1 Chronicles 10:1	Now the Philistines fought against Israel; and the men of Israel fled from before the Philistines, and fell down slain in mount Gilboa.	
1 Chronicles 10:14	And inquired not of the LORD: therefore he slew him, and turned the kingdom unto David the son of Jesse.	
1 Chronicles 10:5	And when his armourbearer saw that Saul was dead, he fell likewise on the sword, and died.	
1 Chronicles 10:9	And when they had stripped him, they took his head, and his armor, and sent into the land of the Philistines round about, to carry tidings unto their idols, and to the people.	
1 Chronicles 11:10	These also are the chief of the mighty men whom David had, who strengthened themselves with him in his kingdom, and with all Israel, to make him king, according to the word of the LORD concerning Israel.	
1 Chronicles 11:14	And they set themselves in the midst of that parcel, and delivered it, and slew the Philistines; and the LORD saved them by a great deliverance.	
1 Chronicles 11:2	And moreover in time past, even when Saul was king, thou wast he that leddest out and broughtest in Israel: and the LORD thy God said unto thee, Thou shalt feed my people Israel, and thou shalt be ruler over my people Israel.	
1 Chronicles 11:20	And Abishai the brother of Joab, he was chief of the three: for lifting up his spear against three hundred, he slew them, and had a name among the three.	
1 Chronicles 11:24	These things did Benaiah the son of Jehoiada, and had the name among the three mighties.	
1 Chronicles 11:26	Also the valiant men of the armies were, Asahel the brother of Joab, Elhanan the son of Dodo of Bethlehem,	
1 Chronicles 11:29	Sibbecai the Hushathite, Ilai the Ahohite,	
1 Chronicles 11:3	Therefore came all the elders of Israel to the king to Hebron; and David made a covenant with them in Hebron before the LORD; and they anointed David king over Israel, according to the word of the LORD by Samuel.	
1 Chronicles 11:30	Maharai the Netophathite, Heled the son of Baanah the Netophathite,	
1 Chronicles 11:32	Hurai of the brooks of Gaash, Abiel the Arbathite,	
1 Chronicles 11:35	Ahiam the son of Sacar the Hararite, Eliphal the son of Ur,	
1 Chronicles 11:36	Hepher the Mecherathite, Ahijah the Pelonite,	
1 Chronicles 11:38	Joel the brother of Nathan, Mibhar the son of Haggeri,	
1 Chronicles 11:4	And David and all Israel went to Jerusalem, which is Jebus; where the Jebusites were, the inhabitants of the land.	
1 Chronicles 11:40	Ira the Ithrite, Gareb the Ithrite,	
1 Chronicles 11:46	Eliel the Mahavite, and Jeribai, and Joshaviah, the sons of Elnaam, and Ithmah the Moabite,	
1 Chronicles 11:9	So David waxed greater and greater: for the LORD of hosts was with him.	
1 Chronicles 12:1	Now these are they that came to David to Ziklag, while he yet kept himself close because of Saul the son of Kish: and they were among the mighty men, helpers of the war.	
1 Chronicles 12:19	And there fell some of Manasseh to David, when he came with the Philistines against Saul to battle: but they helped them not: for the lords of the Philistines upon advisement sent him away, saying, He will fall to his master Saul to the jeopardy of our heads.	
1 Chronicles 12:29	And of the children of Benjamin, the kindred of Saul, three thousand: for hitherto the greatest part of them had kept the ward of the house of Saul.	
1 Chronicles 12:3	The chief was Ahiezer, then Joash, the sons of Shemaah the Gibeathite; and Jeziel, and Pelet, the sons of Azmaveth; and Berachah, and Jehu the Antothite.	
1 Chronicles 12:31	And of the half tribe of Manasseh eighteen thousand, which were expressed by name, to come and make David king.	
1 Chronicles 12:35	And of the Danites expert in war twenty and eight thousand and six hundred.	
1 Chronicles 12:37	And on the other side of Jordan, of the Reubenites, and the Gadites, and of the half tribe of Manasseh, with all manner of instruments of war for the battle, an hundred and twenty thousand.	
1 Chronicles 12:39	And there they were with David three days, eating and drinking: for their brethren had prepared for them.	
1 Chronicles 12:4	And Ismaiah the Gibeonite, a mighty man among the thirty, and over the thirty; and Jeremiah, and Jahaziel, and Johanan, and Josabad the Gederathite,	
1 Chronicles 12:8	And of the Gadites there separated themselves unto David into the hold to the wilderness men of might, and men of war fit for the battle, that could handle shield and buckler, whose faces were like the faces of lions, and were as swift as the roes upon the mountains;	
1 Chronicles 13:7	And they carried the ark of God in a new cart out of the house of Abinadab: and Uzza and Ahio drave the cart.	
1 Chronicles 14:12	And when they had left their gods there, David gave a commandment, and they were burned with fire.	
1 Chronicles 14:15	And it shall be, when thou shalt hear a sound of going in the tops of the mulberry trees, that then thou shalt go out to battle: for God is gone forth before thee to smite the host of the Philistines.	
1 Chronicles 14:16	David therefore did as God commanded him: and they smote the host of the Philistines from Gibeon even to Gazer.	
1 Chronicles 14:5	And Ibhar, and Elishua, and Elpalet,	
1 Chronicles 14:6	And Nogah, and Nepheg, and Japhia,	
1 Chronicles 15:10	Of the sons of Uzziel; Amminadab the chief, and his brethren an hundred and twelve.	
1 Chronicles 15:13	For because ye did it not at the first, the LORD our God made a breach upon us, for that we sought him not after the due order.	
1 Chronicles 15:14	So the priests and the Levites sanctified themselves to bring up the ark of the LORD God of Israel.	
1 Chronicles 15:16	And David spake to the chief of the Levites to appoint their brethren to be the singers with instruments of music, psalteries and harps and cymbals, sounding, by lifting up the voice with joy.	
1 Chronicles 15:22	And Chenaniah, chief of the Levites, was for song: he instructed about the song, because he was skillful.	
1 Chronicles 15:25	So David, and the elders of Israel, and the captains over thousands, went to bring up the ark of the covenant of the LORD out of the house of Obededom with joy.	
1 Chronicles 15:29	And it came to pass, as the ark of the covenant of the LORD came to the city of David, that Michal, the daughter of Saul looking out at a window saw king David dancing and playing: and she despised him in her heart.	
1 Chronicles 15:4	And David assembled the children of Aaron, and the Levites:	
1 Chronicles 16:15	Be ye mindful always of his covenant; the word which he commanded to a thousand generations;	
1 Chronicles 16:20	And when they went from nation to nation, and from one kingdom to another people;	
1 Chronicles 16:22	Saying, Touch not mine anointed, and do my prophets no harm.	
1 Chronicles 16:25	For great is the LORD, and greatly to be praised: he also is to be feared above all gods.	
1 Chronicles 16:34	O give thanks unto the LORD; for he is good; for his mercy endureth for ever.	
1 Chronicles 16:36	Blessed be the LORD God of Israel for ever and ever. And all the people said, Amen, and praised the LORD.	
1 Chronicles 16:37	So he left there before the ark of the covenant of the LORD Asaph and his brethren, to minister before the ark continually, as every day's work required:	
1 Chronicles 16:39	And Zadok the priest, and his brethren the priests, before the tabernacle of the LORD in the high place that was at Gibeon,	
1 Chronicles 16:4	And he appointed certain of the Levites to minister before the ark of the LORD, and to record, and to thank and praise the LORD God of Israel:	
1 Chronicles 16:43	And all the people departed every man to his house: and David returned to bless his house.	
1 Chronicles 16:6	Benaiah also and Jahaziel the priests with trumpets continually before the ark of the covenant of God.	
1 Chronicles 16:9	Sing unto him, sing psalms unto him, talk ye of all his wondrous works.	
1 Chronicles 17:10	And since the time that I commanded judges to be over my people Israel. Moreover I will subdue all thine enemies. Furthermore I tell thee that the LORD will build thee an house.	
1 Chronicles 17:13	I will be his father, and he shall be my son: and I will not take my mercy away from him, as I took it from him that was before thee:	
1 Chronicles 17:16	And David the king came and sat before the LORD, and said, Who am I, O LORD God, and what is mine house, that thou hast brought me hitherto?	
1 Chronicles 17:18	What can David speak more to thee for the honor of thy servant? for thou knowest thy servant.	
1 Chronicles 17:27	Now therefore let it please thee to bless the house of thy servant, that it may be before thee for ever: for thou blessest, O LORD, and it shall be blessed for ever.	
1 Chronicles 17:5	For I have not dwelt in an house since the day that I brought up Israel unto this day; but have gone from tent to tent, and from one tabernacle to another.	
1 Chronicles 18:11	Them also king David dedicated unto the LORD, with the silver and the gold that he brought from all these nations; from Edom, and from Moab, and from the children of Ammon, and from the Philistines, and from Amalek.	
1 Chronicles 18:13	And he put garrisons in Edom; and all the Edomites became David's servants. Thus the LORD preserved David whithersoever he went.	
1 Chronicles 18:5	And when the Syrians of Damascus came to help Hadarezer king of Zobah, David slew of the Syrians two and twenty thousand men.	
1 Chronicles 18:6	Then David put garrisons in Syriadamascus; and the Syrians became David's servants, and brought gifts. Thus the LORD preserved David whithersoever he went.	
1 Chronicles 18:8	Likewise from Tibhath, and from Chun, cities of Hadarezer, brought David very much brass, wherewith Solomon made the brazen sea, and the pillars, and the vessels of brass.	
1 Chronicles 19:11	And the rest of the people he delivered unto the hand of Abishai his brother, and they set themselves in array against the children of Ammon.	
1 Chronicles 19:13	Be of good courage, and let us behave ourselves valiantly for our people, and for the cities of our God: and let the LORD do that which is good in his sight.	
1 Chronicles 19:6	And when the children of Ammon saw that they had made themselves odious to David, Hanun and the children of Ammon sent a thousand talents of silver to hire them chariots and horsemen out of Mesopotamia, and out of Syriamaachah, and out of Zobah.	
1 Chronicles 19:8	And when David heard of it, he sent Joab, and all the host of the mighty men.	
1 Chronicles 1:11	And Mizraim begat Ludim, and Anamim, and Lehabim, and Naphtuhim,	
1 Chronicles 1:12	And Pathrusim, and Casluhim, (of whom came the Philistines,) and Caphthorim.	
1 Chronicles 1:14	The Jebusite also, and the Amorite, and the Girgashite,	
1 Chronicles 1:19	And unto Eber were born two sons: the name of the one was Peleg; because in his days the earth was divided: and his brother's name was Joktan.	
1 Chronicles 1:23	And Ophir, and Havilah, and Jobab. All these were the sons of Joktan.	
1 Chronicles 1:25	Eber, Peleg, Reu,	
1 Chronicles 1:27	Abram; the same is Abraham.	
1 Chronicles 1:29	These are their generations: The firstborn of Ishmael, Nebaioth; then Kedar, and Adbeel, and Mibsam,	
1 Chronicles 1:3	Henoch, Methuselah, Lamech,	
1 Chronicles 1:37	The sons of Reuel; Nahath, Zerah, Shammah, and Mizzah.	
1 Chronicles 1:42	The sons of Ezer; Bilhan, and Zavan, and Jakan. The sons of Dishan; Uz, and Aran.	
1 Chronicles 1:50	And when Baalhanan was dead, Hadad reigned in his stead: and the name of his city was Pai; and his wife's name was Mehetabel, the daughter of Matred, the daughter of Mezahab.	
1 Chronicles 1:51	Hadad died also. And the dukes of Edom were; duke Timnah, duke Aliah, duke Jetheth,	
1 Chronicles 1:52	Duke Aholibamah, duke Elah, duke Pinon,	
1 Chronicles 1:53	Duke Kenaz, duke Teman, duke Mibzar,	
1 Chronicles 20:3	And he brought out the people that were in it, and cut them with saws, and with harrows of iron, and with axes. Even so dealt David with all the cities of the children of Ammon. And David and all the people returned to Jerusalem.	
1 Chronicles 20:5	And there was war again with the Philistines; and Elhanan the son of Jair slew Lahmi the brother of Goliath the Gittite, whose spear staff was like a weaver's beam.	
1 Chronicles 20:6	And yet again there was war at Gath, where was a man of great stature, whose fingers and toes were four and twenty, six on each hand, and six on each foot and he also was the son of the giant.	
1 Chronicles 20:7	But when he defied Israel, Jonathan the son of Shimea David's brother slew him.	
1 Chronicles 21:13	And David said unto Gad, I am in a great strait: let me fall now into the hand of the LORD; for very great are his mercies: but let me not fall into the hand of man.	
1 Chronicles 21:19	And David went up at the saying of Gad, which he spake in the name of the LORD.	
1 Chronicles 21:20	And Ornan turned back, and saw the angel; and his four sons with him hid themselves. Now Ornan was threshing wheat.	
1 Chronicles 21:30	But David could not go before it to enquire of God: for he was afraid because of the sword of the angel of the LORD.	
1 Chronicles 21:4	Nevertheless the king's word prevailed against Joab. Wherefore Joab departed, and went throughout all Israel, and came to Jerusalem.	
1 Chronicles 22:13	Then shalt thou prosper, if thou takest heed to fulfil the statutes and judgments which the LORD charged Moses with concerning Israel: be strong, and of good courage; dread not, nor be dismayed.	
1 Chronicles 22:14	Now, behold, in my trouble I have prepared for the house of the LORD an hundred thousand talents of gold, and a thousand thousand talents of silver; and of brass and iron without weight; for it is in abundance: timber also and stone have I prepared; and thou mayest add thereto.	
1 Chronicles 22:15	Moreover there are workmen with thee in abundance, hewers and workers of stone and timber, and all manner of cunning men for every manner of work.	
1 Chronicles 22:16	Of the gold, the silver, and the brass, and the iron, there is no number. Arise therefore, and be doing, and the LORD be with thee.	
1 Chronicles 22:9	Behold, a son shall be born to thee, who shall be a man of rest; and I will give him rest from all his enemies round about: for his name shall be Solomon, and I will give peace and quietness unto Israel in his days.	
1 Chronicles 23:12	The sons of Kohath; Amram, Izhar, Hebron, and Uzziel, four.	
1 Chronicles 23:13	The sons of Amram; Aaron and Moses: and Aaron was separated, that he should sanctify the most holy things, he and his sons for ever, to burn incense before the LORD, to minister unto him, and to bless in his name for ever.	
1 Chronicles 24:12	The eleventh to Eliashib, the twelfth to Jakim,	
1 Chronicles 24:19	These were the orderings of them in their service to come into the house of the LORD, according to their manner, under Aaron their father, as the LORD God of Israel had commanded him.	
1 Chronicles 24:27	The sons of Merari by Jaaziah; Beno, and Shoham, and Zaccur, and Ibri.	
1 Chronicles 24:28	Of Mahli came Eleazar, who had no sons.	
1 Chronicles 24:5	Thus were they divided by lot, one sort with another; for the governors of the sanctuary, and governors of the house of God, were of the sons of Eleazar, and of the sons of Ithamar.	
1 Chronicles 24:8	The third to Harim, the fourth to Seorim,	
1 Chronicles 25:13	The sixth to Bukkiah, he, his sons, and his brethren, were twelve:	
1 Chronicles 25:19	The twelfth to Hashabiah, he, his sons, and his brethren, were twelve:	
1 Chronicles 25:22	The fifteenth to Jeremoth, he, his sons, and his brethren, were twelve:	
1 Chronicles 25:25	The eighteenth to Hanani, he, his sons, and his brethren, were twelve:	
1 Chronicles 25:30	The three and twentieth to Mahazioth, he, his sons, and his brethren, were twelve:	
1 Chronicles 25:4	Of Heman: the sons of Heman: Bukkiah, Mattaniah, Uzziel, Shebuel, and Jerimoth, Hananiah, Hanani, Eliathah, Giddalti, and Romamtiezer, Joshbekashah, Mallothi, Hothir, and Mahazioth:	
1 Chronicles 26:11	Hilkiah the second, Tebaliah the third, Zechariah the fourth: all the sons and brethren of Hosah were thirteen.	
1 Chronicles 26:16	To Shuppim and Hosah the lot came forth westward, with the gate Shallecheth, by the causeway of the going up, ward against ward.	
1 Chronicles 26:18	At Parbar westward, four at the causeway, and two at Parbar.	
1 Chronicles 26:19	These are the divisions of the porters among the sons of Kore, and among the sons of Merari.	
1 Chronicles 26:27	Out of the spoils won in battles did they dedicate to maintain the house of the LORD.	
1 Chronicles 26:29	Of the Izharites, Chenaniah and his sons were for the outward business over Israel, for officers and judges.	
1 Chronicles 26:6	Also unto Shemaiah his son were sons born, that ruled throughout the house of their father: for they were mighty men of valor.	
1 Chronicles 26:9	And Meshelemiah had sons and brethren, strong men, eighteen.	
1 Chronicles 27:1	Now the children of Israel after their number, to wit, the chief fathers and captains of thousands and hundreds, and their officers that served the king in any matter of the courses, which came in and went out month by month throughout all the months of the year, of every course were twenty and four thousand.	
1 Chronicles 27:10	The seventh captain for the seventh month was Helez the Pelonite, of the children of Ephraim: and in his course were twenty and four thousand.	
1 Chronicles 27:27	And over the vineyards was Shimei the Ramathite: over the increase of the vineyards for the wine cellars was Zabdi the Shiphmite:	
1 Chronicles 27:30	Over the camels also was Obil the Ishmaelite: and over the asses was Jehdeiah the Meronothite:	
1 Chronicles 27:32	Also Jonathan David's uncle was a counselor, a wise man, and a scribe: and Jehiel the son of Hachmoni was with the king's sons:	
1 Chronicles 27:34	And after Ahithophel was Jehoiada the son of Benaiah, and Abiathar: and the general of the king's army was Joab.	
1 Chronicles 27:6	This is that Benaiah, who was mighty among the thirty, and above the thirty: and in his course was Ammizabad his son.	
1 Chronicles 27:7	The fourth captain for the fourth month was Asahel the brother of Joab, and Zebadiah his son after him: and in his course were twenty and four thousand.	
1 Chronicles 27:9	The sixth captain for the sixth month was Ira the son of Ikkesh the Tekoite: and in his course were twenty and four thousand.	
1 Chronicles 28:16	And by weight he gave gold for the tables of shewbread, for every table; and likewise silver for the tables of silver:	
1 Chronicles 28:19	All this, said David, the LORD made me understand in writing by his hand upon me, even all the works of this pattern.	
1 Chronicles 29:1	Furthermore David the king said unto all the congregation, Solomon my son, whom alone God hath chosen, is yet young and tender, and the work is great: for the palace is not for man, but for the LORD God.	
1 Chronicles 29:10	Wherefore David blessed the LORD before all the congregation: and David said, Blessed be thou, LORD God of Israel our father, for ever and ever.	
1 Chronicles 29:12	Both riches and honor come of thee, and thou reignest over all; and in thine hand is power and might; and in thine hand it is to make great, and to give strength unto all.	
1 Chronicles 29:14	But who am I, and what is my people, that we should be able to offer so willingly after this sort? for all things come of thee, and of thine own have we given thee.	
1 Chronicles 29:22	And did eat and drink before the LORD on that day with great gladness. And they made Solomon the son of David king the second time, and anointed him unto the LORD to be the chief governor, and Zadok to be priest.	
1 Chronicles 29:25	And the LORD magnified Solomon exceedingly in the sight of all Israel, and bestowed upon him such royal majesty as had not been on any king before him in Israel.	
1 Chronicles 29:29	Now the acts of David the king, first and last, behold, they are written in the book of Samuel the seer, and in the book of Nathan the prophet, and in the book of Gad the seer,	
1 Chronicles 29:3	Moreover, because I have set my affection to the house of my God, I have of mine own proper good, of gold and silver, which I have given to the house of my God, over and above all that I have prepared for the holy house.	
1 Chronicles 29:30	With all his reign and his might, and the times that went over him, and over Israel, and over all the kingdoms of the countries.	
1 Chronicles 29:5	The gold for things of gold, and the silver for things of silver, and for all manner of work to be made by the hands of artificers. And who then is willing to consecrate his service this day unto the LORD?	
1 Chronicles 29:8	And they with whom precious stones were found gave them to the treasure of the house of the LORD, by the hand of Jehiel the Gershonite.	
1 Chronicles 2:10	And Ram begat Amminadab; and Amminadab begat Nahshon, prince of the children of Judah;	
1 Chronicles 2:12	And Boaz begat Obed, and Obed begat Jesse,	
1 Chronicles 2:18	And Caleb the son of Hezron begat children of Azubah his wife, and of Jerioth: her sons are these; Jesher, and Shobab, and Ardon.	
1 Chronicles 2:23	And he took Geshur, and Aram, with the towns of Jair, from them, with Kenath, and the towns thereof, even threescore cities. All these belonged to the sons of Machir the father of Gilead.	
1 Chronicles 2:27	And the sons of Ram the firstborn of Jerahmeel were, Maaz, and Jamin, and Eker.	
1 Chronicles 2:28	And the sons of Onam were, Shammai, and Jada. And the sons of Shammai; Nadab and Abishur.	
1 Chronicles 2:3	The sons of Judah; Er, and Onan, and Shelah: which three were born unto him of the daughter of Shua the Canaanitess. And Er, the firstborn of Judah, was evil in the sight of the LORD; and he slew him.	
1 Chronicles 2:30	And the sons of Nadab; Seled, and Appaim: but Seled died without children.	
1 Chronicles 2:33	And the sons of Jonathan; Peleth, and Zaza. These were the sons of Jerahmeel.	
1 Chronicles 2:35	And Sheshan gave his daughter to Jarha his servant to wife; and she bare him Attai.	
1 Chronicles 2:38	And Obed begat Jehu, and Jehu begat Azariah,	
1 Chronicles 2:39	And Azariah begat Helez, and Helez begat Eleasah,	
1 Chronicles 2:43	And the sons of Hebron; Korah, and Tappuah, and Rekem, and Shema.	
1 Chronicles 2:46	And Ephah, Caleb's concubine, bare Haran, and Moza, and Gazez: and Haran begat Gazez.	
1 Chronicles 2:47	And the sons of Jahdai; Regem, and Jotham, and Gesham, and Pelet, and Ephah, and Shaaph.	
1 Chronicles 2:5	The sons of Pharez; Hezron, and Hamul.	
1 Chronicles 2:50	These were the sons of Caleb the son of Hur, the firstborn of Ephratah; Shobal the father of Kirjathjearim.	
1 Chronicles 2:52	And Shobal the father of Kirjathjearim had sons; Haroeh, and half of the Manahethites.	
1 Chronicles 2:8	And the sons of Ethan; Azariah.	
1 Chronicles 3:1	Now these were the sons of David, which were born unto him in Hebron; the firstborn Amnon, of Ahinoam the Jezreelitess; the second Daniel, of Abigail the Carmelitess:	
1 Chronicles 3:11	Joram his son, Ahaziah his son, Joash his son,	
1 Chronicles 3:15	And the sons of Josiah were, the firstborn Johanan, the second Jehoiakim, the third Zedekiah, the fourth Shallum.	
1 Chronicles 3:16	And the sons of Jehoiakim: Jeconiah his son, Zedekiah his son.	
1 Chronicles 3:18	Malchiram also, and Pedaiah, and Shenazar, Jecamiah, Hoshama, and Nedabiah.	
1 Chronicles 3:20	And Hashubah, and Ohel, and Berechiah, and Hasadiah, Jushabhesed, five.	
1 Chronicles 3:23	And the sons of Neariah; Elioenai, and Hezekiah, and Azrikam, three.	
1 Chronicles 3:3	The fifth, Shephatiah of Abital: the sixth, Ithream by Eglah his wife.	
1 Chronicles 3:4	These six were born unto him in Hebron; and there he reigned seven years and six months: and in Jerusalem he reigned thirty and three years.	
1 Chronicles 4:13	And the sons of Kenaz; Othniel, and Seraiah: and the sons of Othniel; Hathath.	
1 Chronicles 4:14	And Meonothai begat Ophrah: and Seraiah begat Joab, the father of the valley of Charashim; for they were craftsmen.	
1 Chronicles 4:2	And Reaiah the son of Shobal begat Jahath; and Jahath begat Ahumai, and Lahad. These are the families of the Zorathites.	
1 Chronicles 4:23	These were the potters, and those that dwelt among plants and hedges: there they dwelt with the king for his work.	
1 Chronicles 4:24	The sons of Simeon were, Nemuel, and Jamin, Jarib, Zerah, and Shaul:	
1 Chronicles 4:25	Shallum his son, Mibsam his son, Mishma his son.	
1 Chronicles 4:3	And these were of the father of Etam; Jezreel, and Ishma, and Idbash: and the name of their sister was Hazelelponi:	
1 Chronicles 4:30	And at Bethuel, and at Hormah, and at Ziklag,	
1 Chronicles 4:34	And Meshobab, and Jamlech, and Joshah, the son of Amaziah,	
1 Chronicles 4:37	And Ziza the son of Shiphi, the son of Allon, the son of Jedaiah, the son of Shimri, the son of Shemaiah;	
1 Chronicles 4:42	And some of them, even of the sons of Simeon, five hundred men, went to mount Seir, having for their captains Pelatiah, and Neariah, and Rephaiah, and Uzziel, the sons of Ishi.	
1 Chronicles 4:6	And Naarah bare him Ahuzam, and Hepher, and Temeni, and Haahashtari. These were the sons of Naarah.	
1 Chronicles 4:9	And Jabez was more honorable than his brethren: and his mother called his name Jabez, saying, Because I bare him with sorrow.	
1 Chronicles 5:1	Now the sons of Reuben the firstborn of Israel, (for he was the firstborn; but forasmuch as he defiled his father's bed, his birthright was given unto the sons of Joseph the son of Israel: and the genealogy is not to be reckoned after the birthright.	
1 Chronicles 5:10	And in the days of Saul they made war with the Hagarites, who fell by their hand: and they dwelt in their tents throughout all the east land of Gilead.	
1 Chronicles 5:16	And they dwelt in Gilead in Bashan, and in her towns, and in all the suburbs of Sharon, upon their borders.	
1 Chronicles 5:24	And these were the heads of the house of their fathers, even Epher, and Ishi, and Eliel, and Azriel, and Jeremiah, and Hodaviah, and Jahdiel, mighty men of valor, famous men, and heads of the house of their fathers.	
1 Chronicles 5:25	And they transgressed against the God of their fathers, and went a whoring after the gods of the people of the land, whom God destroyed before them.	
1 Chronicles 5:26	And the God of Israel stirred up the spirit of Pul king of Assyria, and the spirit of Tilgathpilneser king of Assyria, and he carried them away, even the Reubenites, and the Gadites, and the half tribe of Manasseh, and brought them unto Halah, and Habor, and Hara, and to the river Gozan, unto this day.	
1 Chronicles 5:4	The sons of Joel; Shemaiah his son, Gog his son, Shimei his son,	
1 Chronicles 6:1	The sons of Levi; Gershon, Kohath, and Merari.	
1 Chronicles 6:10	And Johanan begat Azariah, (he it is that executed the priest's office in the temple that Solomon built in Jerusalem:)	
1 Chronicles 6:11	And Azariah begat Amariah, and Amariah begat Ahitub,	
1 Chronicles 6:18	And the sons of Kohath were, Amram, and Izhar, and Hebron, and Uzziel.	
1 Chronicles 6:2	And the sons of Kohath; Amram, Izhar, and Hebron, and Uzziel.	
1 Chronicles 6:20	Of Gershom; Libni his son, Jahath his son, Zimmah his son,	
1 Chronicles 6:26	As for Elkanah: the sons of Elkanah; Zophai his son, and Nahath his son,	
1 Chronicles 6:28	And the sons of Samuel; the firstborn Vashni, and Abiah.	
1 Chronicles 6:36	The son of Elkanah, the son of Joel, the son of Azariah, the son of Zephaniah,	
1 Chronicles 6:41	The son of Ethni, the son of Zerah, the son of Adaiah,	
1 Chronicles 6:42	The son of Ethan, the son of Zimmah, the son of Shimei,	
1 Chronicles 6:45	The son of Hashabiah, the son of Amaziah, the son of Hilkiah,	
1 Chronicles 6:46	The son of Amzi, the son of Bani, the son of Shamer,	
1 Chronicles 6:48	Their brethren also the Levites were appointed unto all manner of service of the tabernacle of the house of God.	
1 Chronicles 6:50	And these are the sons of Aaron; Eleazar his son, Phinehas his son, Abishua his son,	
1 Chronicles 6:55	And they gave them Hebron in the land of Judah, and the suburbs thereof round about it.	
1 Chronicles 6:6	And Uzzi begat Zerahiah, and Zerahiah begat Meraioth,	
1 Chronicles 6:65	And they gave by lot out of the tribe of the children of Judah, and out of the tribe of the children of Simeon, and out of the tribe of the children of Benjamin, these cities, which are called by their names.	
1 Chronicles 6:66	And the residue of the families of the sons of Kohath had cities of their coasts out of the tribe of Ephraim.	
1 Chronicles 6:72	And out of the tribe of Issachar; Kedesh with her suburbs, Daberath with her suburbs,	
1 Chronicles 6:79	Kedemoth also with her suburbs, and Mephaath with her suburbs:	
1 Chronicles 7:12	Shuppim also, and Huppim, the children of Ir, and Hushim, the sons of Aher.	
1 Chronicles 7:18	And his sister Hammoleketh bare Ishod, and Abiezer, and Mahalah.	
1 Chronicles 7:2	And the sons of Tola; Uzzi, and Rephaiah, and Jeriel, and Jahmai, and Jibsam, and Shemuel, heads of their father's house, to wit, of Tola: they were valiant men of might in their generations; whose number was in the days of David two and twenty thousand and six hundred.	
1 Chronicles 7:24	(And his daughter was Sherah, who built Bethhoron the nether, and the upper, and Uzzensherah.)	
1 Chronicles 7:26	Laadan his son, Ammihud his son, Elishama his son.	
1 Chronicles 7:32	And Heber begat Japhlet, and Shomer, and Hotham, and Shua their sister.	
1 Chronicles 7:4	And with them, by their generations, after the house of their fathers, were bands of soldiers for war, six and thirty thousand men: for they had many wives and sons.	
1 Chronicles 7:40	All these were the children of Asher, heads of their father's house, choice and mighty men of valor, chief of the princes. And the number throughout the genealogy of them that were apt to the war and to battle was twenty and six thousand men.	
1 Chronicles 7:8	And the sons of Becher; Zemira, and Joash, and Eliezer, and Elioenai, and Omri, and Jerimoth, and Abiah, and Anathoth, and Alameth. All these are the sons of Becher.	
1 Chronicles 8:1	Now Benjamin begat Bela his firstborn, Ashbel the second, and Aharah the third,	
1 Chronicles 8:13	Beriah also, and Shema, who were heads of the fathers of the inhabitants of Aijalon, who drove away the inhabitants of Gath:	
1 Chronicles 8:15	And Zebadiah, and Arad, and Ader,	
1 Chronicles 8:26	And Shamsherai, and Shehariah, and Athaliah,	
1 Chronicles 8:30	And his firstborn son Abdon, and Zur, and Kish, and Baal, and Nadab,	
1 Chronicles 8:4	And Abishua, and Naaman, and Ahoah,	
1 Chronicles 8:40	And the sons of Ulam were mighty men of valor, archers, and had many sons, and sons' sons, an hundred and fifty. All these are of the sons of Benjamin.	
1 Chronicles 8:7	And Naaman, and Ahiah, and Gera, he removed them, and begat Uzza, and Ahihud.	
1 Chronicles 9:12	And Adaiah the son of Jeroham, the son of Pashur, the son of Malchijah, and Maasiai the son of Adiel, the son of Jahzerah, the son of Meshullam, the son of Meshillemith, the son of Immer;	
1 Chronicles 9:19	And Shallum the son of Kore, the son of Ebiasaph, the son of Korah, and his brethren, of the house of his father, the Korahites, were over the work of the service, keepers of the gates of the tabernacle: and their fathers, being over the host of the LORD, were keepers of the entry.	
1 Chronicles 9:26	For these Levites, the four chief porters, were in their set office, and were over the chambers and treasuries of the house of God.	
1 Chronicles 9:29	Some of them also were appointed to oversee the vessels, and all the instruments of the sanctuary, and the fine flour, and the wine, and the oil, and the frankincense, and the spices.	
1 Chronicles 9:32	And other of their brethren, of the sons of the Kohathites, were over the shewbread, to prepare it every sabbath.	
1 Chronicles 9:4	Uthai the son of Ammihud, the son of Omri, the son of Imri, the son of Bani, of the children of Pharez the son of Judah.	
1 Chronicles 9:43	And Moza begat Binea; and Rephaiah his son, Eleasah his son, Azel his son.	
1 Chronicles 9:5	And of the Shilonites; Asaiah the firstborn, and his sons.	
1 Corinthians 10:15	I speak as to wise men; judge ye what I say.	
1 Corinthians 10:18	Behold Israel after the flesh: are not they which eat of the sacrifices partakers of the altar?	
1 Corinthians 10:20	But I say, that the things which the Gentiles sacrifice, they sacrifice to devils, and not to God: and I would not that ye should have fellowship with devils.	
1 Corinthians 10:22	Do we provoke the Lord to jealousy? are we stronger than he?	
1 Corinthians 10:23	All things are lawful for me, but all things are not expedient: all things are lawful for me, but all things edify not.	
1 Corinthians 10:25	Whatsoever is sold in the shambles, that eat, asking no question for conscience sake:	
1 Corinthians 10:3	|And did all eat the same spiritual meat;	
1 Corinthians 10:31	Whether therefore ye eat, or drink, or whatsoever ye do, do all to the glory of God.	
1 Corinthians 11:11	Nevertheless neither is the man without the woman, neither the woman without the man, in the Lord.	
1 Corinthians 11:14	Doth not even nature itself teach you, that, if a man have long hair, it is a shame unto him?	
1 Corinthians 11:15	But if a woman have long hair, it is a glory to her: for her hair is given her for a covering.	
1 Corinthians 11:16	But if any man seem to be contentious, we have no such custom, neither the churches of God.	
1 Corinthians 11:18	For first of all, when ye come together in the church, I hear that there be divisions among you; and I partly believe it.	
1 Corinthians 11:19	For there must be also heresies among you, that they which are approved may be made manifest among you.	
1 Corinthians 11:22	What? have ye not houses to eat and to drink in? or despise ye the church of God, and shame them that have not? What shall I say to you? shall I praise you in this? I praise you not.	
1 Corinthians 11:23	For I have received of the Lord that which also I delivered unto you, That the Lord Jesus the same night in which he was betrayed took bread:	
1 Corinthians 11:28	But let a man examine himself, and so let him eat of that bread, and drink of that cup.	
1 Corinthians 11:32	But when we are judged, we are chastened of the Lord, that we should not be condemned with the world.	
1 Corinthians 11:4	Every man praying or prophesying, having his head covered, dishonoureth his head.	
1 Corinthians 11:8	For the man is not of the woman: but the woman of the man.	
1 Corinthians 11:9	Neither was the man created for the woman; but the woman for the man.	
1 Corinthians 12:14	For the body is not one member, but many.	
1 Corinthians 12:19	And if they were all one member, where were the body?	
1 Corinthians 12:2	Ye know that ye were Gentiles, carried away unto these dumb idols, even as ye were led.	
1 Corinthians 12:25	That there should be no schism in the body; but that the members should have the same care one for another.	
1 Corinthians 12:26	And whether one member suffer, all the members suffer with it; or one member be honoured, all the members rejoice with it.	
1 Corinthians 12:27	Now ye are the body of Christ, and members in particular.	
1 Corinthians 12:29	Are all apostles? are all prophets? are all teachers? are all workers of miracles?	
1 Corinthians 12:3	Wherefore I give you to understand, that no man speaking by the Spirit of God calleth Jesus accursed: and that no man can say that Jesus is the Lord, but by the Holy Ghost.	
1 Corinthians 12:30	Have all the gifts of healing? do all speak with tongues? do all interpret?	
1 Corinthians 12:4	Now there are diversities of gifts, but the same Spirit.	
1 Corinthians 12:8	For to one is given by the Spirit the word of wisdom; to another the word of knowledge by the same Spirit;	
1 Corinthians 12:9	To another faith by the same Spirit; to another the gifts of healing by the same Spirit;	
1 Corinthians 13:10	But when that which is perfect is come, then that which is in part shall be done away.	
1 Corinthians 13:13	And now abideth faith, hope, charity, these three; but the greatest of these is charity.	
1 Corinthians 14:13	Wherefore let him that speaketh in an unknown tongue pray that he may interpret.	
1 Corinthians 14:19	Yet in the church I had rather speak five words with my understanding, that by my voice I might teach others also, than ten thousand words in an unknown tongue.	
1 Corinthians 14:24	But if all prophesy, and there come in one that believeth not, or one unlearned, he is convinced of all, he is judged of all:	
1 Corinthians 14:35	And if they will learn any thing, let them ask their husbands at home: for it is a shame for women to speak in the church.	
1 Corinthians 14:8	For if the trumpet give an uncertain sound, who shall prepare himself to the battle?	
1 Corinthians 15:19	If in this life only we have hope in Christ, we are of all men most miserable.	
1 Corinthians 15:2	By which also ye are saved, if ye keep in memory what I preached unto you, unless ye have believed in vain.	
1 Corinthians 15:29	Else what shall they do which are baptized for the dead, if the dead rise not at all? why are they then baptized for the dead?	
1 Corinthians 15:31	I protest by your rejoicing which I have in Christ Jesus our Lord, I die daily.	
1 Corinthians 15:38	But God giveth it a body as it hath pleased him, and to every seed his own body.	
1 Corinthians 15:39	All flesh is not the same flesh: but there is one kind of flesh of men, another flesh of beasts, another of fishes, and another of birds.	
1 Corinthians 15:44	It is sown a natural body; it is raised a spiritual body. There is a natural body, and there is a spiritual body.	
1 Corinthians 15:5	And that he was seen of Cephas, then of the twelve:	
1 Corinthians 15:50	Now this I say, brethren, that flesh and blood cannot inherit the kingdom of God; neither doth corruption inherit incorruption.	
1 Corinthians 15:53	For this corruptible must put on incorruption, and this mortal must put on immortality.	
1 Corinthians 15:6	After that, he was seen of above five hundred brethren at once; of whom the greater part remain unto this present, but some are fallen asleep.	
1 Corinthians 16:10	Now if Timotheus come, see that he may be with you without fear: for he worketh the work of the Lord, as I also do.	
1 Corinthians 16:14	Let all your things be done with charity.	
1 Corinthians 16:17	I am glad of the coming of Stephanas and Fortunatus and Achaicus: for that which was lacking on your part they have supplied.	
1 Corinthians 16:19	The churches of Asia salute you. Aquila and Priscilla salute you much in the Lord, with the church that is in their house.	
1 Corinthians 16:3	And when I come, whomsoever ye shall approve by your letters, them will I send to bring your liberality unto Jerusalem.	
1 Corinthians 16:4	And if it be meet that I go also, they shall go with me.	
1 Corinthians 1:14	I thank God that I baptized none of you, but Crispus and Gaius;	
1 Corinthians 1:16	And I baptized also the household of Stephanas: besides, I know not whether I baptized any other.	
1 Corinthians 1:22	For the Jews require a sign, and the Greeks seek after wisdom:	
1 Corinthians 1:30	But of him are ye in Christ Jesus, who of God is made unto us wisdom, and righteousness, and sanctification, and redemption:	
1 Corinthians 1:31	That, according as it is written, He that glorieth, let him glory in the Lord.	
1 Corinthians 1:8	Who shall also confirm you unto the end, that ye may be blameless in the day of our Lord Jesus Christ.	
1 Corinthians 2:13	Which things also we speak, not in the words which man's wisdom teacheth, but which the Holy Ghost teacheth; comparing spiritual things with spiritual.	
1 Corinthians 2:15	But he that is spiritual judgeth all things, yet he himself is judged of no man.	
1 Corinthians 2:8	Which none of the princes of this world knew: for had they known it, they would not have crucified the Lord of glory.	
1 Corinthians 3:16	Know ye not that ye are the temple of God, and that the Spirit of God dwelleth in you?	
1 Corinthians 3:19	For the wisdom of this world is foolishness with God. For it is written, He taketh the wise in their own craftiness.	
1 Corinthians 3:21	Therefore let no man glory in men. For all things are your's;	
1 Corinthians 3:4	For while one saith, I am of Paul; and another, I am of Apollos; are ye not carnal?	
1 Corinthians 4:13	Being defamed, we intreat: we are made as the filth of the world, and are the offscouring of all things unto this day.	
1 Corinthians 4:14	I write not these things to shame you, but as my beloved sons I warn you.	
1 Corinthians 4:21	What will ye? shall I come unto you with a rod, or in love, and in the spirit of meekness?	
1 Corinthians 4:3	But with me it is a very small thing that I should be judged of you, or of man's judgment: yea, I judge not mine own self.	
1 Corinthians 4:9	For I think that God hath set forth us the apostles last, as it were appointed to death: for we are made a spectacle unto the world, and to angels, and to men.	
1 Corinthians 5:13	But them that are without God judgeth. Therefore put away from among yourselves that wicked person.	
1 Corinthians 5:8	Therefore let us keep the feast, not with old leaven, neither with the leaven of malice and wickedness; but with the unleavened bread of sincerity and truth.	
1 Corinthians 6:1	Dare any of you, having a matter against another, go to law before the unjust, and not before the saints?	
1 Corinthians 6:18	Flee fornication. Every sin that a man doeth is without the body; but he that committeth fornication sinneth against his own body.	
1 Corinthians 6:19	What? know ye not that your body is the temple of the Holy Ghost which is in you, which ye have of God, and ye are not your own?	
1 Corinthians 6:3	Know ye not that we shall judge angels? how much more things that pertain to this life?	
1 Corinthians 6:4	If then ye have judgments of things pertaining to this life, set them to judge who are least esteemed in the church.	
1 Corinthians 6:5	I speak to your shame. Is it so, that there is not a wise man among you? no, not one that shall be able to judge between his brethren?	
1 Corinthians 6:8	Nay, ye do wrong, and defraud, and that your brethren.	
1 Corinthians 7:10	And unto the married I command, yet not I, but the Lord, Let not the wife depart from her husband:	
1 Corinthians 7:11	But and if she depart, let her remain unmarried or be reconciled to her husband: and let not the husband put away his wife.	
1 Corinthians 7:13	And the woman which hath an husband that believeth not, and if he be pleased to dwell with her, let her not leave him.	
1 Corinthians 7:17	But as God hath distributed to every man, as the Lord hath called every one, so let him walk. And so ordain I in all churches.	
1 Corinthians 7:18	Is any man called being circumcised? let him not become uncircumcised. Is any called in uncircumcision? let him not be circumcised.	
1 Corinthians 7:19	Circumcision is nothing, and uncircumcision is nothing, but the keeping of the commandments of God.	
1 Corinthians 7:2	Nevertheless, to avoid fornication, let every man have his own wife, and let every woman have her own husband.	
1 Corinthians 7:22	For he that is called in the Lord, being a servant, is the Lord's freeman: likewise also he that is called, being free, is Christ's servant.	
1 Corinthians 7:24	Brethren, let every man, wherein he is called, therein abide with God.	
1 Corinthians 7:30	And they that weep, as though they wept not; and they that rejoice, as though they rejoiced not; and they that buy, as though they possessed not;	
1 Corinthians 7:32	But I would have you without carefulness. He that is unmarried careth for the things that belong to the Lord, how he may please the Lord:	
1 Corinthians 7:34	There is difference also between a wife and a virgin. The unmarried woman careth for the things of the Lord, that she may be holy both in body and in spirit: but she that is married careth for the things of the world, how she may please her husband.	
1 Corinthians 7:39	The wife is bound by the law as long as her husband liveth; but if her husband be dead, she is at liberty to be married to whom she will; only in the Lord.	
1 Corinthians 7:4	The wife hath not power of her own body, but the husband: and likewise also the husband hath not power of his own body, but the wife.	
1 Corinthians 7:40	But she is happier if she so abide, after my judgment: and I think also that I have the Spirit of God.	
1 Corinthians 7:5	Defraud ye not one the other, except it be with consent for a time, that ye may give yourselves to fasting and prayer; and come together again, that Satan tempt you not for your incontinency.	
1 Corinthians 7:6	But I speak this by permission, and not of commandment.	
1 Corinthians 8:11	And through thy knowledge shall the weak brother perish, for whom Christ died?	
1 Corinthians 8:9	But take heed lest by any means this liberty of your's become a stumblingblock to them that are weak.	
1 Corinthians 9:15	But I have used none of these things: neither have I written these things, that it should be so done unto me: for it were better for me to die, than that any man should make my glorying void.	
1 Corinthians 9:16	For though I preach the gospel, I have nothing to glory of: for necessity is laid upon me; yea, woe is unto me, if I preach not the gospel!	
1 Corinthians 9:18	What is my reward then? Verily that, when I preach the gospel, I may make the gospel of Christ without charge, that I abuse not my power in the gospel.	
1 Corinthians 9:2	If I be not an apostle unto others, yet doubtless I am to you: for the seal of mine apostleship are ye in the Lord.	
1 Corinthians 9:20	And unto the Jews I became as a Jew, that I might gain the Jews; to them that are under the law, as under the law, that I might gain them that are under the law;	
1 Corinthians 9:21	To them that are without law, as without law, (being not without law to God, but under the law to Christ,) that I might gain them that are without law.	
1 Corinthians 9:23	And this I do for the gospel's sake, that I might be partaker thereof with you.|	
1 Corinthians 9:24	Know ye not that they which run in a race run all, but one receiveth the prize? So run, that ye may obtain.	
1 Corinthians 9:25	And every man that striveth for the mastery is temperate in all things. Now they do it to obtain a corruptible crown; but we an incorruptible.	
1 John 1:1	That which was from the beginning, which we have heard, which we have seen with our eyes, which we have looked upon, and our hands have handled, of the Word of life;	
1 John 1:3	That which we have seen and heard declare we unto you, that ye also may have fellowship with us: and truly our fellowship is with the Father, and with his Son Jesus Christ.	
1 John 1:5	This then is the message which we have heard of him, and declare unto you, that God is light, and in him is no darkness at all.	
1 John 2:1	My little children, these things write I unto you, that ye sin not. And if any man sin, we have an advocate with the Father, Jesus Christ the righteous:	
1 John 2:17	And the world passeth away, and the lust thereof: but he that doeth the will of God abideth for ever.	
1 John 2:2	And he is the propitiation for our sins: and not for our's only, but also for the sins of the whole world.	
1 John 2:5	But whoso keepeth his word, in him verily is the love of God perfected: hereby know we that we are in him.	
1 John 3:11	For this is the message that ye heard from the beginning, that we should love one another.	
1 John 3:14	We know that we have passed from death unto life, because we love the brethren. He that loveth not his brother abideth in death.	
1 John 3:16	Hereby perceive we the love of God, because he laid down his life for us: and we ought to lay down our lives for the brethren.	
1 John 3:18	My little children, let us not love in word, neither in tongue; but in deed and in truth.	
1 John 3:22	And whatsoever we ask, we receive of him, because we keep his commandments, and do those things that are pleasing in his sight.	
1 John 3:4	Whosoever committeth sin transgresseth also the law: for sin is the transgression of the law.	
1 John 3:9	Whosoever is born of God doth not commit sin; for his seed remaineth in him: and he cannot sin, because he is born of God.	
1 John 4:11	Beloved, if God so loved us, we ought also to love one another.	
1 John 4:12	No man hath seen God at any time. If we love one another, God dwelleth in us, and his love is perfected in us.	
1 John 4:16	And we have known and believed the love that God hath to us. God is love; and he that dwelleth in love dwelleth in God, and God in him.	
1 John 4:17	Herein is our love made perfect, that we may have boldness in the day of judgment: because as he is, so are we in this world.	
1 John 4:20	If a man say, I love God, and hateth his brother, he is a liar: for he that loveth not his brother whom he hath seen, how can he love God whom he hath not seen?	
1 John 4:21	And this commandment have we from him, That he who loveth God love his brother also.	
1 John 4:5	They are of the world: therefore speak they of the world, and the world heareth them.	
1 John 5:13	These things have I written unto you that believe on the name of the Son of God; that ye may know that ye have eternal life, and that ye may believe on the name of the Son of God.	
1 John 5:5	Who is he that overcometh the world, but he that believeth that Jesus is the Son of God?	
1 John 5:7	For there are three that bear record in heaven, the Father, the Word, and the Holy Ghost: and these three are one.	
1 Kings 10:12	And the king made of the almug trees pillars for the house of the LORD, and for the king's house, harps also and psalteries for singers: there came no such almug trees, nor were seen unto this day.	
1 Kings 10:13	And king Solomon gave unto the queen of Sheba all her desire, whatsoever she asked, beside that which Solomon gave her of his royal bounty. So she turned and went to her own country, she and her servants.	
1 Kings 10:18	Moreover the king made a great throne of ivory, and overlaid it with the best gold.	
1 Kings 10:2	And she came to Jerusalem with a very great train, with camels that bare spices, and very much gold, and precious stones: and when she was come to Solomon, she communed with him of all that was in her heart.	
1 Kings 10:22	For the king had at sea a navy of Tharshish with the navy of Hiram: once in three years came the navy of Tharshish, bringing gold, and silver, ivory, and apes, and peacocks.	
1 Kings 10:25	And they brought every man his present, vessels of silver, and vessels of gold, and garments, and armor, and spices, horses, and mules, a rate year by year.	
1 Kings 10:26	And Solomon gathered together chariots and horsemen: and he had a thousand and four hundred chariots, and twelve thousand horsemen, whom he bestowed in the cities for chariots, and with the king at Jerusalem.	
1 Kings 10:27	And the king made silver to be in Jerusalem as stones, and cedars made he to be as the sycamore trees that are in the vale, for abundance.	
1 Kings 10:4	And when the queen of Sheba had seen all Solomon's wisdom, and the house that he had built,	
1 Kings 10:7	Howbeit I believed not the words, until I came, and mine eyes had seen it: and, behold, the half was not told me: thy wisdom and prosperity exceedeth the fame which I heard.	
1 Kings 11:2	Of the nations concerning which the LORD said unto the children of Israel, Ye shall not go in to them, neither shall they come in unto you: for surely they will turn away your heart after their gods: Solomon clave unto these in love.	
1 Kings 11:23	And God stirred him up another adversary, Rezon the son of Eliadah, which fled from his lord Hadadezer king of Zobah:	
1 Kings 11:25	And he was an adversary to Israel all the days of Solomon, beside the mischief that Hadad did: and he abhorred Israel, and reigned over Syria.	
1 Kings 11:27	And this was the cause that he lifted up his hand against the king: Solomon built Millo, and repaired the breaches of the city of David his father.	
1 Kings 11:29	And it came to pass at that time when Jeroboam went out of Jerusalem, that the prophet Ahijah the Shilonite found him in the way; and he had clad himself with a new garment; and they two were alone in the field:	
1 Kings 11:32	(But he shall have one tribe for my servant David's sake, and for Jerusalem's sake, the city which I have chosen out of all the tribes of Israel:)	
1 Kings 11:5	For Solomon went after Ashtoreth the goddess of the Zidonians, and after Milcom the abomination of the Ammonites.	
1 Kings 11:7	Then did Solomon build an high place for Chemosh, the abomination of Moab, in the hill that is before Jerusalem, and for Molech, the abomination of the children of Ammon.	
1 Kings 12:11	And now whereas my father did lade you with a heavy yoke, I will add to your yoke: my father hath chastised you with whips, but I will chastise you with scorpions.	
1 Kings 12:14	And spake to them after the counsel of the young men, saying, My father made your yoke heavy, and I will add to your yoke: my father also chastised you with whips, but I will chastise you with scorpions.	
1 Kings 12:18	Then king Rehoboam sent Adoram, who was over the tribute; and all Israel stoned him with stones, that he died. Therefore king Rehoboam made speed to get him up to his chariot, to flee to Jerusalem.	
1 Kings 12:19	So Israel rebelled against the house of David unto this day.	
1 Kings 12:21	And when Rehoboam was come to Jerusalem, he assembled all the house of Judah, with the tribe of Benjamin, an hundred and fourscore thousand chosen men, which were warriors, to fight against the house of Israel, to bring the kingdom again to Rehoboam the son of Solomon.	
1 Kings 12:22	But the word of God came unto Shemaiah the man of God, saying,	
1 Kings 12:23	Speak unto Rehoboam, the son of Solomon, king of Judah, and unto all the house of Judah and Benjamin, and to the remnant of the people, saying,	
1 Kings 12:27	If this people go up to do sacrifice in the house of the LORD at Jerusalem, then shall the heart of this people turn again unto their lord, even unto Rehoboam king of Judah, and they shall kill me, and go again to Rehoboam king of Judah.	
1 Kings 12:28	Whereupon the king took counsel, and made two calves of gold, and said unto them, It is too much for you to go up to Jerusalem: behold thy gods, O Israel, which brought thee up out of the land of Egypt.	
1 Kings 12:4	Thy father made our yoke grievous: now therefore make thou the grievous service of thy father, and his heavy yoke which he put upon us, lighter, and we will serve thee.	
1 Kings 12:8	But he forsook the counsel of the old men, which they had given him, and consulted with the young men that were grown up with him, and which stood before him:	
1 Kings 13:10	So he went another way, and returned not by the way that he came to Bethel.	
1 Kings 13:13	And he said unto his sons, Saddle me the ass. So they saddled him the ass: and he rode thereon,	
1 Kings 13:17	For it was said to me by the word of the LORD, Thou shalt eat no bread nor drink water there, nor turn again to go by the way that thou camest.	
1 Kings 13:18	He said unto him, I am a prophet also as thou art; and an angel spake unto me by the word of the LORD, saying, Bring him back with thee into thine house, that he may eat bread and drink water. But he lied unto him.	
1 Kings 13:19	So he went back with him, and did eat bread in his house, and drank water.	
1 Kings 13:2	And he cried against the altar in the word of the LORD, and said, O altar, altar, thus saith the LORD; Behold, a child shall be born unto the house of David, Josiah by name; and upon thee shall he offer the priests of the high places that burn incense upon thee, and men's bones shall be burnt upon thee.	
1 Kings 13:20	And it came to pass, as they sat at the table, that the word of the LORD came unto the prophet that brought him back:	
1 Kings 13:28	And he went and found his carcass cast in the way, and the ass and the lion standing by the carcass: the lion had not eaten the carcass, nor torn the ass.	
1 Kings 13:31	And it came to pass, after he had buried him, that he spake to his sons, saying, When I am dead, then bury me in the sepulchre wherein the man of God is buried; lay my bones beside his bones:	
1 Kings 13:33	After this thing Jeroboam returned not from his evil way, but made again of the lowest of the people priests of the high places: whosoever would, he consecrated him, and he became one of the priests of the high places.	
1 Kings 14:10	Therefore, behold, I will bring evil upon the house of Jeroboam, and will cut off from Jeroboam him that pisseth against the wall, and him that is shut up and left in Israel, and will take away the remnant of the house of Jeroboam, as a man taketh away dung, till it be all gone.	
1 Kings 14:11	Him that dieth of Jeroboam in the city shall the dogs eat; and him that dieth in the field shall the fowls of the air eat: for the LORD hath spoken it.	
1 Kings 14:14	Moreover the LORD shall raise him up a king over Israel, who shall cut off the house of Jeroboam that day: but what? even now.	
1 Kings 14:26	And he took away the treasures of the house of the LORD, and the treasures of the king's house; he even took away all: and he took away all the shields of gold which Solomon had made.	
1 Kings 14:30	And there was war between Rehoboam and Jeroboam all their days.	
1 Kings 14:5	And the LORD said unto Ahijah, Behold, the wife of Jeroboam cometh to ask a thing of thee for her son; for he is sick: thus and thus shalt thou say unto her: for it shall be, when she cometh in, that she shall feign herself to be another woman.	
1 Kings 14:8	And rent the kingdom away from the house of David, and gave it thee: and yet thou hast not been as my servant David, who kept my commandments, and who followed me with all his heart, to do that only which was right in mine eyes;	
1 Kings 15:12	And he took away the sodomites out of the land, and removed all the idols that his fathers had made.	
1 Kings 15:13	And also Maachah his mother, even her he removed from being queen, because she had made an idol in a grove; and Asa destroyed her idol, and burnt it by the brook Kidron.	
1 Kings 15:15	And he brought in the things which his father had dedicated, and the things which himself had dedicated, into the house of the LORD, silver, and gold, and vessels.	
1 Kings 15:16	And there was war between Asa and Baasha king of Israel all their days.	
1 Kings 15:17	And Baasha king of Israel went up against Judah, and built Ramah, that he might not suffer any to go out or come in to Asa king of Judah.	
1 Kings 15:23	The rest of all the acts of Asa, and all his might, and all that he did, and the cities which he built, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah? Nevertheless in the time of his old age he was diseased in his feet.	
1 Kings 15:6	And there was war between Rehoboam and Jeroboam all the days of his life.	
1 Kings 15:8	And Abijam slept with his fathers; and they buried him in the city of David: and Asa his son reigned in his stead.	
1 Kings 16:2	Forasmuch as I exalted thee out of the dust, and made thee prince over my people Israel; and thou hast walked in the way of Jeroboam, and hast made my people Israel to sin, to provoke me to anger with their sins;	
1 Kings 16:20	Now the rest of the acts of Zimri, and his treason that he wrought, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?	
1 Kings 16:21	Then were the people of Israel divided into two parts: half of the people followed Tibni the son of Ginath, to make him king; and half followed Omri.	
1 Kings 16:23	In the thirty and first year of Asa king of Judah began Omri to reign over Israel, twelve years: six years reigned he in Tirzah.	
1 Kings 16:29	And in the thirty and eighth year of Asa king of Judah began Ahab the son of Omri to reign over Israel: and Ahab the son of Omri reigned over Israel in Samaria twenty and two years.	
1 Kings 16:31	And it came to pass, as if it had been a light thing for him to walk in the sins of Jeroboam the son of Nebat, that he took to wife Jezebel the daughter of Ethbaal king of the Zidonians, and went and served Baal, and worshipped him.	
1 Kings 16:4	Him that dieth of Baasha in the city shall the dogs eat; and him that dieth of his in the fields shall the fowls of the air eat.	
1 Kings 17:10	So he arose and went to Zarephath. And when he came to the gate of the city, behold, the widow woman was there gathering of sticks: and he called to her, and said, Fetch me, I pray thee, a little water in a vessel, that I may drink.	
1 Kings 17:11	And as she was going to fetch it, he called to her, and said, Bring me, I pray thee, a morsel of bread in thine hand.	
1 Kings 17:13	And Elijah said unto her, Fear not; go and do as thou hast said: but make me thereof a little cake first, and bring it unto me, and after make for thee and for thy son.	
1 Kings 17:14	For thus saith the LORD God of Israel, The barrel of meal shall not waste, neither shall the cruse of oil fail, until the day that the LORD sendeth rain upon the earth.	
1 Kings 17:16	And the barrel of meal wasted not, neither did the cruse of oil fail, according to the word of the LORD, which he spake by Elijah.	
1 Kings 17:23	And Elijah took the child, and brought him down out of the chamber into the house, and delivered him unto his mother: and Elijah said, See, thy son liveth.	
1 Kings 18:11	And now thou sayest, Go, tell thy lord, Behold, Elijah is here.	
1 Kings 18:13	Was it not told my lord what I did when Jezebel slew the prophets of the LORD, how I hid an hundred men of the LORD's prophets by fifty in a cave, and fed them with bread and water?	
1 Kings 18:14	And now thou sayest, Go, tell thy lord, Behold, Elijah is here: and he shall slay me.	
1 Kings 18:24	And call ye on the name of your gods, and I will call on the name of the LORD: and the God that answereth by fire, let him be God. And all the people answered and said, It is well spoken.	
1 Kings 18:25	And Elijah said unto the prophets of Baal, Choose you one bullock for yourselves, and dress it first; for ye are many; and call on the name of your gods, but put no fire under.	
1 Kings 18:26	And they took the bullock which was given them, and they dressed it, and called on the name of Baal from morning even until noon, saying, O Baal, hear us. But there was no voice, nor any that answered. And they leaped upon the altar which was made.	
1 Kings 18:27	And it came to pass at noon, that Elijah mocked them, and said, Cry aloud: for he is a god; either he is talking, or he is pursuing, or he is in a journey, or peradventure he sleepeth, and must be awaked.	
1 Kings 18:29	And it came to pass, when midday was past, and they prophesied until the time of the offering of the evening sacrifice, that there was neither voice, nor any to answer, nor any that regarded.	
1 Kings 18:3	And Ahab called Obadiah, which was the governor of his house. (Now Obadiah feared the LORD greatly:	
1 Kings 18:32	And with the stones he built an altar in the name of the LORD: and he made a trench about the altar, as great as would contain two measures of seed.	
1 Kings 18:35	And the water ran round about the altar; and he filled the trench also with water.	
1 Kings 18:44	And it came to pass at the seventh time, that he said, Behold, there ariseth a little cloud out of the sea, like a man's hand. And he said, Go up, say unto Ahab, Prepare thy chariot, and get thee down that the rain stop thee not.	
1 Kings 18:8	And he answered him, I am: go, tell thy lord, Behold, Elijah is here.	
1 Kings 19:13	And it was so, when Elijah heard it, that he wrapped his face in his mantle, and went out, and stood in the entering in of the cave. And, behold, there came a voice unto him, and said, What doest thou here, Elijah?	
1 Kings 19:17	And it shall come to pass, that him that escapeth the sword of Hazael shall Jehu slay: and him that escapeth from the sword of Jehu shall Elisha slay.	
1 Kings 19:20	And he left the oxen, and ran after Elijah, and said, Let me, I pray thee, kiss my father and my mother, and then I will follow thee. And he said unto him, Go back again: for what have I done to thee?	
1 Kings 19:21	And he returned back from him, and took a yoke of oxen, and slew them, and boiled their flesh with the instruments of the oxen, and gave unto the people, and they did eat. Then he arose, and went after Elijah, and ministered unto him.	
1 Kings 19:7	And the angel of the LORD came again the second time, and touched him, and said, Arise and eat; because the journey is too great for thee.	
1 Kings 1:16	And Bathsheba bowed, and did obeisance unto the king. And the king said, What wouldest thou?	
1 Kings 1:17	And she said unto him, My lord, thou swarest by the LORD thy God unto thine handmaid, saying, Assuredly Solomon thy son shall reign after me, and he shall sit upon my throne.	
1 Kings 1:21	Otherwise it shall come to pass, when my lord the king shall sleep with his fathers, that I and my son Solomon shall be counted offenders.	
1 Kings 1:27	Is this thing done by my lord the king, and thou hast not showed it unto thy servant, who should sit on the throne of my lord the king after him?	
1 Kings 1:28	Then king David answered and said, Call me Bathsheba. And she came into the king's presence, and stood before the king.	
1 Kings 1:3	So they sought for a fair damsel throughout all the coasts of Israel, and found Abishag a Shunammite, and brought her to the king.	
1 Kings 1:31	Then Bathsheba bowed with her face to the earth, and did reverence to the king, and said, Let my lord king David live for ever.	
1 Kings 1:35	Then ye shall come up after him, that he may come and sit upon my throne; for he shall be king in my stead: and I have appointed him to be ruler over Israel and over Judah.	
1 Kings 1:36	And Benaiah the son of Jehoiada answered the king, and said, Amen: the LORD God of my lord the king say so too.	
1 Kings 1:40	And all the people came up after him, and the people piped with pipes, and rejoiced with great joy, so that the earth rent with the sound of them.	
1 Kings 1:43	And Jonathan answered and said to Adonijah, Verily our lord king David hath made Solomon king.	
1 Kings 1:44	And the king hath sent with him Zadok the priest, and Nathan the prophet, and Benaiah the son of Jehoiada, and the Cherethites, and the Pelethites, and they have caused him to ride upon the king's mule:	
1 Kings 1:45	And Zadok the priest and Nathan the prophet have anointed him king in Gihon: and they are come up from thence rejoicing, so that the city rang again. This is the noise that ye have heard.	
1 Kings 1:53	So king Solomon sent, and they brought him down from the altar. And he came and bowed himself to king Solomon: and Solomon said unto him, Go to thine house.	
1 Kings 1:7	And he conferred with Joab the son of Zeruiah, and with Abiathar the priest: and they following Adonijah helped him.	
1 Kings 20:19	So these young men of the princes of the provinces came out of the city, and the army which followed them.	
1 Kings 20:2	And he sent messengers to Ahab king of Israel into the city, and said unto him, Thus saith Benhadad,	
1 Kings 20:26	And it came to pass at the return of the year, that Benhadad numbered the Syrians, and went up to Aphek, to fight against Israel.	
1 Kings 20:30	But the rest fled to Aphek, into the city; and there a wall fell upon twenty and seven thousand of the men that were left. And Benhadad fled, and came into the city, into an inner chamber.	
1 Kings 20:31	And his servants said unto him, Behold now, we have heard that the kings of the house of Israel are merciful kings: let us, I pray thee, put sackcloth on our loins, and ropes upon our heads, and go out to the king of Israel: peradventure he will save thy life.	
1 Kings 20:34	And Ben-hadad said unto him, The cities, which my father took from thy father, I will restore; and thou shalt make streets for thee in Damascus, as my father made in Samaria. Then said Ahab, I will send thee away with this covenant. So he made a covenant with him, and sent him away.	
1 Kings 20:5	And the messengers came again, and said, Thus speaketh Benhadad, saying, Although I have sent unto thee, saying, Thou shalt deliver me thy silver, and thy gold, and thy wives, and thy children;	
1 Kings 20:9	Wherefore he said unto the messengers of Benhadad, Tell my lord the king, All that thou didst send for to thy servant at the first I will do: but this thing I may not do. And the messengers departed, and brought him word again.	
1 Kings 21:10	And set two men, sons of Belial, before him, to bear witness against him, saying, Thou didst blaspheme God and the king. And then carry him out, and stone him, that he may die.	
1 Kings 21:12	They proclaimed a fast, and set Naboth on high among the people.	
1 Kings 21:13	And there came in two men, children of Belial, and sat before him: and the men of Belial witnessed against him, even against Naboth, in the presence of the people, saying, Naboth did blaspheme God and the king. Then they carried him forth out of the city, and stoned him with stones, that he died.	
1 Kings 21:20	And Ahab said to Elijah, Hast thou found me, O mine enemy? And he answered, I have found thee: because thou hast sold thyself to work evil in the sight of the LORD.	
1 Kings 21:24	Him that dieth of Ahab in the city the dogs shall eat; and him that dieth in the field shall the fowls of the air eat.	
1 Kings 21:27	And it came to pass, when Ahab heard those words, that he rent his clothes, and put sackcloth upon his flesh, and fasted, and lay in sackcloth, and went softly.	
1 Kings 21:3	And Naboth said to Ahab, The LORD forbid it me, that I should give the inheritance of my fathers unto thee.	
1 Kings 21:4	And Ahab came into his house heavy and displeased because of the word which Naboth the Jezreelite had spoken to him: for he had said, I will not give thee the inheritance of my fathers. And he laid him down upon his bed, and turned away his face, and would eat no bread.	
1 Kings 21:5	But Jezebel his wife came to him, and said unto him, Why is thy spirit so sad, that thou eatest no bread?	
1 Kings 22:15	So he came to the king. And the king said unto him, Micaiah, shall we go against Ramothgilead to battle, or shall we forbear? And he answered him, Go, and prosper: for the LORD shall deliver it into the hand of the king.	
1 Kings 22:19	And he said, Hear thou therefore the word of the LORD: I saw the LORD sitting on his throne, and all the host of heaven standing by him on his right hand and on his left.	
1 Kings 22:22	And the LORD said unto him, Wherewith? And he said, I will go forth, and I will be a lying spirit in the mouth of all his prophets. And he said, Thou shalt persuade him, and prevail also: go forth, and do so.	
1 Kings 22:25	And Micaiah said, Behold, thou shalt see in that day, when thou shalt go into an inner chamber to hide thyself.	
1 Kings 22:34	And a certain man drew a bow at a venture, and smote the king of Israel between the joints of the harness: wherefore he said unto the driver of his chariot, Turn thine hand, and carry me out of the host; for I am wounded.	
1 Kings 22:39	Now the rest of the acts of Ahab, and all that he did, and the ivory house which he made, and all the cities that he built, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?	
1 Kings 22:4	And he said unto Jehoshaphat, Wilt thou go with me to battle to Ramothgilead? And Jehoshaphat said to the king of Israel, I am as thou art, my people as thy people, my horses as thy horses.	
1 Kings 22:40	So Ahab slept with his fathers; and Ahaziah his son reigned in his stead.	
1 Kings 22:43	And he walked in all the ways of Asa his father; he turned not aside from it, doing that which was right in the eyes of the LORD: nevertheless the high places were not taken away; for the people offered and burnt incense yet in the high places.	
1 Kings 22:5	And Jehoshaphat said unto the king of Israel, Enquire, I pray thee, at the word of the LORD to day.	
1 Kings 22:53	For he served Baal, and worshipped him, and provoked to anger the LORD God of Israel, according to all that his father had done.	
1 Kings 22:6	Then the king of Israel gathered the prophets together, about four hundred men, and said unto them, Shall I go against Ramothgilead to battle, or shall I forbear? And they said, Go up; for the LORD shall deliver it into the hand of the king.	
1 Kings 22:7	And Jehoshaphat said, Is there not here a prophet of the LORD besides, that we might enquire of him?	
1 Kings 22:9	Then the king of Israel called an officer, and said, Hasten hither Micaiah the son of Imlah.	
1 Kings 2:12	Then sat Solomon upon the throne of David his father; and his kingdom was established greatly.	
1 Kings 2:13	And Adonijah the son of Haggith came to Bathsheba the mother of Solomon. And she said, Comest thou peaceably? And he said, Peaceably.	
1 Kings 2:20	Then she said, I desire one small petition of thee; I pray thee, say me not nay. And the king said unto her, Ask on, my mother: for I will not say thee nay.	
1 Kings 2:21	And she said, Let Abishag the Shunammite be given to Adonijah thy brother to wife.	
1 Kings 2:22	And king Solomon answered and said unto his mother, And why dost thou ask Abishag the Shunammite for Adonijah? ask for him the kingdom also; for he is mine elder brother; even for him, and for Abiathar the priest, and for Joab the son of Zeruiah.	
1 Kings 2:28	Then tidings came to Joab: for Joab had turned after Adonijah, though he turned not after Absalom. And Joab fled unto the tabernacle of the LORD, and caught hold on the horns of the altar.	
1 Kings 2:39	And it came to pass at the end of three years, that two of the servants of Shimei ran away unto Achish son of Maachah king of Gath. And they told Shimei, saying, Behold, thy servants be in Gath.	
1 Kings 2:4	That the LORD may continue his word which he spake concerning me, saying, If thy children take heed to their way, to walk before me in truth with all their heart and with all their soul, there shall not fail thee (said he) a man on the throne of Israel.	
1 Kings 2:40	And Shimei arose, and saddled his ass, and went to Gath to Achish to seek his servants: and Shimei went, and brought his servants from Gath.	
1 Kings 2:41	And it was told Solomon that Shimei had gone from Jerusalem to Gath, and was come again.	
1 Kings 2:44	The king said moreover to Shimei, Thou knowest all the wickedness which thine heart is privy to, that thou didst to David my father: therefore the LORD shall return thy wickedness upon thine own head;	
1 Kings 2:6	Do therefore according to thy wisdom, and let not his hoar head go down to the grave in peace.	
1 Kings 3:1	And Solomon made affinity with Pharaoh king of Egypt, and took Pharaoh's daughter, and brought her into the city of David, until he had made an end of building his own house, and the house of the LORD, and the wall of Jerusalem round about.	
1 Kings 3:20	And she arose at midnight, and took my son from beside me, while thine handmaid slept, and laid it in her bosom, and laid her dead child in my bosom.	
1 Kings 3:25	And the king said, Divide the living child in two, and give half to the one, and half to the other.	
1 Kings 3:3	And Solomon loved the LORD, walking in the statutes of David his father: only he sacrificed and burnt incense in high places.	
1 Kings 4:10	The son of Hesed, in Aruboth; to him pertained Sochoh, and all the land of Hepher:	
1 Kings 4:11	The son of Abinadab, in all the region of Dor; which had Taphath the daughter of Solomon to wife:	
1 Kings 4:15	Ahimaaz was in Naphtali; he also took Basmath the daughter of Solomon to wife:	
1 Kings 4:16	Baanah the son of Hushai was in Asher and in Aloth:	
1 Kings 4:17	Jehoshaphat the son of Paruah, in Issachar:	
1 Kings 4:23	Ten fat oxen, and twenty oxen out of the pastures, and an hundred sheep, beside harts, and roebucks, and fallowdeer, and fatted fowl.	
1 Kings 4:27	And those officers provided victual for king Solomon, and for all that came unto king Solomon's table, every man in his month: they lacked nothing.	
1 Kings 4:28	Barley also and straw for the horses and dromedaries brought they unto the place where the officers were, every man according to his charge.	
1 Kings 4:3	Elihoreph and Ahiah, the sons of Shisha, scribes; Jehoshaphat the son of Ahilud, the recorder.	
1 Kings 4:30	And Solomon's wisdom excelled the wisdom of all the children of the east country, and all the wisdom of Egypt.	
1 Kings 4:34	And there came of all people to hear the wisdom of Solomon, from all kings of the earth, which had heard of his wisdom.	
1 Kings 4:6	And Ahishar was over the household: and Adoniram the son of Abda was over the tribute.	
1 Kings 4:7	And Solomon had twelve officers over all Israel, which provided victuals for the king and his household: each man his month in a year made provision.	
1 Kings 4:8	And these are their names: The son of Hur, in mount Ephraim:	
1 Kings 4:9	The son of Dekar, in Makaz, and in Shaalbim, and Bethshemesh, and Elonbethhanan:	
1 Kings 5:11	And Solomon gave Hiram twenty thousand measures of wheat for food to his household, and twenty measures of pure oil: thus gave Solomon to Hiram year by year.	
1 Kings 6:13	And I will dwell among the children of Israel, and will not forsake my people Israel.	
1 Kings 6:14	So Solomon built the house, and finished it.	
1 Kings 6:2	And the house which king Solomon built for the LORD, the length thereof was threescore cubits, and the breadth thereof twenty cubits, and the height thereof thirty cubits.	
1 Kings 6:20	And the oracle in the forepart was twenty cubits in length, and twenty cubits in breadth, and twenty cubits in the height thereof: and he overlaid it with pure gold; and so covered the altar which was of cedar.	
1 Kings 6:23	And within the oracle he made two cherubim of olive tree, each ten cubits high.	
1 Kings 6:26	The height of the one cherub was ten cubits, and so was it of the other cherub.	
1 Kings 6:29	And he carved all the walls of the house round about with carved figures of cherubim and palm trees and open flowers, within and without.	
1 Kings 6:33	So also made he for the door of the temple posts of olive tree, a fourth part of the wall.	
1 Kings 6:4	And for the house he made windows of narrow lights.	
1 Kings 6:5	And against the wall of the house he built chambers round about, against the walls of the house round about, both of the temple and of the oracle: and he made chambers round about:	
1 Kings 6:7	And the house, when it was in building, was built of stone made ready before it was brought thither: so that there was neither hammer nor axe nor any tool of iron heard in the house, while it was in building.	
1 Kings 7:1	But Solomon was building his own house thirteen years, and he finished all his house.	
1 Kings 7:10	And the foundation was of costly stones, even great stones, stones of ten cubits, and stones of eight cubits.	
1 Kings 7:11	And above were costly stones, after the measures of hewed stones, and cedars.	
1 Kings 7:12	And the great court round about was with three rows of hewed stones, and a row of cedar beams, both for the inner court of the house of the LORD, and for the porch of the house.	
1 Kings 7:16	And he made two chapiters of molten brass, to set upon the tops of the pillars: the height of the one chapiter was five cubits, and the height of the other chapiter was five cubits:	
1 Kings 7:17	And nets of checker work, and wreaths of chain work, for the chapiters which were upon the top of the pillars; seven for the one chapiter, and seven for the other chapiter.	
1 Kings 7:24	And under the brim of it round about there were knops compassing it, ten in a cubit, compassing the sea round about: the knops were cast in two rows, when it was cast.	
1 Kings 7:25	It stood upon twelve oxen, three looking toward the north, and three looking toward the west, and three looking toward the south, and three looking toward the east: and the sea was set above upon them, and all their hinder parts were inward.	
1 Kings 7:31	And the mouth of it within the chapiter and above was a cubit: but the mouth thereof was round after the work of the base, a cubit and an half: and also upon the mouth of it were gravings with their borders, foursquare, not round.	
1 Kings 7:34	And there were four undersetters to the four corners of one base: and the undersetters were of the very base itself.	
1 Kings 7:36	For on the plates of the ledges thereof, and on the borders thereof, he graved cherubim, lions, and palm trees, according to the proportion of every one, and additions round about.	
1 Kings 7:48	And Solomon made all the vessels that pertained unto the house of the LORD: the altar of gold, and the table of gold, whereupon the shewbread was,	
1 Kings 7:5	And all the doors and posts were square, with the windows: and light was against light in three ranks.	
1 Kings 7:7	Then he made a porch for the throne where he might judge, even the porch of judgment: and it was covered with cedar from one side of the floor to the other.	
1 Kings 8:10	And it came to pass, when the priests were come out of the holy place, that the cloud filled the house of the LORD,	
1 Kings 8:12	Then spake Solomon, The LORD said that he would dwell in the thick darkness.	
1 Kings 8:17	And it was in the heart of David my father to build an house for the name of the LORD God of Israel.	
1 Kings 8:23	And he said, LORD God of Israel, there is no God like thee, in heaven above, or on earth beneath, who keepest covenant and mercy with thy servants that walk before thee with all their heart:	
1 Kings 8:25	Therefore now, LORD God of Israel, keep with thy servant David my father that thou promisedst him, saying, There shall not fail thee a man in my sight to sit on the throne of Israel; so that thy children take heed to their way, that they walk before me as thou hast walked before me.	
1 Kings 8:27	But will God indeed dwell on the earth? behold, the heaven and heaven of heavens cannot contain thee; how much less this house that I have builded?	
1 Kings 8:3	And all the elders of Israel came, and the priests took up the ark.	
1 Kings 8:38	What prayer and supplication soever be made by any man, or by all thy people Israel, which shall know every man the plague of his own heart, and spread forth his hands toward this house:	
1 Kings 8:4	And they brought up the ark of the LORD, and the tabernacle of the congregation, and all the holy vessels that were in the tabernacle, even those did the priests and the Levites bring up.	
1 Kings 8:44	If thy people go out to battle against their enemy, whithersoever thou shalt send them, and shall pray unto the LORD toward the city which thou hast chosen, and toward the house that I have built for thy name:	
1 Kings 8:46	If they sin against thee, (for there is no man that sinneth not,) and thou be angry with them, and deliver them to the enemy, so that they carry them away captives unto the land of the enemy, far or near;	
1 Kings 8:51	For they be thy people, and thine inheritance, which thou broughtest forth out of Egypt, from the midst of the furnace of iron:	
1 Kings 8:53	For thou didst separate them from among all the people of the earth, to be thine inheritance, as thou spakest by the hand of Moses thy servant, when thou broughtest our fathers out of Egypt, O LORD God.	
1 Kings 8:55	And he stood, and blessed all the congregation of Israel with a loud voice, saying,	
1 Kings 8:57	The LORD our God be with us, as he was with our fathers: let him not leave us, nor forsake us:	
1 Kings 8:65	And at that time Solomon held a feast, and all Israel with him, a great congregation, from the entering in of Hamath unto the river of Egypt, before the LORD our God, seven days and seven days, even fourteen days.	
1 Kings 9:1	And it came to pass, when Solomon had finished the building of the house of the LORD, and the king's house, and all Solomon's desire which he was pleased to do,	
1 Kings 9:11	(Now Hiram the king of Tyre had furnished Solomon with cedar trees and fir trees, and with gold, according to all his desire,) that then king Solomon gave Hiram twenty cities in the land of Galilee.	
1 Kings 9:25	And three times in a year did Solomon offer burnt offerings and peace offerings upon the altar which he built unto the LORD, and he burnt incense upon the altar that was before the LORD. So he finished the house.	
1 Kings 9:28	And they came to Ophir, and fetched from thence gold, four hundred and twenty talents, and brought it to king Solomon.	
1 Kings 9:9	And they shall answer, Because they forsook the LORD their God, who brought forth their fathers out of the land of Egypt, and have taken hold upon other gods, and have worshipped them, and served them: therefore hath the LORD brought upon them all this evil.	
1 Peter 1:2	Elect according to the foreknowledge of God the Father, through sanctification of the Spirit, unto obedience and sprinkling of the blood of Jesus Christ: Grace unto you, and peace, be multiplied.	
1 Peter 1:20	Who verily was foreordained before the foundation of the world, but was manifest in these last times for you,	
1 Peter 2:2	As newborn babes, desire the sincere milk of the word, that ye may grow thereby:	
1 Peter 2:24	Who his own self bare our sins in his own body on the tree, that we, being dead to sins, should live unto righteousness: by whose stripes ye were healed.	
1 Peter 2:25	For ye were as sheep going astray; but are now returned unto the Shepherd and Bishop of your souls.	
1 Peter 2:4	To whom coming, as unto a living stone, disallowed indeed of men, but chosen of God, and precious,	
1 Peter 2:7	Unto you therefore which believe he is precious: but unto them which be disobedient, the stone which the builders disallowed, the same is made the head of the corner,	
1 Peter 2:8	And a stone of stumbling, and a rock of offence, even to them which stumble at the word, being disobedient: whereunto also they were appointed.	
1 Peter 3:1	Likewise, ye wives, be in subjection to your own husbands; that, if any obey not the word, they also may without the word be won by the conversation of the wives;	
1 Peter 3:12	For the eyes of the Lord are over the righteous, and his ears are open unto their prayers: but the face of the Lord is against them that do evil.	
1 Peter 3:15	But sanctify the Lord God in your hearts: and be ready always to give an answer to every man that asketh you a reason of the hope that is in you with meekness and fear:	
1 Peter 3:18	For Christ also hath once suffered for sins, the just for the unjust, that he might bring us to God, being put to death in the flesh, but quickened by the Spirit:	
1 Peter 3:7	Likewise, ye husbands, dwell with them according to knowledge, giving honour unto the wife, as unto the weaker vessel, and as being heirs together of the grace of life; that your prayers be not hindered.	
1 Peter 4:1	Forasmuch then as Christ hath suffered for us in the flesh, arm yourselves likewise with the same mind: for he that hath suffered in the flesh hath ceased from sin;	
1 Peter 4:14	If ye be reproached for the name of Christ, happy are ye; for the spirit of glory and of God resteth upon you: on their part he is evil spoken of, but on your part he is glorified.	
1 Peter 4:3	For the time past of our life may suffice us to have wrought the will of the Gentiles, when we walked in lasciviousness, lusts, excess of wine, revellings, banquetings, and abominable idolatries:	
1 Peter 4:8	And above all things have fervent charity among yourselves: for charity shall cover the multitude of sins.	
1 Peter 4:9	Use hospitality one to another without grudging.	
1 Peter 5:10	But the God of all grace, who hath called us unto his eternal glory by Christ Jesus, after that ye have suffered a while, make you perfect, stablish, strengthen, settle you.	
1 Peter 5:11	To him be glory and dominion for ever and ever. Amen.	
1 Peter 5:2	Feed the flock of God which is among you, taking the oversight thereof, not by constraint, but willingly; not for filthy lucre, but of a ready mind;	
1 Peter 5:4	And when the chief Shepherd shall appear, ye shall receive a crown of glory that fadeth not away.	
1 Samuel 10:21	When he had caused the tribe of Benjamin to come near by their families, the family of Matri was taken, and Saul the son of Kish was taken: and when they sought him, he could not be found.	
1 Samuel 10:23	And they ran and fetched him thence: and when he stood among the people, he was higher than any of the people from his shoulders and upward.	
1 Samuel 10:5	After that thou shalt come to the hill of God, where is the garrison of the Philistines: and it shall come to pass, when thou art come thither to the city, that thou shalt meet a company of prophets coming down from the high place with a psaltery, and a tabret, and a pipe, and a harp, before them; and they shall prophesy:	
1 Samuel 11:14	Then said Samuel to the people, Come, and let us go to Gilgal, and renew the kingdom there.	
1 Samuel 11:15	And all the people went to Gilgal; and there they made Saul king before the LORD in Gilgal; and there they sacrificed sacrifices of peace offerings before the LORD; and there Saul and all the men of Israel rejoiced greatly.	
1 Samuel 11:5	And, behold, Saul came after the herd out of the field; and Saul said, What aileth the people that they weep? And they told him the tidings of the men of Jabesh.	
1 Samuel 12:17	Is it not wheat harvest to day? I will call unto the LORD, and he shall send thunder and rain; that ye may perceive and see that your wickedness is great, which ye have done in the sight of the LORD, in asking you a king.	
1 Samuel 12:20	And Samuel said unto the people, Fear not: ye have done all this wickedness: yet turn not aside from following the LORD, but serve the LORD with all your heart;	
1 Samuel 12:25	But if ye shall still do wickedly, ye shall be consumed, both ye and your king.	
1 Samuel 12:9	And when they forgat the LORD their God, he sold them into the hand of Sisera, captain of the host of Hazor, and into the hand of the Philistines, and into the hand of the king of Moab, and they fought against them.	
1 Samuel 13:11	And Samuel said, What hast thou done? And Saul said, Because I saw that the people were scattered from me, and that thou camest not within the days appointed, and that the Philistines gathered themselves together at Michmash;	
1 Samuel 13:12	Therefore said I, The Philistines will come down now upon me to Gilgal, and I have not made supplication unto the LORD: I forced myself therefore, and offered a burnt offering.	
1 Samuel 13:16	And Saul, and Jonathan his son, and the people that were present with them, abode in Gibeah of Benjamin: but the Philistines encamped in Michmash.	
1 Samuel 13:9	And Saul said, Bring hither a burnt offering to me, and peace offerings. And he offered the burnt offering.	
1 Samuel 14:19	And it came to pass, while Saul talked unto the priest, that the noise that was in the host of the Philistines went on and increased: and Saul said unto the priest, Withdraw thine hand.	
1 Samuel 14:32	And the people flew upon the spoil, and took sheep, and oxen, and calves, and slew them on the ground: and the people did eat them with the blood.	
1 Samuel 14:37	And Saul asked counsel of God, Shall I go down after the Philistines? wilt thou deliver them into the hand of Israel? But he answered him not that day.	
1 Samuel 14:5	The forefront of the one was situate northward over against Michmash, and the other southward over against Gibeah.	
1 Samuel 14:51	And Kish was the father of Saul; and Ner the father of Abner was the son of Abiel.	
1 Samuel 14:52	And there was sore war against the Philistines all the days of Saul: and when Saul saw any strong man, or any valiant man, he took him unto him.	
1 Samuel 14:7	And his armourbearer said unto him, Do all that is in thine heart: turn thee; behold, I am with thee according to thy heart.	
1 Samuel 14:8	Then said Jonathan, Behold, we will pass over unto these men, and we will discover ourselves unto them.	
1 Samuel 15:1	Samuel also said unto Saul, The LORD sent me to anoint thee to be king over his people, over Israel: now therefore hearken thou unto the voice of the words of the LORD.	
1 Samuel 15:10	Then came the word of the LORD unto Samuel, saying,	
1 Samuel 15:11	It repenteth me that I have set up Saul to be king: for he is turned back from following me, and hath not performed my commandments. And it grieved Samuel; and he cried unto the LORD all night.	
1 Samuel 15:23	For rebellion is as the sin of witchcraft, and stubbornness is as iniquity and idolatry. Because thou hast rejected the word of the LORD, he hath also rejected thee from being king.	
1 Samuel 15:27	And as Samuel turned about to go away, he laid hold upon the skirt of his mantle, and it rent.	
1 Samuel 15:7	And Saul smote the Amalekites from Havilah until thou comest to Shur, that is over against Egypt.	
1 Samuel 15:9	But Saul and the people spared Agag, and the best of the sheep, and of the oxen, and of the fatlings, and the lambs, and all that was good, and would not utterly destroy them: but every thing that was vile and refuse, that they destroyed utterly.	
1 Samuel 16:10	Again, Jesse made seven of his sons to pass before Samuel. And Samuel said unto Jesse, The LORD hath not chosen these.	
1 Samuel 16:12	And he sent, and brought him in. Now he was ruddy, and withal of a beautiful countenance, and goodly to look to. And the LORD said, Arise, anoint him: for this is he.	
1 Samuel 16:13	Then Samuel took the horn of oil, and anointed him in the midst of his brethren: and the Spirit of the LORD came upon David from that day forward. So Samuel rose up, and went to Ramah.	
1 Samuel 16:14	But the Spirit of the LORD departed from Saul, and an evil spirit from the LORD troubled him.	
1 Samuel 16:22	And Saul sent to Jesse, saying, Let David, I pray thee, stand before me; for he hath found favor in my sight.	
1 Samuel 16:4	And Samuel did that which the LORD spake, and came to Bethlehem. And the elders of the town trembled at his coming, and said, Comest thou peaceably?	
1 Samuel 17:10	And the Philistine said, I defy the armies of Israel this day; give me a man, that we may fight together.	
1 Samuel 17:19	Now Saul, and they, and all the men of Israel, were in the valley of Elah, fighting with the Philistines.	
1 Samuel 17:20	And David rose up early in the morning, and left the sheep with a keeper, and took, and went, as Jesse had commanded him; and he came to the trench, as the host was going forth to the fight, and shouted for the battle.	
1 Samuel 17:25	And the men of Israel said, Have ye seen this man that is come up? surely to defy Israel is he come up: and it shall be, that the man who killeth him, the king will enrich him with great riches, and will give him his daughter, and make his father's house free in Israel.	
1 Samuel 17:33	And Saul said to David, Thou art not able to go against this Philistine to fight with him: for thou art but a youth, and he a man of war from his youth.	
1 Samuel 17:37	David said moreover, The LORD that delivered me out of the paw of the lion, and out of the paw of the bear, he will deliver me out of the hand of this Philistine. And Saul said unto David, Go, and the LORD be with thee.	
1 Samuel 17:4	And there went out a champion out of the camp of the Philistines, named Goliath, of Gath, whose height was six cubits and a span.	
1 Samuel 17:43	And the Philistine said unto David, Am I a dog, that thou comest to me with staves? And the Philistine cursed David by his gods.	
1 Samuel 17:47	And all this assembly shall know that the LORD saveth not with sword and spear: for the battle is the LORD's, and he will give you into our hands.	
1 Samuel 17:48	And it came to pass, when the Philistine arose, and came, and drew nigh to meet David, that David hastened, and ran toward the army to meet the Philistine.	
1 Samuel 17:49	And David put his hand in his bag, and took thence a stone, and slang it, and smote the Philistine in his forehead, that the stone sunk into his forehead; and he fell upon his face to the earth.	
1 Samuel 17:5	And he had an helmet of brass upon his head, and he was armed with a coat of mail; and the weight of the coat was five thousand shekels of brass.	
1 Samuel 17:53	And the children of Israel returned from chasing after the Philistines, and they spoiled their tents.	
1 Samuel 17:54	And David took the head of the Philistine, and brought it to Jerusalem; but he put his armor in his tent.	
1 Samuel 17:57	And as David returned from the slaughter of the Philistine, Abner took him, and brought him before Saul with the head of the Philistine in his hand.	
1 Samuel 17:9	If he be able to fight with me, and to kill me, then will we be your servants: but if I prevail against him, and kill him, then shall ye be our servants, and serve us.	
1 Samuel 18:12	And Saul was afraid of David, because the LORD was with him, and was departed from Saul.	
1 Samuel 18:15	Wherefore when Saul saw that he behaved himself very wisely, he was afraid of him.	
1 Samuel 18:20	And Michal Saul's daughter loved David: and they told Saul, and the thing pleased him.	
1 Samuel 18:21	And Saul said, I will give him her, that she may be a snare to him, and that the hand of the Philistines may be against him. Wherefore Saul said to David, Thou shalt this day be my son in law in the one of the twain.	
1 Samuel 18:5	And David went out whithersoever Saul sent him, and behaved himself wisely: and Saul set him over the men of war, and he was accepted in the sight of all the people, and also in the sight of Saul's servants.	
1 Samuel 18:8	And Saul was very wroth, and the saying displeased him; and he said, They have ascribed unto David ten thousands, and to me they have ascribed but thousands: and what can he have more but the kingdom?	
1 Samuel 18:9	And Saul eyed David from that day and forward.	
1 Samuel 19:1	And Saul spake to Jonathan his son, and to all his servants, that they should kill David.	
1 Samuel 19:12	So Michal let David down through a window: and he went, and fled, and escaped.	
1 Samuel 19:13	And Michal took an image, and laid it in the bed, and put a pillow of goats' hair for his bolster, and covered it with a cloth.	
1 Samuel 19:17	And Saul said unto Michal, Why hast thou deceived me so, and sent away mine enemy, that he is escaped? And Michal answered Saul, He said unto me, Let me go; why should I kill thee?	
1 Samuel 19:2	But Jonathan Saul's son delighted much in David: and Jonathan told David, saying, Saul my father seeketh to kill thee: now therefore, I pray thee, take heed to thyself until the morning, and abide in a secret place, and hide thyself:	
1 Samuel 19:24	And he stripped off his clothes also, and prophesied before Samuel in like manner, and lay down naked all that day and all that night. Wherefore they say, Is Saul also among the prophets?	
1 Samuel 19:3	And I will go out and stand beside my father in the field where thou art, and I will commune with my father of thee; and what I see, that I will tell thee.	
1 Samuel 19:4	And Jonathan spake good of David unto Saul his father, and said unto him, Let not the king sin against his servant, against David; because he hath not sinned against thee, and because his works have been to thee-ward very good:	
1 Samuel 19:6	And Saul hearkened unto the voice of Jonathan: and Saul sware, As the LORD liveth, he shall not be slain.	
1 Samuel 19:7	And Jonathan called David, and Jonathan showed him all those things. And Jonathan brought David to Saul, and he was in his presence, as in times past.	
1 Samuel 19:8	And there was war again: and David went out, and fought with the Philistines, and slew them with a great slaughter; and they fled from him.	
1 Samuel 19:9	And the evil spirit from the LORD was upon Saul, as he sat in his house with his javelin in his hand: and David played with his hand.	
1 Samuel 1:1	Now there was a certain man of Ramathaimzophim, of mount Ephraim, and his name was Elkanah, the son of Jeroham, the son of Elihu, the son of Tohu, the son of Zuph, an Ephrathite:	
1 Samuel 1:10	And she was in bitterness of soul, and prayed unto the LORD, and wept sore.	
1 Samuel 1:11	And she vowed a vow, and said, O LORD of hosts, if thou wilt indeed look on the affliction of thine handmaid, and remember me, and not forget thine handmaid, but wilt give unto thine handmaid a man child, then I will give him unto the LORD all the days of his life, and there shall no razor come upon his head.	
1 Samuel 1:15	And Hannah answered and said, No, my lord, I am a woman of a sorrowful spirit: I have drunk neither wine nor strong drink, but have poured out my soul before the LORD.	
1 Samuel 1:18	And she said, Let thine handmaid find grace in thy sight. So the woman went her way, and did eat, and her countenance was no more sad.	
1 Samuel 1:2	And he had two wives; the name of the one was Hannah, and the name of the other Peninnah: and Peninnah had children, but Hannah had no children.	
1 Samuel 1:24	And when she had weaned him, she took him up with her, with three bullocks, and one ephah of flour, and a bottle of wine, and brought him unto the house of the LORD in Shiloh: and the child was young.	
1 Samuel 1:28	Therefore also I have lent him to the LORD; as long as he liveth he shall be lent to the LORD. And he worshipped the LORD there.	
1 Samuel 1:3	And this man went up out of his city yearly to worship and to sacrifice unto the LORD of hosts in Shiloh. And the two sons of Eli, Hophni and Phinehas, the priests of the LORD, were there.	
1 Samuel 1:4	And when the time was that Elkanah offered, he gave to Peninnah his wife, and to all her sons and her daughters, portions:	
1 Samuel 1:8	Then said Elkanah her husband to her, Hannah, why weepest thou? and why eatest thou not? and why is thy heart grieved? am not I better to thee than ten sons?	
1 Samuel 1:9	So Hannah rose up after they had eaten in Shiloh, and after they had drunk. Now Eli the priest sat upon a seat by a post of the temple of the LORD.	
1 Samuel 20:11	And Jonathan said unto David, Come, and let us go out into the field. And they went out both of them into the field.	
1 Samuel 20:14	And thou shalt not only while yet I live show me the kindness of the LORD, that I die not:	
1 Samuel 20:16	So Jonathan made a covenant with the house of David, saying, Let the LORD even require it at the hand of David's enemies.	
1 Samuel 20:23	And as touching the matter which thou and I have spoken of, behold, the LORD be between thee and me for ever.	
1 Samuel 20:27	And it came to pass on the morrow, which was the second day of the month, that David's place was empty: and Saul said unto Jonathan his son, Wherefore cometh not the son of Jesse to meat, neither yesterday, nor to day?	
1 Samuel 20:29	And he said, Let me go, I pray thee; for our family hath a sacrifice in the city; and my brother, he hath commanded me to be there: and now, if I have found favor in thine eyes, let me get away, I pray thee, and see my brethren. Therefore he cometh not unto the king's table.	
1 Samuel 20:31	For as long as the son of Jesse liveth upon the ground, thou shalt not be established, nor thy kingdom. Wherefore now send and fetch him unto me, for he shall surely die.	
1 Samuel 20:33	And Saul cast a javelin at him to smite him: whereby Jonathan knew that it was determined of his father to slay David.	
1 Samuel 20:39	But the lad knew not any thing: only Jonathan and David knew the matter.	
1 Samuel 21:1	Then came David to Nob to Ahimelech the priest: and Ahimelech was afraid at the meeting of David, and said unto him, Why art thou alone, and no man with thee?	
1 Samuel 21:11	And the servants of Achish said unto him, Is not this David the king of the land? did they not sing one to another of him in dances, saying, Saul hath slain his thousands, and David his ten thousands?	
1 Samuel 21:6	So the priest gave him hallowed bread: for there was no bread there but the showbread, that was taken from before the LORD, to put hot bread in the day when it was taken away.	
1 Samuel 21:9	And the priest said, The sword of Goliath the Philistine, whom thou slewest in the valley of Elah, behold, it is here wrapped in a cloth behind the ephod: if thou wilt take that, take it: for there is no other save that here. And David said, There is none like that; give it me.	
1 Samuel 22:11	Then the king sent to call Ahimelech the priest, the son of Ahitub, and all his father's house, the priests that were in Nob: and they came all of them to the king.	
1 Samuel 22:13	And Saul said unto him, Why have ye conspired against me, thou and the son of Jesse, in that thou hast given him bread, and a sword, and hast inquired of God for him, that he should rise against me, to lie in wait, as at this day?	
1 Samuel 22:15	Did I then begin to inquire of God for him? be it far from me: let not the king impute any thing unto his servant, nor to all the house of my father: for thy servant knew nothing of all this, less or more.	
1 Samuel 22:16	And the king said, Thou shalt surely die, Ahimelech, thou, and all thy father's house.	
1 Samuel 22:18	And the king said to Doeg, Turn thou, and fall upon the priests. And Doeg the Edomite turned, and he fell upon the priests, and slew on that day fourscore and five persons that did wear a linen ephod.	
1 Samuel 22:23	Abide thou with me, fear not: for he that seeketh my life seeketh thy life: but with me thou shalt be in safeguard.	
1 Samuel 22:5	And the prophet Gad said unto David, Abide not in the hold; depart, and get thee into the land of Judah. Then David departed, and came into the forest of Hareth.	
1 Samuel 23:10	Then said David, O LORD God of Israel, thy servant hath certainly heard that Saul seeketh to come to Keilah, to destroy the city for my sake.	
1 Samuel 23:15	And David saw that Saul was come out to seek his life: and David was in the wilderness of Ziph in a wood.	
1 Samuel 23:18	And they two made a covenant before the LORD: and David abode in the wood, and Jonathan went to his house.	
1 Samuel 23:2	Therefore David inquired of the LORD, saying, Shall I go and smite these Philistines? And the LORD said unto David, Go, and smite the Philistines, and save Keilah.	
1 Samuel 24:1	And it came to pass, when Saul was returned from following the Philistines, that it was told him, saying, Behold, David is in the wilderness of Engedi.	
1 Samuel 24:16	And it came to pass, when David had made an end of speaking these words unto Saul, that Saul said, Is this thy voice, my son David? And Saul lifted up his voice, and wept.	
1 Samuel 24:19	For if a man find his enemy, will he let him go well away? wherefore the LORD reward thee good for that thou hast done unto me this day.	
1 Samuel 25:10	And Nabal answered David's servants, and said, Who is David? and who is the son of Jesse? there be many servants now a days that break away every man from his master.	
1 Samuel 25:16	They were a wall unto us both by night and day, all the while we were with them keeping the sheep.	
1 Samuel 25:19	And she said unto her servants, Go on before me; behold, I come after you. But she told not her husband Nabal.	
1 Samuel 25:2	And there was a man in Maon, whose possessions were in Carmel; and the man was very great, and he had three thousand sheep, and a thousand goats: and he was shearing his sheep in Carmel.	
1 Samuel 25:27	And now this blessing which thine handmaid hath brought unto my lord, let it even be given unto the young men that follow my lord.	
1 Samuel 25:31	That this shall be no grief unto thee, nor offense of heart unto my lord, either that thou hast shed blood causeless, or that my lord hath avenged himself: but when the LORD shall have dealt well with my lord, then remember thine handmaid.	
1 Samuel 25:38	And it came to pass about ten days after, that the LORD smote Nabal, that he died.	
1 Samuel 25:4	And David heard in the wilderness that Nabal did shear his sheep.	
1 Samuel 25:5	And David sent out ten young men, and David said unto the young men, Get you up to Carmel, and go to Nabal, and greet him in my name:	
1 Samuel 26:11	The LORD forbid that I should stretch forth mine hand against the LORD's anointed: but, I pray thee, take thou now the spear that is at his bolster, and the cruse of water, and let us go.	
1 Samuel 26:14	And David cried to the people, and to Abner the son of Ner, saying, Answerest thou not, Abner? Then Abner answered and said, Who art thou that criest to the king?	
1 Samuel 26:2	Then Saul arose, and went down to the wilderness of Ziph, having three thousand chosen men of Israel with him, to seek David in the wilderness of Ziph.	
1 Samuel 26:20	Now therefore, let not my blood fall to the earth before the face of the LORD: for the king of Israel is come out to seek a flea, as when one doth hunt a partridge in the mountains.	
1 Samuel 26:22	And David answered and said, Behold the king's spear! and let one of the young men come over and fetch it.	
1 Samuel 26:23	The LORD render to every man his righteousness and his faithfulness; for the LORD delivered thee into my hand to day, but I would not stretch forth mine hand against the LORD's anointed.	
1 Samuel 26:24	And, behold, as thy life was much set by this day in mine eyes, so let my life be much set by in the eyes of the LORD, and let him deliver me out of all tribulation.	
1 Samuel 26:3	And Saul pitched in the hill of Hachilah, which is before Jeshimon, by the way. But David abode in the wilderness, and he saw that Saul came after him into the wilderness.	
1 Samuel 26:4	David therefore sent out spies, and understood that Saul was come in very deed.	
1 Samuel 26:5	And David arose, and came to the place where Saul had pitched: and David beheld the place where Saul lay, and Abner the son of Ner, the captain of his host: and Saul lay in the trench, and the people pitched round about him.	
1 Samuel 26:7	So David and Abishai came to the people by night: and, behold, Saul lay sleeping within the trench, and his spear stuck in the ground at his bolster: but Abner and the people lay round about him.	
1 Samuel 27:10	And Achish said, Whither have ye made a road to day? And David said, Against the south of Judah, and against the south of the Jerahmeelites, and against the south of the Kenites.	
1 Samuel 27:11	And David saved neither man nor woman alive, to bring tidings to Gath, saying, Lest they should tell on us, saying, So did David, and so will be his manner all the while he dwelleth in the country of the Philistines.	
1 Samuel 27:5	And David said unto Achish, If I have now found grace in thine eyes, let them give me a place in some town in the country, that I may dwell there: for why should thy servant dwell in the royal city with thee?	
1 Samuel 27:7	And the time that David dwelt in the country of the Philistines was a full year and four months.	
1 Samuel 28:15	And Samuel said to Saul, Why hast thou disquieted me, to bring me up? And Saul answered, I am sore distressed; for the Philistines make war against me, and God is departed from me, and answereth me no more, neither by prophets, nor by dreams: therefore I have called thee, that thou mayest make known unto me what I shall do.	
1 Samuel 28:17	And the LORD hath done to him, as he spake by me: for the LORD hath rent the kingdom out of thine hand, and given it to thy neighbor, even to David:	
1 Samuel 28:18	Because thou obeyedst not the voice of the LORD, nor executedst his fierce wrath upon Amalek, therefore hath the LORD done this thing unto thee this day.	
1 Samuel 28:2	And David said to Achish, Surely thou shalt know what thy servant can do. And Achish said to David, Therefore will I make thee keeper of mine head for ever.	
1 Samuel 28:21	And the woman came unto Saul, and saw that he was sore troubled, and said unto him, Behold, thine handmaid hath obeyed thy voice, and I have put my life in my hand, and have hearkened unto thy words which thou spakest unto me.	
1 Samuel 28:24	And the woman had a fat calf in the house; and she hasted, and killed it, and took flour, and kneaded it, and did bake unleavened bread thereof:	
1 Samuel 28:4	And the Philistines gathered themselves together, and came and pitched in Shunem: and Saul gathered all Israel together, and they pitched in Gilboa.	
1 Samuel 28:5	And when Saul saw the host of the Philistines, he was afraid, and his heart greatly trembled.	
1 Samuel 28:6	And when Saul inquired of the LORD, the LORD answered him not, neither by dreams, nor by Urim, nor by prophets.	
1 Samuel 29:1	Now the Philistines gathered together all their armies to Aphek: and the Israelites pitched by a fountain which is in Jezreel.	
1 Samuel 29:10	Wherefore now rise up early in the morning with thy master's servants that are come with thee: and as soon as ye be up early in the morning, and have light, depart.	
1 Samuel 29:11	So David and his men rose up early to depart in the morning, to return into the land of the Philistines. And the Philistines went up to Jezreel.	
1 Samuel 29:4	And the princes of the Philistines were wroth with him; and the princes of the Philistines said unto him, Make this fellow return, that he may go again to his place which thou hast appointed him, and let him not go down with us to battle, lest in the battle he be an adversary to us: for wherewith should he reconcile himself unto his master? should it not be with the heads of these men?	
1 Samuel 29:7	Wherefore now return, and go in peace, that thou displease not the lords of the Philistines.	
1 Samuel 29:8	And David said unto Achish, But what have I done? and what hast thou found in thy servant so long as I have been with thee unto this day, that I may not go fight against the enemies of my lord the king?	
1 Samuel 2:13	And the priest's custom with the people was, that, when any man offered sacrifice, the priest's servant came, while the flesh was in seething, with a fleshhook of three teeth in his hand;	
1 Samuel 2:16	And if any man said unto him, Let them not fail to burn the fat presently, and then take as much as thy soul desireth; then he would answer him, Nay; but thou shalt give it me now: and if not, I will take it by force.	
1 Samuel 2:18	But Samuel ministered before the LORD, being a child, girded with a linen ephod.	
1 Samuel 2:19	Moreover his mother made him a little coat, and brought it to him from year to year, when she came up with her husband to offer the yearly sacrifice.	
1 Samuel 2:21	And the LORD visited Hannah, so that she conceived, and bare three sons and two daughters. And the child Samuel grew before the LORD.	
1 Samuel 2:23	And he said unto them, Why do ye such things? for I hear of your evil dealings by all this people.	
1 Samuel 2:5	They that were full have hired out themselves for bread; and they that were hungry ceased: so that the barren hath born seven; and she that hath many children is waxed feeble.	
1 Samuel 2:7	The LORD maketh poor, and maketh rich: he bringeth low, and lifteth up.	
1 Samuel 30:14	We made an invasion upon the south of the Cherethites, and upon the coast which belongeth to Judah, and upon the south of Caleb; and we burned Ziklag with fire.	
1 Samuel 30:18	And David recovered all that the Amalekites had carried away: and David rescued his two wives.	
1 Samuel 30:27	To them which were in Bethel, and to them which were in south Ramoth, and to them which were in Jattir,	
1 Samuel 30:6	And David was greatly distressed; for the people spake of stoning him, because the soul of all the people was grieved, every man for his sons and for his daughters: but David encouraged himself in the LORD his God.	
1 Samuel 31:10	And they put his armor in the house of Ashtaroth: and they fastened his body to the wall of Bethshan.	
1 Samuel 31:13	And they took their bones, and buried them under a tree at Jabesh, and fasted seven days.	
1 Samuel 31:4	Then said Saul unto his armourbearer, Draw thy sword, and thrust me through therewith; lest these uncircumcised come and thrust me through, and abuse me. But his armourbearer would not; for he was sore afraid. Therefore Saul took a sword, and fell upon it.	
1 Samuel 31:5	And when his armourbearer saw that Saul was dead, he fell likewise upon his sword, and died with him.	
1 Samuel 31:6	So Saul died, and his three sons, and his armourbearer, and all his men, that same day together.	
1 Samuel 3:1	And the child Samuel ministered unto the LORD before Eli. And the word of the LORD was precious in those days; there was no open vision.	
1 Samuel 3:10	And the LORD came, and stood, and called as at other times, Samuel, Samuel. Then Samuel answered, Speak; for thy servant heareth.	
1 Samuel 3:16	Then Eli called Samuel, and said, Samuel, my son. And he answered, Here am I.	
1 Samuel 3:2	And it came to pass at that time, when Eli was laid down in his place, and his eyes began to wax dim, that he could not see;	
1 Samuel 3:4	That the LORD called Samuel: and he answered, Here am I.	
1 Samuel 3:5	And he ran unto Eli, and said, Here am I; for thou calledst me. And he said, I called not; lie down again. And he went and lay down.	
1 Samuel 3:6	And the LORD called yet again, Samuel. And Samuel arose and went to Eli, and said, Here am I; for thou didst call me. And he answered, I called not, my son; lie down again.	
1 Samuel 3:8	And the LORD called Samuel again the third time. And he arose and went to Eli, and said, Here am I; for thou didst call me. And Eli perceived that the LORD had called the child.	
1 Samuel 4:17	And the messenger answered and said, Israel is fled before the Philistines, and there hath been also a great slaughter among the people, and thy two sons also, Hophni and Phinehas, are dead, and the ark of God is taken.	
1 Samuel 4:19	And his daughter in law, Phinehas' wife, was with child, near to be delivered: and when she heard the tidings that the ark of God was taken, and that her father in law and her husband were dead, she bowed herself and travailed; for her pains came upon her.	
1 Samuel 4:5	And when the ark of the covenant of the LORD came into the camp, all Israel shouted with a great shout, so that the earth rang again.	
1 Samuel 4:8	Woe unto us! who shall deliver us out of the hand of these mighty Gods? these are the Gods that smote the Egyptians with all the plagues in the wilderness.	
1 Samuel 4:9	Be strong and quit yourselves like men, O ye Philistines, that ye be not servants unto the Hebrews, as they have been to you: quit yourselves like men, and fight.	
1 Samuel 5:2	When the Philistines took the ark of God, they brought it into the house of Dagon, and set it by Dagon.	
1 Samuel 5:4	And when they arose early on the morrow morning, behold, Dagon was fallen upon his face to the ground before the ark of the LORD; and the head of Dagon and both the palms of his hands were cut off upon the threshold; only the stump of Dagon was left to him.	
1 Samuel 6:13	And they of Bethshemesh were reaping their wheat harvest in the valley: and they lifted up their eyes, and saw the ark, and rejoiced to see it.	
1 Samuel 6:17	And these are the golden emerods which the Philistines returned for a trespass offering unto the LORD; for Ashdod one, for Gaza one, for Askelon one, for Gath one, for Ekron one;	
1 Samuel 6:18	And the golden mice, according to the number of all the cities of the Philistines belonging to the five lords, both of fenced cities, and of country villages, even unto the great stone of Abel, whereon they set down the ark of the LORD: which stone remaineth unto this day in the field of Joshua, the Bethshemite.	
1 Samuel 6:2	And the Philistines called for the priests and the diviners, saying, What shall we do to the ark of the LORD? tell us wherewith we shall send it to his place.	
1 Samuel 6:20	And the men of Bethshemesh said, Who is able to stand before this holy LORD God? and to whom shall he go up from us?	
1 Samuel 6:3	And they said, If ye send away the ark of the God of Israel, send it not empty; but in any wise return him a trespass offering: then ye shall be healed, and it shall be known to you why his hand is not removed from you.	
1 Samuel 6:6	Wherefore then do ye harden your hearts, as the Egyptians and Pharaoh hardened their hearts? when he had wrought wonderfully among them, did they not let the people go, and they departed?	
1 Samuel 7:1	And the men of Kirjathjearim came, and fetched up the ark of the LORD, and brought it into the house of Abinadab in the hill, and sanctified Eleazar his son to keep the ark of the LORD.	
1 Samuel 7:11	And the men of Israel went out of Mizpeh, and pursued the Philistines, and smote them, until they came under Bethcar.	
1 Samuel 7:3	And Samuel spake unto all the house of Israel, saying, If ye do return unto the LORD with all your hearts, then put away the strange gods and Ashtaroth from among you, and prepare your hearts unto the LORD, and serve him only: and he will deliver you out of the hand of the Philistines.	
1 Samuel 7:4	Then the children of Israel did put away Baalim and Ashtaroth, and served the LORD only.	
1 Samuel 7:6	And they gathered together to Mizpeh, and drew water, and poured it out before the LORD, and fasted on that day, and said there, We have sinned against the LORD. And Samuel judged the children of Israel in Mizpeh.	
1 Samuel 8:11	And he said, This will be the manner of the king that shall reign over you: He will take your sons, and appoint them for himself, for his chariots, and to be his horsemen; and some shall run before his chariots.	
1 Samuel 8:14	And he will take your fields, and your vineyards, and your oliveyards, even the best of them, and give them to his servants.	
1 Samuel 8:21	And Samuel heard all the words of the people, and he rehearsed them in the ears of the LORD.	
1 Samuel 8:22	And the LORD said to Samuel, Hearken unto their voice, and make them a king. And Samuel said unto the men of Israel, Go ye every man unto his city.	
1 Samuel 8:3	And his sons walked not in his ways, but turned aside after lucre, and took bribes, and perverted judgment.	
1 Samuel 8:8	According to all the works which they have done since the day that I brought them up out of Egypt even unto this day, wherewith they have forsaken me, and served other gods, so do they also unto thee.	
1 Samuel 8:9	Now therefore hearken unto their voice: howbeit yet protest solemnly unto them, and show them the manner of the king that shall reign over them.	
1 Samuel 9:10	Then said Saul to his servant, Well said; come, let us go. So they went unto the city where the man of God was.	
1 Samuel 9:11	And as they went up the hill to the city, they found young maidens going out to draw water, and said unto them, Is the seer here?	
1 Samuel 9:13	As soon as ye be come into the city, ye shall straightway find him, before he go up to the high place to eat: for the people will not eat until he come, because he doth bless the sacrifice; and afterwards they eat that be bidden. Now therefore get you up; for about this time ye shall find him.	
1 Samuel 9:17	And when Samuel saw Saul, the LORD said unto him, Behold the man whom I spake to thee of! this same shall reign over my people.	
1 Samuel 9:19	And Samuel answered Saul, and said, I am the seer: go up before me unto the high place; for ye shall eat with me to day, and to morrow I will let thee go, and will tell thee all that is in thine heart.	
1 Samuel 9:24	And the cook took up the shoulder, and that which was upon it, and set it before Saul. And Samuel said, Behold that which is left! set it before thee, and eat: for unto this time hath it been kept for thee since I said, I have invited the people. So Saul did eat with Samuel that day.	
1 Samuel 9:25	And when they were come down from the high place into the city, Samuel communed with Saul upon the top of the house.	
1 Samuel 9:8	And the servant answered Saul again, and said, Behold, I have here at hand the fourth part of a shekel of silver: that will I give to the man of God, to tell us our way.	
1 Thessalonians 1:2	We give thanks to God always for you all, making mention of you in our prayers;	
1 Thessalonians 1:3	Remembering without ceasing your work of faith, and labour of love, and patience of hope in our Lord Jesus Christ, in the sight of God and our Father;	
1 Thessalonians 1:7	So that ye were ensamples to all that believe in Macedonia and Achaia.	
1 Thessalonians 1:9	For they themselves shew of us what manner of entering in we had unto you, and how ye turned to God from idols to serve the living and true God;	
1 Thessalonians 2:10	Ye are witnesses, and God also, how holily and justly and unblameably we behaved ourselves among you that believe:	
1 Thessalonians 2:18	Wherefore we would have come unto you, even I Paul, once and again; but Satan hindered us.	
1 Thessalonians 2:20	For ye are our glory and joy.	
1 Thessalonians 2:9	For ye remember, brethren, our labour and travail: for labouring night and day, because we would not be chargeable unto any of you, we preached unto you the gospel of God.	
1 Thessalonians 3:3	That no man should be moved by these afflictions: for yourselves know that we are appointed thereunto.	
1 Thessalonians 4:13	But I would not have you to be ignorant, brethren, concerning them which are asleep, that ye sorrow not, even as others which have no hope.	
1 Thessalonians 4:15	For this we say unto you by the word of the Lord, that we which are alive and remain unto the coming of the Lord shall not prevent them which are asleep.	
1 Thessalonians 4:18	Wherefore comfort one another with these words.	
1 Thessalonians 4:2	For ye know what commandments we gave you by the Lord Jesus.	
1 Thessalonians 4:9	But as touching brotherly love ye need not that I write unto you: for ye yourselves are taught of God to love one another.	
1 Thessalonians 5:15	See that none render evil for evil unto any man; but ever follow that which is good, both among yourselves, and to all men.	
1 Thessalonians 5:17	Pray without ceasing.	
1 Thessalonians 5:22	Abstain from all appearance of evil.	
1 Thessalonians 5:4	But ye, brethren, are not in darkness, that that day should overtake you as a thief.	
1 Thessalonians 5:5	Ye are all the children of light, and the children of the day: we are not of the night, nor of darkness.	
1 Thessalonians 5:6	Therefore let us not sleep, as do others; but let us watch and be sober.	
1 Thessalonians 5:9	For God hath not appointed us to wrath, but to obtain salvation by our Lord Jesus Christ,	
1 Timothy 1:10	For whoremongers, for them that defile themselves with mankind, for menstealers, for liars, for perjured persons, and if there be any other thing that is contrary to sound doctrine;	
1 Timothy 1:13	Who was before a blasphemer, and a persecutor, and injurious: but I obtained mercy, because I did it ignorantly in unbelief.	
1 Timothy 1:15	This is a faithful saying, and worthy of all acceptation, that Christ Jesus came into the world to save sinners; of whom I am chief.	
1 Timothy 1:7	Desiring to be teachers of the law; understanding neither what they say, nor whereof they affirm.	
1 Timothy 1:8	But we know that the law is good, if a man use it lawfully;	
1 Timothy 1:9	Knowing this, that the law is not made for a righteous man, but for the lawless and disobedient, for the ungodly and for sinners, for unholy and profane, for murderers of fathers and murderers of mothers, for manslayers,	
1 Timothy 2:15	Notwithstanding she shall be saved in childbearing, if they continue in faith and charity and holiness with sobriety.	
1 Timothy 2:2	For kings, and for all that are in authority; that we may lead a quiet and peaceable life in all godliness and honesty.	
1 Timothy 2:6	Who gave himself a ransom for all, to be testified in due time.	
1 Timothy 2:8	I will therefore that men pray every where, lifting up holy hands, without wrath and doubting.	
1 Timothy 2:9	In like manner also, that women adorn themselves in modest apparel, with shamefacedness and sobriety; not with broided hair, or gold, or pearls, or costly array;	
1 Timothy 3:10	And let these also first be proved; then let them use the office of a deacon, being found blameless.	
1 Timothy 3:14	These things write I unto thee, hoping to come unto thee shortly:	
1 Timothy 3:4	One that ruleth well his own house, having his children in subjection with all gravity;	
1 Timothy 4:1	Now the Spirit speaketh expressly, that in the latter times some shall depart from the faith, giving heed to seducing spirits, and doctrines of devils;	
1 Timothy 4:11	These things command and teach.	
1 Timothy 4:7	But refuse profane and old wives' fables, and exercise thyself rather unto godliness.	
1 Timothy 4:9	This is a faithful saying and worthy of all acceptation.	
1 Timothy 5:15	For some are already turned aside after Satan.	
1 Timothy 5:22	Lay hands suddenly on no man, neither be partaker of other men's sins: keep thyself pure.	
1 Timothy 6:11	But thou, O man of God, flee these things; and follow after righteousness, godliness, faith, love, patience, meekness.	
1 Timothy 6:14	That thou keep this commandment without spot, unrebukable, until the appearing of our Lord Jesus Christ:	
1 Timothy 6:15	Which in his times he shall shew, who is the blessed and only Potentate, the King of kings, and Lord of lords;	
1 Timothy 6:20	O Timothy, keep that which is committed to thy trust, avoiding profane and vain babblings, and oppositions of science falsely so called:	
1 Timothy 6:21	Which some professing have erred concerning the faith. Grace be with thee. Amen.	
1 Timothy 6:3	If any man teach otherwise, and consent not to wholesome words, even the words of our Lord Jesus Christ, and to the doctrine which is according to godliness;	
2 Chronicles 10:10	And the young men that were brought up with him spake unto him, saying, Thus shalt thou answer the people that spake unto thee, saying, Thy father made our yoke heavy, but make thou it somewhat lighter for us; thus shalt thou say unto them, My little finger shall be thicker than my father's loins.	
2 Chronicles 10:15	So the king hearkened not unto the people: for the cause was of God, that the LORD might perform his word, which he spake by the hand of Ahijah the Shilonite to Jeroboam the son of Nebat.	
2 Chronicles 10:17	But as for the children of Israel that dwelt in the cities of Judah, Rehoboam reigned over them.	
2 Chronicles 10:19	And Israel rebelled against the house of David unto this day.	
2 Chronicles 10:2	And it came to pass, when Jeroboam the son of Nebat, who was in Egypt, whither he fled from the presence of Solomon the king, heard it, that Jeroboam returned out of Egypt.	
2 Chronicles 10:5	And he said unto them, Come again unto me after three days. And the people departed.	
2 Chronicles 10:7	And they spake unto him, saying, If thou be kind to this people, and please them, and speak good words to them, they will be thy servants for ever.	
2 Chronicles 11:10	And Zorah, and Aijalon, and Hebron, which are in Judah and in Benjamin fenced cities.	
2 Chronicles 11:16	And after them out of all the tribes of Israel such as set their hearts to seek the LORD God of Israel came to Jerusalem, to sacrifice unto the LORD God of their fathers.	
2 Chronicles 11:20	And after her he took Maachah the daughter of Absalom; which bare him Abijah, and Attai, and Ziza, and Shelomith.	
2 Chronicles 11:5	And Rehoboam dwelt in Jerusalem, and built cities for defense in Judah.	
2 Chronicles 11:6	He built even Bethlehem, and Etam, and Tekoa,	
2 Chronicles 11:7	And Bethzur, and Shoco, and Adullam,	
2 Chronicles 12:13	So king Rehoboam strengthened himself in Jerusalem, and reigned: for Rehoboam was one and forty years old when he began to reign, and he reigned seventeen years in Jerusalem, the city which the LORD had chosen out of all the tribes of Israel, to put his name there. And his mother's name was Naamah an Ammonitess.	
2 Chronicles 12:7	And when the LORD saw that they humbled themselves, the word of the LORD came to Shemaiah, saying, They have humbled themselves; therefore I will not destroy them, but I will grant them some deliverance; and my wrath shall not be poured out upon Jerusalem by the hand of Shishak.	
2 Chronicles 13:10	But as for us, the LORD is our God, and we have not forsaken him; and the priests, which minister unto the LORD, are the sons of Aaron, and the Levites wait upon their business:	
2 Chronicles 13:20	Neither did Jeroboam recover strength again in the days of Abijah: and the LORD struck him, and he died.	
2 Chronicles 13:4	And Abijah stood up upon mount Zemaraim, which is in mount Ephraim, and said, Hear me, thou Jeroboam, and all Israel;	
2 Chronicles 13:5	Ought ye not to know that the LORD God of Israel gave the kingdom over Israel to David for ever, even to him and to his sons by a covenant of salt?	
2 Chronicles 13:7	And there are gathered unto him vain men, the children of Belial, and have strengthened themselves against Rehoboam the son of Solomon, when Rehoboam was young and tenderhearted, and could not withstand them.	
2 Chronicles 13:9	Have ye not cast out the priests of the LORD, the sons of Aaron, and the Levites, and have made you priests after the manner of the nations of other lands? so that whosoever cometh to consecrate himself with a young bullock and seven rams, the same may be a priest of them that are no gods.	
2 Chronicles 14:10	Then Asa went out against him, and they set the battle in array in the valley of Zephathah at Mareshah.	
2 Chronicles 14:13	And Asa and the people that were with him pursued them unto Gerar: and the Ethiopians were overthrown, that they could not recover themselves; for they were destroyed before the LORD, and before his host; and they carried away very much spoil.	
2 Chronicles 14:14	And they smote all the cities round about Gerar; for the fear of the LORD came upon them: and they spoiled all the cities; for there was exceeding much spoil in them.	
2 Chronicles 14:2	And Asa did that which was good and right in the eyes of the LORD his God:	
2 Chronicles 14:9	And there came out against them Zerah the Ethiopian with an host of a thousand thousand, and three hundred chariots; and came unto Mareshah.	
2 Chronicles 15:10	So they gathered themselves together at Jerusalem in the third month, in the fifteenth year of the reign of Asa.	
2 Chronicles 15:18	And he brought into the house of God the things that his father had dedicated, and that he himself had dedicated, silver, and gold, and vessels.	
2 Chronicles 15:4	But when they in their trouble did turn unto the LORD God of Israel, and sought him, he was found of them.	
2 Chronicles 15:9	And he gathered all Judah and Benjamin, and the strangers with them out of Ephraim and Manasseh, and out of Simeon: for they fell to him out of Israel in abundance, when they saw that the LORD his God was with him.	
2 Chronicles 16:1	In the six and thirtieth year of the reign of Asa Baasha king of Israel came up against Judah, and built Ramah, to the intent that he might let none go out or come in to Asa king of Judah.	
2 Chronicles 16:10	Then Asa was wroth with the seer, and put him in a prison house; for he was in a rage with him because of this thing. And Asa oppressed some of the people the same time.	
2 Chronicles 16:13	And Asa slept with his fathers, and died in the one and fortieth year of his reign.	
2 Chronicles 16:2	Then Asa brought out silver and gold out of the treasures of the house of the LORD and of the king's house, and sent to Benhadad king of Syria, that dwelt at Damascus, saying,	
2 Chronicles 16:3	There is a league between me and thee, as there was between my father and thy father: behold, I have sent thee silver and gold; go, break thy league with Baasha king of Israel, that he may depart from me.	
2 Chronicles 16:8	Were not the Ethiopians and the Lubims a huge host, with very many chariots and horsemen? yet, because thou didst rely on the LORD, he delivered them into thine hand.	
2 Chronicles 17:11	Also some of the Philistines brought Jehoshaphat presents, and tribute silver; and the Arabians brought him flocks, seven thousand and seven hundred rams, and seven thousand and seven hundred he goats.	
2 Chronicles 17:6	And his heart was lifted up in the ways of the LORD: moreover he took away the high places and groves out of Judah.	
2 Chronicles 17:8	And with them he sent Levites, even Shemaiah, and Nethaniah, and Zebadiah, and Asahel, and Shemiramoth, and Jehonathan, and Adonijah, and Tobijah, and Tobadonijah, Levites; and with them Elishama and Jehoram, priests.	
2 Chronicles 18:12	And the messenger that went to call Micaiah spake to him, saying, Behold, the words of the prophets declare good to the king with one assent; let thy word therefore, I pray thee, be like one of theirs, and speak thou good.	
2 Chronicles 18:13	And Micaiah said, As the LORD liveth, even what my God saith, that will I speak.	
2 Chronicles 18:14	And when he was come to the king, the king said unto him, Micaiah, shall we go to Ramothgilead to battle, or shall I forbear? And he said, Go ye up, and prosper, and they shall be delivered into your hand.	
2 Chronicles 18:16	Then he said, I did see all Israel scattered upon the mountains, as sheep that have no shepherd: and the LORD said, These have no master; let them return therefore every man to his house in peace.	
2 Chronicles 18:20	Then there came out a spirit, and stood before the LORD, and said, I will entice him. And the LORD said unto him, Wherewith?	
2 Chronicles 18:21	And he said, I will go out, and be a lying spirit in the mouth of all his prophets. And the Lord said, Thou shalt entice him, and thou shalt also prevail: go out, and do even so.	
2 Chronicles 18:22	Now therefore, behold, the LORD hath put a lying spirit in the mouth of these thy prophets, and the LORD hath spoken evil against thee.	
2 Chronicles 18:27	And Micaiah said, If thou certainly return in peace, then hath not the LORD spoken by me. And he said, Hearken, all ye people.	
2 Chronicles 18:28	So the king of Israel and Jehoshaphat the king of Judah went up to Ramothgilead.	
2 Chronicles 18:30	Now the king of Syria had commanded the captains of the chariots that were with him, saying, Fight ye not with small or great, save only with the king of Israel.	
2 Chronicles 18:32	For it came to pass, that, when the captains of the chariots perceived that it was not the king of Israel, they turned back again from pursuing him.	
2 Chronicles 18:5	Therefore the king of Israel gathered together of prophets four hundred men, and said unto them, Shall we go to Ramothgilead to battle, or shall I forbear? And they said, Go up; for God will deliver it into the king's hand.	
2 Chronicles 18:7	And the king of Israel said unto Jehoshaphat, There is yet one man, by whom we may enquire of the LORD: but I hate him; for he never prophesied good unto me, but always evil: the same is Micaiah the son of Imla. And Jehoshaphat said, Let not the king say so.	
2 Chronicles 19:1	And Jehoshaphat the king of Judah returned to his house in peace to Jerusalem.	
2 Chronicles 19:11	And, behold, Amariah the chief priest is over you in all matters of the LORD; and Zebadiah the son of Ishmael, the ruler of the house of Judah, for all the king's matters: also the Levites shall be officers before you. Deal courageously, and the LORD shall be with the good.	
2 Chronicles 19:4	And Jehoshaphat dwelt at Jerusalem: and he went out again through the people from Beersheba to mount Ephraim, and brought them back unto the LORD God of their fathers.	
2 Chronicles 1:15	And the king made silver and gold at Jerusalem as plenteous as stones, and cedar trees made he as the sycamore trees that are in the vale for abundance.	
2 Chronicles 20:11	Behold, I say, how they reward us, to come to cast us out of thy possession, which thou hast given us to inherit.	
2 Chronicles 20:18	And Jehoshaphat bowed his head with his face to the ground: and all Judah and the inhabitants of Jerusalem fell before the LORD, worshipping the LORD.	
2 Chronicles 20:20	And they rose early in the morning, and went forth into the wilderness of Tekoa: and as they went forth, Jehoshaphat stood and said, Hear me, O Judah, and ye inhabitants of Jerusalem; Believe in the LORD your God, so shall ye be established; believe his prophets, so shall ye prosper.	
2 Chronicles 20:25	And when Jehoshaphat and his people came to take away the spoil of them, they found among them in abundance both riches with the dead bodies, and precious jewels, which they stripped off for themselves, more than they could carry away: and they were three days in gathering of the spoil, it was so much.	
2 Chronicles 20:27	Then they returned, every man of Judah and Jerusalem, and Jehoshaphat in the forefront of them, to go again to Jerusalem with joy; for the LORD had made them to rejoice over their enemies.	
2 Chronicles 20:28	And they came to Jerusalem with psalteries and harps and trumpets unto the house of the LORD.	
2 Chronicles 20:5	And Jehoshaphat stood in the congregation of Judah and Jerusalem, in the house of the LORD, before the new court,	
2 Chronicles 20:6	And said, O LORD God of our fathers, art not thou God in heaven? and rulest not thou over all the kingdoms of the heathen? and in thine hand is there not power and might, so that none is able to withstand thee?	
2 Chronicles 20:9	If, when evil cometh upon us, as the sword, judgment, or pestilence, or famine, we stand before this house, and in thy presence, (for thy name is in this house,) and cry unto thee in our affliction, then thou wilt hear and help.	
2 Chronicles 21:12	And there came a writing to him from Elijah the prophet, saying, Thus saith the LORD God of David thy father, Because thou hast not walked in the ways of Jehoshaphat thy father, nor in the ways of Asa king of Judah,	
2 Chronicles 21:13	But hast walked in the way of the kings of Israel, and hast made Judah and the inhabitants of Jerusalem to go a whoring, like to the whoredoms of the house of Ahab, and also hast slain thy brethren of thy father's house, which were better than thyself:	
2 Chronicles 21:15	And thou shalt have great sickness by disease of thy bowels, until thy bowels fall out by reason of the sickness day by day.	
2 Chronicles 21:19	And it came to pass, that in process of time, after the end of two years, his bowels fell out by reason of his sickness: so he died of sore diseases. And his people made no burning for him, like the burning of his fathers.	
2 Chronicles 21:2	And he had brethren the sons of Jehoshaphat, Azariah, and Jehiel, and Zechariah, and Azariah, and Michael, and Shephatiah: all these were the sons of Jehoshaphat king of Israel.	
2 Chronicles 22:1	And the inhabitants of Jerusalem made Ahaziah his youngest son king in his stead: for the band of men that came with the Arabians to the camp had slain all the eldest. So Ahaziah the son of Jehoram king of Judah reigned.	
2 Chronicles 22:10	But when Athaliah the mother of Ahaziah saw that her son was dead, she arose and destroyed all the seed royal of the house of Judah.	
2 Chronicles 22:11	But Jehoshabeath, the daughter of the king, took Joash the son of Ahaziah, and stole him from among the king's sons that were slain, and put him and his nurse in a bedchamber. So Jehoshabeath, the daughter of king Jehoram, the wife of Jehoiada the priest, (for she was the sister of Ahaziah,) hid him from Athaliah, so that she slew him not.	
2 Chronicles 22:2	Forty and two years old was Ahaziah when he began to reign, and he reigned one year in Jerusalem. His mother's name also was Athaliah the daughter of Omri.	
2 Chronicles 22:9	And he sought Ahaziah: and they caught him, (for he was hid in Samaria,) and brought him to Jehu: and when they had slain him, they buried him: Because, said they, he is the son of Jehoshaphat, who sought the LORD with all his heart. So the house of Ahaziah had no power to keep still the kingdom.	
2 Chronicles 23:11	Then they brought out the king's son, and put upon him the crown, and gave him the testimony, and made him king. And Jehoiada and his sons anointed him, and said, God save the king.	
2 Chronicles 23:12	Now when Athaliah heard the noise of the people running and praising the king, she came to the people into the house of the LORD:	
2 Chronicles 23:17	Then all the people went to the house of Baal, and brake it down, and brake his altars and his images in pieces, and slew Mattan the priest of Baal before the altars.	
2 Chronicles 23:19	And he set the porters at the gates of the house of the LORD, that none which was unclean in any thing should enter in.	
2 Chronicles 23:3	And all the congregation made a covenant with the king in the house of God. And he said unto them, Behold, the king's son shall reign, as the LORD hath said of the sons of David.	
2 Chronicles 24:10	And all the princes and all the people rejoiced, and brought in, and cast into the chest, until they had made an end.	
2 Chronicles 24:11	Now it came to pass, that at what time the chest was brought unto the king's office by the hand of the Levites, and when they saw that there was much money, the king's scribe and the high priest's officer came and emptied the chest, and took it, and carried it to his place again. Thus they did day by day, and gathered money in abundance.	
2 Chronicles 24:19	Yet he sent prophets to them, to bring them again unto the LORD; and they testified against them: but they would not give ear.	
2 Chronicles 24:25	And when they were departed from him, (for they left him in great diseases,) his own servants conspired against him for the blood of the sons of Jehoiada the priest, and slew him on his bed, and he died: and they buried him in the city of David, but they buried him not in the sepulchres of the kings.	
2 Chronicles 24:27	Now concerning his sons, and the greatness of the burdens laid upon him, and the repairing of the house of God, behold, they are written in the story of the book of the kings. And Amaziah his son reigned in his stead.	
2 Chronicles 24:4	And it came to pass after this, that Joash was minded to repair the house of the LORD.	
2 Chronicles 24:6	And the king called for Jehoiada the chief, and said unto him, Why hast thou not required of the Levites to bring in out of Judah and out of Jerusalem the collection, according to the commandment of Moses the servant of the LORD, and of the congregation of Israel, for the tabernacle of witness?	
2 Chronicles 24:8	And at the king's commandment they made a chest, and set it without at the gate of the house of the LORD.	
2 Chronicles 24:9	And they made a proclamation through Judah and Jerusalem, to bring in to the LORD the collection that Moses the servant of God laid upon Israel in the wilderness.	
2 Chronicles 25:19	Thou sayest, Lo, thou hast smitten the Edomites; and thine heart lifteth thee up to boast: abide now at home; why shouldest thou meddle to thine hurt, that thou shouldest fall, even thou, and Judah with thee?	
2 Chronicles 25:22	And Judah was put to the worse before Israel, and they fled every man to his tent.	
2 Chronicles 25:25	And Amaziah the son of Joash king of Judah lived after the death of Joash son of Jehoahaz king of Israel fifteen years.	
2 Chronicles 25:26	Now the rest of the acts of Amaziah, first and last, behold, are they not written in the book of the kings of Judah and Israel?	
2 Chronicles 25:4	But he slew not their children, but did as it is written in the law in the book of Moses, where the LORD commanded, saying, The fathers shall not die for the children, neither shall the children die for the fathers, but every man shall die for his own sin.	
2 Chronicles 26:16	But when he was strong, his heart was lifted up to his destruction: for he transgressed against the LORD his God, and went into the temple of the LORD to burn incense upon the altar of incense.	
2 Chronicles 26:2	He built Eloth, and restored it to Judah, after that the king slept with his fathers.	
2 Chronicles 26:3	Sixteen years old was Uzziah when he began to reign, and he reigned fifty and two years in Jerusalem. His mother's name also was Jecoliah of Jerusalem.	
2 Chronicles 26:5	And he sought God in the days of Zechariah, who had understanding in the visions of God: and as long as he sought the LORD, God made him to prosper.	
2 Chronicles 26:7	And God helped him against the Philistines, and against the Arabians that dwelt in Gurbaal, and the Mehunims.	
2 Chronicles 26:9	Moreover Uzziah built towers in Jerusalem at the corner gate, and at the valley gate, and at the turning of the wall, and fortified them.	
2 Chronicles 27:6	So Jotham became mighty, because he prepared his ways before the LORD his God.	
2 Chronicles 28:11	Now hear me therefore, and deliver the captives again, which ye have taken captive of your brethren: for the fierce wrath of the LORD is upon you.	
2 Chronicles 28:14	So the armed men left the captives and the spoil before the princes and all the congregation.	
2 Chronicles 28:19	For the LORD brought Judah low because of Ahaz king of Israel; for he made Judah naked, and transgressed sore against the LORD.	
2 Chronicles 28:20	And Tilgathpilneser king of Assyria came unto him, and distressed him, but strengthened him not.	
2 Chronicles 28:27	And Ahaz slept with his fathers, and they buried him in the city, even in Jerusalem: but they brought him not into the sepulchres of the kings of Israel: and Hezekiah his son reigned in his stead.	
2 Chronicles 28:3	Moreover he burnt incense in the valley of the son of Hinnom, and burnt his children in the fire, after the abominations of the heathen whom the LORD had cast out before the children of Israel.	
2 Chronicles 28:4	He sacrificed also and burnt incense in the high places, and on the hills, and under every green tree.	
2 Chronicles 28:8	And the children of Israel carried away captive of their brethren two hundred thousand, women, sons, and daughters, and took also away much spoil from them, and brought the spoil to Samaria.	
2 Chronicles 29:1	Hezekiah began to reign when he was five and twenty years old, and he reigned nine and twenty years in Jerusalem. And his mother's name was Abijah, the daughter of Zechariah.	
2 Chronicles 29:21	And they brought seven bullocks, and seven rams, and seven lambs, and seven he goats, for a sin offering for the kingdom, and for the sanctuary, and for Judah. And he commanded the priests the sons of Aaron to offer them on the altar of the LORD.	
2 Chronicles 29:22	So they killed the bullocks, and the priests received the blood, and sprinkled it on the altar: likewise, when they had killed the rams, they sprinkled the blood upon the altar: they killed also the lambs, and they sprinkled the blood upon the altar.	
2 Chronicles 29:24	And the priests killed them, and they made reconciliation with their blood upon the altar, to make an atonement for all Israel: for the king commanded that the burnt offering and the sin offering should be made for all Israel.	
2 Chronicles 29:25	And he set the Levites in the house of the LORD with cymbals, with psalteries, and with harps, according to the commandment of David, and of Gad the king's seer, and Nathan the prophet: for so was the commandment of the LORD by his prophets.	
2 Chronicles 29:28	And all the congregation worshipped, and the singers sang, and the trumpeters sounded: and all this continued until the burnt offering was finished.	
2 Chronicles 29:29	And when they had made an end of offering, the king and all that were present with him bowed themselves, and worshipped.	
2 Chronicles 29:30	Moreover Hezekiah the king and the princes commanded the Levites to sing praise unto the LORD with the words of David, and of Asaph the seer. And they sang praises with gladness, and they bowed their heads and worshipped.	
2 Chronicles 29:4	And he brought in the priests and the Levites, and gathered them together into the east street,	
2 Chronicles 29:9	For, lo, our fathers have fallen by the sword, and our sons and our daughters and our wives are in captivity for this.	
2 Chronicles 2:10	And, behold, I will give to thy servants, the hewers that cut timber, twenty thousand measures of beaten wheat, and twenty thousand measures of barley, and twenty thousand baths of wine, and twenty thousand baths of oil.	
2 Chronicles 2:12	Huram said moreover, Blessed be the LORD God of Israel, that made heaven and earth, who hath given to David the king a wise son, endued with prudence and understanding, that might build an house for the LORD, and an house for his kingdom.	
2 Chronicles 2:14	The son of a woman of the daughters of Dan, and his father was a man of Tyre, skillful to work in gold, and in silver, in brass, in iron, in stone, and in timber, in purple, in blue, and in fine linen, and in crimson; also to grave any manner of graving, and to find out every device which shall be put to him, with thy cunning men, and with the cunning men of my lord David thy father.	
2 Chronicles 2:15	Now therefore the wheat, and the barley, the oil, and the wine, which my lord hath spoken of, let him send unto his servants:	
2 Chronicles 2:16	And we will cut wood out of Lebanon, as much as thou shalt need: and we will bring it to thee in floats by sea to Joppa; and thou shalt carry it up to Jerusalem.	
2 Chronicles 2:17	And Solomon numbered all the strangers that were in the land of Israel, after the numbering wherewith David his father had numbered them; and they were found an hundred and fifty thousand and three thousand and six hundred.	
2 Chronicles 30:15	Then they killed the passover on the fourteenth day of the second month: and the priests and the Levites were ashamed, and sanctified themselves, and brought in the burnt offerings into the house of the LORD.	
2 Chronicles 30:16	And they stood in their place after their manner, according to the law of Moses the man of God: the priests sprinkled the blood, which they received of the hand of the Levites.	
2 Chronicles 30:18	For a multitude of the people, even many of Ephraim, and Manasseh, Issachar, and Zebulun, had not cleansed themselves, yet did they eat the passover otherwise than it was written. But Hezekiah prayed for them, saying, The good LORD pardon every one	
2 Chronicles 30:22	And Hezekiah spake comfortably unto all the Levites that taught the good knowledge of the LORD: and they did eat throughout the feast seven days, offering peace offerings, and making confession to the LORD God of their fathers.	
2 Chronicles 30:24	For Hezekiah king of Judah did give to the congregation a thousand bullocks and seven thousand sheep; and the princes gave to the congregation a thousand bullocks and ten thousand sheep: and a great number of priests sanctified themselves.	
2 Chronicles 30:25	And all the congregation of Judah, with the priests and the Levites, and all the congregation that came out of Israel, and the strangers that came out of the land of Israel, and that dwelt in Judah, rejoiced.	
2 Chronicles 30:26	So there was great joy in Jerusalem: for since the time of Solomon the son of David king of Israel there was not the like in Jerusalem.	
2 Chronicles 30:27	Then the priests the Levites arose and blessed the people: and their voice was heard, and their prayer came up to his holy dwelling place, even unto heaven.	
2 Chronicles 30:4	And the thing pleased the king and all the congregation.	
2 Chronicles 30:6	So the posts went with the letters from the king and his princes throughout all Israel and Judah, and according to the commandment of the king, saying, Ye children of Israel, turn again unto the LORD God of Abraham, Isaac, and Israel, and he will return to the remnant of you, that are escaped out of the hand of the kings of Assyria.	
2 Chronicles 31:1	Now when all this was finished, all Israel that were present went out to the cities of Judah, and brake the images in pieces, and cut down the groves, and threw down the high places and the altars out of all Judah and Benjamin, in Ephraim also and Manasseh, until they had utterly destroyed them all. Then all the children of Israel returned, every man to his possession, into their own cities.	
2 Chronicles 31:13	And Jehiel, and Azaziah, and Nahath, and Asahel, and Jerimoth, and Jozabad, and Eliel, and Ismachiah, and Mahath, and Benaiah, were overseers under the hand of Cononiah and Shimei his brother, at the commandment of Hezekiah the king, and Azariah the ruler of the house of God.	
2 Chronicles 31:20	And thus did Hezekiah throughout all Judah, and wrought that which was good and right and truth before the LORD his God.	
2 Chronicles 31:21	And in every work that he began in the service of the house of God, and in the law, and in the commandments, to seek his God, he did it with all his heart, and prospered.	
2 Chronicles 31:3	He appointed also the king's portion of his substance for the burnt offerings, to wit, for the morning and evening burnt offerings, and the burnt offerings for the sabbaths, and for the new moons, and for the set feasts, as it is written in the law of the LORD.	
2 Chronicles 31:8	And when Hezekiah and the princes came and saw the heaps, they blessed the LORD, and his people Israel.	
2 Chronicles 32:1	After these things, and the establishment thereof, Sennacherib king of Assyria came, and entered into Judah, and encamped against the fenced cities, and thought to win them for himself.	
2 Chronicles 32:12	Hath not the same Hezekiah taken away his high places and his altars, and commanded Judah and Jerusalem, saying, Ye shall worship before one altar, and burn incense upon it?	
2 Chronicles 32:13	Know ye not what I and my fathers have done unto all the people of other lands? were the gods of the nations of those lands any ways able to deliver their lands out of mine hand?	
2 Chronicles 32:14	Who was there among all the gods of those nations that my fathers utterly destroyed, that could deliver his people out of mine hand, that your God should be able to deliver you out of mine hand?	
2 Chronicles 32:19	And they spake against the God of Jerusalem, as against the gods of the people of the earth, which were the work of the hands of man.	
2 Chronicles 32:2	And when Hezekiah saw that Sennacherib was come, and that he was purposed to fight against Jerusalem,	
2 Chronicles 32:20	And for this cause Hezekiah the king, and the prophet Isaiah the son of Amoz, prayed and cried to heaven.	
2 Chronicles 32:21	And the LORD sent an angel, which cut off all the mighty men of valor, and the leaders and captains in the camp of the king of Assyria. So he returned with shame of face to his own land. And when he was come into the house of his god, they that came forth of his own bowels slew him there with the sword.	
2 Chronicles 32:23	And many brought gifts unto the LORD to Jerusalem, and presents to Hezekiah king of Judah: so that he was magnified in the sight of all nations from thenceforth.	
2 Chronicles 32:25	But Hezekiah rendered not again according to the benefit done unto him; for his heart was lifted up: therefore there was wrath upon him, and upon Judah and Jerusalem.	
2 Chronicles 32:27	And Hezekiah had exceeding much riches and honor: and he made himself treasuries for silver, and for gold, and for precious stones, and for spices, and for shields, and for all manner of pleasant jewels;	
2 Chronicles 32:3	He took counsel with his princes and his mighty men to stop the waters of the fountains which were without the city: and they did help him.	
2 Chronicles 32:32	Now the rest of the acts of Hezekiah, and his goodness, behold, they are written in the vision of Isaiah the prophet, the son of Amoz, and in the book of the kings of Judah and Israel.	
2 Chronicles 32:33	And Hezekiah slept with his fathers, and they buried him in the chiefest of the sepulchres of the sons of David: and all Judah and the inhabitants of Jerusalem did him honor at his death. And Manasseh his son reigned in his stead.	
2 Chronicles 32:5	Also he strengthened himself, and built up all the wall that was broken, and raised it up to the towers, and another wall without, and repaired Millo in the city of David, and made darts and shields in abundance.	
2 Chronicles 32:7	Be strong and courageous, be not afraid nor dismayed for the king of Assyria, nor for all the multitude that is with him: for there be more with us than with him:	
2 Chronicles 32:8	With him is an arm of flesh; but with us is the LORD our God to help us, and to fight our battles. And the people rested themselves upon the words of Hezekiah king of Judah.	
2 Chronicles 33:11	Wherefore the LORD brought upon them the captains of the host of the king of Assyria, which took Manasseh among the thorns, and bound him with fetters, and carried him to Babylon.	
2 Chronicles 33:12	And when he was in affliction, he besought the LORD his God, and humbled himself greatly before the God of his fathers,	
2 Chronicles 33:14	Now after this he built a wall without the city of David, on the west side of Gihon, in the valley, even to the entering in at the fish gate, and compassed about Ophel, and raised it up a very great height, and put captains of war in all the fenced cities of Judah.	
2 Chronicles 33:21	Amon was two and twenty years old when he began to reign, and reigned two years in Jerusalem.	
2 Chronicles 33:24	And his servants conspired against him, and slew him in his own house.	
2 Chronicles 33:4	Also he built altars in the house of the LORD, whereof the LORD had said, In Jerusalem shall my name be for ever.	
2 Chronicles 33:5	And he built altars for all the host of heaven in the two courts of the house of the LORD.	
2 Chronicles 33:7	And he set a carved image, the idol which he had made, in the house of God, of which God had said to David and to Solomon his son, In this house, and in Jerusalem, which I have chosen before all the tribes of Israel, will I put my name for ever:	
2 Chronicles 33:8	Neither will I any more remove the foot of Israel from out of the land which I have appointed for your fathers; so that they will take heed to do all that I have commanded them, according to the whole law and the statutes and the ordinances by the hand of Moses.	
2 Chronicles 34:12	And the men did the work faithfully: and the overseers of them were Jahath and Obadiah, the Levites, of the sons of Merari; and Zechariah and Meshullam, of the sons of the Kohathites, to set it forward; and other of the Levites, all that could skill of instruments of music.	
2 Chronicles 34:14	And when they brought out the money that was brought into the house of the LORD, Hilkiah the priest found a book of the law of the LORD given by Moses.	
2 Chronicles 34:2	And he did that which was right in the sight of the LORD, and walked in the ways of David his father, and declined neither to the right hand, nor to the left.	
2 Chronicles 34:27	Because thine heart was tender, and thou didst humble thyself before God, when thou heardest his words against this place, and against the inhabitants thereof, and humbledst thyself before me, and didst rend thy clothes, and weep before me; I have even heard thee also, saith the LORD.	
2 Chronicles 34:30	And the king went up into the house of the LORD, and all the men of Judah, and the inhabitants of Jerusalem, and the priests, and the Levites, and all the people, great and small: and he read in their ears all the words of the book of the covenant that was found in the house of the LORD.	
2 Chronicles 34:7	And when he had broken down the altars and the groves, and had beaten the graven images into powder, and cut down all the idols throughout all the land of Israel, he returned to Jerusalem.	
2 Chronicles 35:13	And they roasted the passover with fire according to the ordinance: but the other holy offerings sod they in pots, and in caldrons, and in pans, and divided them speedily among all the people.	
2 Chronicles 35:14	And afterward they made ready for themselves, and for the priests: because the priests the sons of Aaron were busied in offering of burnt offerings and the fat until night; therefore the Levites prepared for themselves, and for the priests the sons of Aaron.	
2 Chronicles 35:18	And there was no passover like to that kept in Israel from the days of Samuel the prophet; neither did all the kings of Israel keep such a passover as Josiah kept, and the priests, and the Levites, and all Judah and Israel that were present, and the inhabitants of Jerusalem.	
2 Chronicles 35:21	But he sent ambassadors to him, saying, What have I to do with thee, thou king of Judah? I come not against thee this day, but against the house wherewith I have war: for God commanded me to make haste: forbear thee from meddling with God, who is with me, that he destroy thee not.	
2 Chronicles 35:22	Nevertheless Josiah would not turn his face from him, but disguised himself, that he might fight with him, and hearkened not unto the words of Necho from the mouth of God, and came to fight in the valley of Megiddo.	
2 Chronicles 35:26	Now the rest of the acts of Josiah, and his goodness, according to that which was written in the law of the LORD,	
2 Chronicles 35:27	And his deeds, first and last, behold, they are written in the book of the kings of Israel and Judah.	
2 Chronicles 35:4	And prepare yourselves by the houses of your fathers, after your courses, according to the writing of David king of Israel, and according to the writing of Solomon his son.	
2 Chronicles 35:9	Conaniah also, and Shemaiah and Nethaneel, his brethren, and Hashabiah and Jeiel and Jozabad, chief of the Levites, gave unto the Levites for passover offerings five thousand small cattle, and five hundred oxen.	
2 Chronicles 36:20	And them that had escaped from the sword carried he away to Babylon; where they were servants to him and his sons until the reign of the kingdom of Persia:	
2 Chronicles 36:21	To fulfil the word of the LORD by the mouth of Jeremiah, until the land had enjoyed her sabbaths: for as long as she lay desolate she kept sabbath, to fulfil threescore and ten years.	
2 Chronicles 36:22	Now in the first year of Cyrus king of Persia, that the word of the LORD spoken by the mouth of Jeremiah might be accomplished, the LORD stirred up the spirit of Cyrus king of Persia, that he made a proclamation throughout all his kingdom, and put it also in writing, saying,	
2 Chronicles 36:9	Jehoiachin was eight years old when he began to reign, and he reigned three months and ten days in Jerusalem: and he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD.	
2 Chronicles 3:11	And the wings of the cherubim were twenty cubits long: one wing of the one cherub was five cubits, reaching to the wall of the house: and the other wing was likewise five cubits, reaching to the wing of the other cherub.	
2 Chronicles 3:12	And one wing of the other cherub was five cubits, reaching to the wall of the house: and the other wing was five cubits also, joining to the wing of the other cherub.	
2 Chronicles 3:13	The wings of these cherubim spread themselves forth twenty cubits: and they stood on their feet, and their faces were inward.	
2 Chronicles 3:4	And the porch that was in the front of the house, the length of it was according to the breadth of the house, twenty cubits, and the height was an hundred and twenty: and he overlaid it within with pure gold.	
2 Chronicles 3:5	And the greater house he cieled with fir tree, which he overlaid with fine gold, and set thereon palm trees and chains.	
2 Chronicles 3:6	And he garnished the house with precious stones for beauty: and the gold was gold of Parvaim.	
2 Chronicles 4:12	To wit, the two pillars, and the pommels, and the chapiters which were on the top of the two pillars, and the two wreaths to cover the two pommels of the chapiters which were on the top of the pillars;	
2 Chronicles 4:13	And four hundred pomegranates on the two wreaths; two rows of pomegranates on each wreath, to cover the two pommels of the chapiters which were upon the pillars.	
2 Chronicles 4:14	He made also bases, and lavers made he upon the bases;	
2 Chronicles 4:15	One sea, and twelve oxen under it.	
2 Chronicles 4:21	And the flowers, and the lamps, and the tongs, made he of gold, and that perfect gold;	
2 Chronicles 4:5	And the thickness of it was an handbreadth, and the brim of it like the work of the brim of a cup, with flowers of lilies; and it received and held three thousand baths.	
2 Chronicles 4:8	He made also ten tables, and placed them in the temple, five on the right side, and five on the left. And he made an hundred basins of gold.	
2 Chronicles 5:11	And it came to pass, when the priests were come out of the holy place: (for all the priests that were present were sanctified, and did not then wait by course:	
2 Chronicles 5:12	Also the Levites which were the singers, all of them of Asaph, of Heman, of Jeduthun, with their sons and their brethren, being arrayed in white linen, having cymbals and psalteries and harps, stood at the east end of the altar, and with them an hundred and twenty priests sounding with trumpets:)	
2 Chronicles 5:3	Wherefore all the men of Israel assembled themselves unto the king in the feast which was in the seventh month.	
2 Chronicles 5:4	And all the elders of Israel came; and the Levites took up the ark.	
2 Chronicles 5:5	And they brought up the ark, and the tabernacle of the congregation, and all the holy vessels that were in the tabernacle, these did the priests and the Levites bring up.	
2 Chronicles 5:7	And the priests brought in the ark of the covenant of the LORD unto his place, to the oracle of the house, into the most holy place, even under the wings of the cherubim:	
2 Chronicles 6:15	Thou which hast kept with thy servant David my father that which thou hast promised him; and spakest with thy mouth, and hast fulfilled it with thine hand, as it is this day.	
2 Chronicles 6:17	Now then, O LORD God of Israel, let thy word be verified, which thou hast spoken unto thy servant David.	
2 Chronicles 6:18	But will God in very deed dwell with men on the earth? behold, heaven and the heaven of heavens cannot contain thee; how much less this house which I have built!	
2 Chronicles 6:2	But I have built an house of habitation for thee, and a place for thy dwelling for ever.	
2 Chronicles 6:20	That thine eyes may be open upon this house day and night, upon the place whereof thou hast said that thou wouldest put thy name there; to hearken unto the prayer which thy servant prayeth toward this place.	
2 Chronicles 6:24	And if thy people Israel be put to the worse before the enemy, because they have sinned against thee; and shall return and confess thy name, and pray and make supplication before thee in this house;	
2 Chronicles 6:25	Then hear thou from the heavens, and forgive the sin of thy people Israel, and bring them again unto the land which thou gavest to them and to their fathers.	
2 Chronicles 6:3	And the king turned his face, and blessed the whole congregation of Israel: and all the congregation of Israel stood.	
2 Chronicles 6:30	Then hear thou from heaven thy dwelling place, and forgive, and render unto every man according unto all his ways, whose heart thou knowest; (for thou only knowest the hearts of the children of men:)	
2 Chronicles 6:35	Then hear thou from the heavens their prayer and their supplication, and maintain their cause.	
2 Chronicles 6:36	If they sin against thee, (for there is no man which sinneth not,) and thou be angry with them, and deliver them over before their enemies, and they carry them away captives unto a land far off or near;	
2 Chronicles 6:38	If they return to thee with all their heart and with all their soul in the land of their captivity, whither they have carried them captives, and pray toward their land, which thou gavest unto their fathers, and toward the city which thou hast chosen, and toward the house which I have built for thy name:	
2 Chronicles 6:40	Now, my God, let, I beseech thee, thine eyes be open, and let thine ears be attent unto the prayer that is made in this place.	
2 Chronicles 7:12	And the LORD appeared to Solomon by night, and said unto him, I have heard thy prayer, and have chosen this place to myself for an house of sacrifice.	
2 Chronicles 7:14	If my people, which are called by my name, shall humble themselves, and pray, and seek my face, and turn from their wicked ways; then will I hear from heaven, and will forgive their sin, and will heal their land.	
2 Chronicles 7:17	And as for thee, if thou wilt walk before me, as David thy father walked, and do according to all that I have commanded thee, and shalt observe my statutes and my judgments;	
2 Chronicles 7:19	But if ye turn away, and forsake my statutes and my commandments, which I have set before you, and shall go and serve other gods, and worship them;	
2 Chronicles 7:20	Then will I pluck them up by the roots out of my land which I have given them; and this house, which I have sanctified for my name, will I cast out of my sight, and will make it to be a proverb and a byword among all nations.	
2 Chronicles 7:22	And it shall be answered, Because they forsook the LORD God of their fathers, which brought them forth out of the land of Egypt, and laid hold on other gods, and worshipped them, and served them: therefore hath he brought all this evil upon them.	
2 Chronicles 7:3	And when all the children of Israel saw how the fire came down, and the glory of the LORD upon the house, they bowed themselves with their faces to the ground upon the pavement, and worshipped, and praised the LORD, saying, For he is good; for his mercy endureth for ever.	
2 Chronicles 7:4	Then the king and all the people offered sacrifices before the LORD.	
2 Chronicles 8:10	And these were the chief of king Solomon's officers, even two hundred and fifty, that bare rule over the people.	
2 Chronicles 8:11	And Solomon brought up the daughter of Pharaoh out of the city of David unto the house that he had built for her: for he said, My wife shall not dwell in the house of David king of Israel, because the places are holy, whereunto the ark of the LORD hath come.	
2 Chronicles 8:12	Then Solomon offered burnt offerings unto the LORD on the altar of the LORD, which he had built before the porch,	
2 Chronicles 8:18	And Huram sent him by the hands of his servants ships, and servants that had knowledge of the sea; and they went with the servants of Solomon to Ophir, and took thence four hundred and fifty talents of gold, and brought them to king Solomon.	
2 Chronicles 8:4	And he built Tadmor in the wilderness, and all the store cities, which he built in Hamath.	
2 Chronicles 9:10	And the servants also of Huram, and the servants of Solomon, which brought gold from Ophir, brought algum trees and precious stones.	
2 Chronicles 9:12	And king Solomon gave to the queen of Sheba all her desire, whatsoever she asked, beside that which she had brought unto the king. So she turned, and went away to her own land, she and her servants.	
2 Chronicles 9:14	Beside that which chapmen and merchants brought. And all the kings of Arabia and governors of the country brought gold and silver to Solomon.	
2 Chronicles 9:19	And twelve lions stood there on the one side and on the other upon the six steps. There was not the like made in any kingdom.	
2 Chronicles 9:20	And all the drinking vessels of king Solomon were of gold, and all the vessels of the house of the forest of Lebanon were of pure gold: none were of silver; it was not any thing accounted of in the days of Solomon.	
2 Chronicles 9:21	For the king's ships went to Tarshish with the servants of Huram: every three years once came the ships of Tarshish bringing gold, and silver, ivory, and apes, and peacocks.	
2 Chronicles 9:27	And the king made silver in Jerusalem as stones, and cedar trees made he as the sycamore trees that are in the low plains in abundance.	
2 Chronicles 9:30	And Solomon reigned in Jerusalem over all Israel forty years.	
2 Chronicles 9:31	And Solomon slept with his fathers, and he was buried in the city of David his father: and Rehoboam his son reigned in his stead.	
2 Chronicles 9:6	Howbeit I believed not their words, until I came, and mine eyes had seen it: and, behold, the one half of the greatness of thy wisdom was not told me: for thou exceedest the fame that I heard.	
2 Chronicles 9:9	And she gave the king an hundred and twenty talents of gold, and of spices great abundance, and precious stones: neither was there any such spice as the queen of Sheba gave king Solomon.	
2 Corinthians 10:10	For his letters, say they, are weighty and powerful; but his bodily presence is weak, and his speech contemptible.	
2 Corinthians 10:15	Not boasting of things without our measure, that is, of other men's labours; but having hope, when your faith is increased, that we shall be enlarged by you according to our rule abundantly,	
2 Corinthians 10:16	To preach the gospel in the regions beyond you, and not to boast in another man's line of things made ready to our hand.	
2 Corinthians 10:3	For though we walk in the flesh, we do not war after the flesh:	
2 Corinthians 10:4	(For the weapons of our warfare are not carnal, but mighty through God to the pulling down of strong holds;)	
2 Corinthians 11:10	As the truth of Christ is in me, no man shall stop me of this boasting in the regions of Achaia.	
2 Corinthians 11:11	Wherefore? because I love you not? God knoweth.	
2 Corinthians 11:13	For such are false apostles, deceitful workers, transforming themselves into the apostles of Christ.	
2 Corinthians 11:15	Therefore it is no great thing if his ministers also be transformed as the ministers of righteousness; whose end shall be according to their works.	
2 Corinthians 11:19	For ye suffer fools gladly, seeing ye yourselves are wise.	
2 Corinthians 11:23	Are they ministers of Christ? (I speak as a fool) I am more; in labours more abundant, in stripes above measure, in prisons more frequent, in deaths oft.	
2 Corinthians 11:24	Of the Jews five times received I forty stripes save one.	
2 Corinthians 11:25	Thrice was I beaten with rods, once was I stoned, thrice I suffered shipwreck, a night and a day I have been in the deep;	
2 Corinthians 11:27	In weariness and painfulness, in watchings often, in hunger and thirst, in fastings often, in cold and nakedness.	
2 Corinthians 11:28	Beside those things that are without, that which cometh upon me daily, the care of all the churches.	
2 Corinthians 11:32	In Damascus the governor under Aretas the king kept the city of the Damascenes with a garrison, desirous to apprehend me:	
2 Corinthians 11:33	And through a window in a basket was I let down by the wall, and escaped his hands.	
2 Corinthians 11:8	I robbed other churches, taking wages of them, to do you service.	
2 Corinthians 12:10	Therefore I take pleasure in infirmities, in reproaches, in necessities, in persecutions, in distresses for Christ's sake: for when I am weak, then am I strong.	
2 Corinthians 12:12	Truly the signs of an apostle were wrought among you in all patience, in signs, and wonders, and mighty deeds.	
2 Corinthians 12:15	And I will very gladly spend and be spent for you; though the more abundantly I love you, the less I be loved.	
2 Corinthians 12:20	For I fear, lest, when I come, I shall not find you such as I would, and that I shall be found unto you such as ye would not: lest there be debates, envyings, wraths, strifes, backbitings, whisperings, swellings, tumults:	
2 Corinthians 12:21	And lest, when I come again, my God will humble me among you, and that I shall bewail many which have sinned already, and have not repented of the uncleanness and fornication and lasciviousness which they have committed.	
2 Corinthians 12:3	And I knew such a man, (whether in the body, or out of the body, I cannot tell: God knoweth;)	
2 Corinthians 12:4	How that he was caught up into paradise, and heard unspeakable words, which it is not lawful for a man to utter.	
2 Corinthians 12:6	For though I would desire to glory, I shall not be a fool; for I will say the truth: but now I forbear, lest any man should think of me above that which he seeth me to be, or that he heareth of me.	
2 Corinthians 12:7	And lest I should be exalted above measure through the abundance of the revelations, there was given to me a thorn in the flesh, the messenger of Satan to buffet me, lest I should be exalted above measure.	
2 Corinthians 12:8	For this thing I besought the Lord thrice, that it might depart from me.	
2 Corinthians 13:1	This is the third time I am coming to you. In the mouth of two or three witnesses shall every word be established.	
2 Corinthians 13:10	Therefore I write these things being absent, lest being present I should use sharpness, according to the power which the Lord hath given me to edification, and not to destruction.	
2 Corinthians 13:11	Finally, brethren, farewell. Be perfect, be of good comfort, be of one mind, live in peace; and the God of love and peace shall be with you.	
2 Corinthians 13:5	Examine yourselves, whether ye be in the faith; prove your own selves. Know ye not your own selves, how that Jesus Christ is in you, except ye be reprobates?	
2 Corinthians 13:7	Now I pray to God that ye do no evil; not that we should appear approved, but that ye should do that which is honest, though we be as reprobates.	
2 Corinthians 1:13	For we write none other things unto you, than what ye read or acknowledge; and I trust ye shall acknowledge even to the end;	
2 Corinthians 1:16	And to pass by you into Macedonia, and to come again out of Macedonia unto you, and of you to be brought on my way toward Judaea.	
2 Corinthians 1:3	Blessed be God, even the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, the Father of mercies, and the God of all comfort;	
2 Corinthians 2:14	Now thanks be unto God, which always causeth us to triumph in Christ, and maketh manifest the savour of his knowledge by us in every place.	
2 Corinthians 2:16	To the one we are the savour of death unto death; and to the other the savour of life unto life. And who is sufficient for these things?	
2 Corinthians 2:3	And I wrote this same unto you, lest, when I came, I should have sorrow from them of whom I ought to rejoice; having confidence in you all, that my joy is the joy of you all.	
2 Corinthians 2:4	For out of much affliction and anguish of heart I wrote unto you with many tears; not that ye should be grieved, but that ye might know the love which I have more abundantly unto you.	
2 Corinthians 2:7	So that contrariwise ye ought rather to forgive him, and comfort him, lest perhaps such a one should be swallowed up with overmuch sorrow.	
2 Corinthians 2:8	Wherefore I beseech you that ye would confirm your love toward him.	
2 Corinthians 2:9	For to this end also did I write, that I might know the proof of you, whether ye be obedient in all things.	
2 Corinthians 3:14	But their minds were blinded: for until this day remaineth the same vail untaken away in the reading of the old testament; which vail is done away in Christ.	
2 Corinthians 3:16	Nevertheless when it shall turn to the Lord, the vail shall be taken away.	
2 Corinthians 3:2	Ye are our epistle written in our hearts, known and read of all men:	
2 Corinthians 3:3	Forasmuch as ye are manifestly declared to be the epistle of Christ ministered by us, written not with ink, but with the Spirit of the living God; not in tables of stone, but in fleshy tables of the heart.	
2 Corinthians 3:6	Who also hath made us able ministers of the new testament; not of the letter, but of the spirit: for the letter killeth, but the spirit giveth life.	
2 Corinthians 4:1	Therefore seeing we have this ministry, as we have received mercy, we faint not;	
2 Corinthians 4:12	So then death worketh in us, but life in you.	
2 Corinthians 4:14	Knowing that he which raised up the Lord Jesus shall raise up us also by Jesus, and shall present us with you.	
2 Corinthians 4:15	For all things are for your sakes, that the abundant grace might through the thanksgiving of many redound to the glory of God.	
2 Corinthians 4:4	In whom the god of this world hath blinded the minds of them which believe not, lest the light of the glorious gospel of Christ, who is the image of God, should shine unto them.	
2 Corinthians 4:6	For God, who commanded the light to shine out of darkness, hath shined in our hearts, to give the light of the knowledge of the glory of God in the face of Jesus Christ.	
2 Corinthians 4:9	Persecuted, but not forsaken; cast down, but not destroyed;	
2 Corinthians 5:12	For we commend not ourselves again unto you, but give you occasion to glory on our behalf, that ye may have somewhat to answer them which glory in appearance, and not in heart.	
2 Corinthians 5:13	For whether we be beside ourselves, it is to God: or whether we be sober, it is for your cause.	
2 Corinthians 5:21	For he hath made him to be sin for us, who knew no sin; that we might be made the righteousness of God in him.	
2 Corinthians 5:6	Therefore we are always confident, knowing that, whilst we are at home in the body, we are absent from the Lord:	
2 Corinthians 5:8	We are confident, I say, and willing rather to be absent from the body, and to be present with the Lord.	
2 Corinthians 6:12	Ye are not straitened in us, but ye are straitened in your own bowels.	
2 Corinthians 6:13	Now for a recompence in the same, (I speak as unto my children,) be ye also enlarged.	
2 Corinthians 6:4	But in all things approving ourselves as the ministers of God, in much patience, in afflictions, in necessities, in distresses,	
2 Corinthians 6:7	By the word of truth, by the power of God, by the armour of righteousness on the right hand and on the left,	
2 Corinthians 7:11	For behold this selfsame thing, that ye sorrowed after a godly sort, what carefulness it wrought in you, yea, what clearing of yourselves, yea, what indignation, yea, what fear, yea, what vehement desire, yea, what zeal, yea, what revenge! In all things ye have approved yourselves to be clear in this matter.	
2 Corinthians 7:13	Therefore we were comforted in your comfort: yea, and exceedingly the more joyed we for the joy of Titus, because his spirit was refreshed by you all.	
2 Corinthians 7:15	And his inward affection is more abundant toward you, whilst he remembereth the obedience of you all, how with fear and trembling ye received him.	
2 Corinthians 7:2	Receive us; we have wronged no man, we have corrupted no man, we have defrauded no man.	
2 Corinthians 7:3	I speak not this to condemn you: for I have said before, that ye are in our hearts to die and live with you.	
2 Corinthians 7:9	Now I rejoice, not that ye were made sorry, but that ye sorrowed to repentance: for ye were made sorry after a godly manner, that ye might receive damage by us in nothing.	
2 Corinthians 8:14	But by an equality, that now at this time your abundance may be a supply for their want, that their abundance also may be a supply for your want: that there may be equality:	
2 Corinthians 8:15	As it is written, He that had gathered much had nothing over; and he that had gathered little had no lack.	
2 Corinthians 8:18	And we have sent with him the brother, whose praise is in the gospel throughout all the churches;	
2 Corinthians 8:22	And we have sent with them our brother, whom we have oftentimes proved diligent in many things, but now much more diligent, upon the great confidence which I have in you.	
2 Corinthians 8:6	Insomuch that we desired Titus, that as he had begun, so he would also finish in you the same grace also.	
2 Corinthians 9:12	For the administration of this service not only supplieth the want of the saints, but is abundant also by many thanksgivings unto God;	
2 Corinthians 9:14	And by their prayer for you, which long after you for the exceeding grace of God in you.	
2 Corinthians 9:3	Yet have I sent the brethren, lest our boasting of you should be in vain in this behalf; that, as I said, ye may be ready:	
2 Corinthians 9:6	But this I say, He which soweth sparingly shall reap also sparingly; and he which soweth bountifully shall reap also bountifully.	
2 John 1:1	The elder unto the elect lady and her children, whom I love in the truth; and not I only, but also all they that have known the truth;	
2 John 1:6	And this is love, that we walk after his commandments. This is the commandment, That, as ye have heard from the beginning, ye should walk in it.	
2 John 1:9	Whosoever transgresseth, and abideth not in the doctrine of Christ, hath not God. He that abideth in the doctrine of Christ, he hath both the Father and the Son.	
2 Kings 10:11	So Jehu slew all that remained of the house of Ahab in Jezreel, and all his great men, and his kinsfolk, and his priests, until he left him none remaining.	
2 Kings 10:14	And he said, Take them alive. And they took them alive, and slew them at the pit of the shearing house, even two and forty men; neither left he any of them.	
2 Kings 10:16	And he said, Come with me, and see my zeal for the LORD. So they made him ride in his chariot.	
2 Kings 10:17	And when he came to Samaria, he slew all that remained unto Ahab in Samaria, till he had destroyed him, according to the saying of the LORD, which he spake to Elijah.	
2 Kings 10:19	Now therefore call unto me all the prophets of Baal, all his servants, and all his priests; let none be wanting: for I have a great sacrifice to do to Baal; whosoever shall be wanting, he shall not live. But Jehu did it in subtilty, to the intent that he might destroy the worshippers of Baal.	
2 Kings 10:3	Look even out the best and meetest of your master's sons, and set him on his father's throne, and fight for your master's house.	
2 Kings 10:31	But Jehu took no heed to walk in the law of the LORD God of Israel with all his heart: for he departed not from the sins of Jeroboam, which made Israel to sin.	
2 Kings 10:33	From Jordan eastward, all the land of Gilead, the Gadites, and the Reubenites, and the Manassites, from Aroer, which is by the river Arnon, even Gilead and Bashan.	
2 Kings 10:5	And he that was over the house, and he that was over the city, the elders also, and the bringers up of the children, sent to Jehu, saying, We are thy servants, and will do all that thou shalt bid us; we will not make any king: do thou that which is good in thine eyes.	
2 Kings 11:14	And when she looked, behold, the king stood by a pillar, as the manner was, and the princes and the trumpeters by the king, and all the people of the land rejoiced, and blew with trumpets: and Athaliah rent her clothes, and cried, Treason, Treason.	
2 Kings 11:15	But Jehoiada the priest commanded the captains of the hundreds, the officers of the host, and said unto them, Have her forth without the ranges: and him that followeth her kill with the sword. For the priest had said, Let her not be slain in the house of the LORD.	
2 Kings 11:16	And they laid hands on her; and she went by the way by the which the horses came into the king's house: and there was she slain.	
2 Kings 11:2	But Jehosheba, the daughter of king Joram, sister of Ahaziah, took Joash the son of Ahaziah, and stole him from among the king's sons which were slain; and they hid him, even him and his nurse, in the bedchamber from Athaliah, so that he was not slain.	
2 Kings 11:3	And he was with her hid in the house of the LORD six years. And Athaliah did reign over the land.	
2 Kings 11:9	And the captains over the hundreds did according to all things that Jehoiada the priest commanded: and they took every man his men that were to come in on the sabbath, with them that should go out on the sabbath, and came to Jehoiada the priest.	
2 Kings 12:11	And they gave the money, being told, into the hands of them that did the work, that had the oversight of the house of the LORD: and they laid it out to the carpenters and builders, that wrought upon the house of the LORD,	
2 Kings 12:17	Then Hazael king of Syria went up, and fought against Gath, and took it: and Hazael set his face to go up to Jerusalem.	
2 Kings 12:2	And Jehoash did that which was right in the sight of the LORD all his days wherein Jehoiada the priest instructed him.	
2 Kings 12:5	Let the priests take it to them, every man of his acquaintance: and let them repair the breaches of the house, wheresoever any breach shall be found.	
2 Kings 12:6	But it was so, that in the three and twentieth year of king Jehoash the priests had not repaired the breaches of the house.	
2 Kings 13:24	So Hazael king of Syria died; and Benhadad his son reigned in his stead.	
2 Kings 13:3	And the anger of the LORD was kindled against Israel, and he delivered them into the hand of Hazael king of Syria, and into the hand of Benhadad the son of Hazael, all their days.	
2 Kings 13:5	(And the LORD gave Israel a saviour, so that they went out from under the hand of the Syrians: and the children of Israel dwelt in their tents, as beforetime.	
2 Kings 14:15	Now the rest of the acts of Jehoash which he did, and his might, and how he fought with Amaziah king of Judah, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?	
2 Kings 14:17	And Amaziah the son of Joash king of Judah lived after the death of Jehoash son of Jehoahaz king of Israel fifteen years.	
2 Kings 14:18	And the rest of the acts of Amaziah, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?	
2 Kings 14:20	And they brought him on horses: and he was buried at Jerusalem with his fathers in the city of David.	
2 Kings 14:27	And the LORD said not that he would blot out the name of Israel from under heaven: but he saved them by the hand of Jeroboam the son of Joash.	
2 Kings 14:4	Howbeit the high places were not taken away: as yet the people did sacrifice and burnt incense on the high places.	
2 Kings 14:6	But the children of the murderers he slew not: according unto that which is written in the book of the law of Moses, wherein the LORD commanded, saying, The fathers shall not be put to death for the children, nor the children be put to death for the fathers; but every man shall be put to death for his own sin.	
2 Kings 14:8	Then Amaziah sent messengers to Jehoash, the son of Jehoahaz son of Jehu, king of Israel, saying, Come, let us look one another in the face.	
2 Kings 15:11	And the rest of the acts of Zachariah, behold, they are written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel.	
2 Kings 15:15	And the rest of the acts of Shallum, and his conspiracy which he made, behold, they are written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel.	
2 Kings 15:21	And the rest of the acts of Menahem, and all that he did, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?	
2 Kings 15:25	But Pekah the son of Remaliah, a captain of his, conspired against him, and smote him in Samaria, in the palace of the king's house, with Argob and Arieh, and with him fifty men of the Gileadites: and he killed him, and reigned in his room.	
2 Kings 15:30	And Hoshea the son of Elah made a conspiracy against Pekah the son of Remaliah, and smote him, and slew him, and reigned in his stead, in the twentieth year of Jotham the son of Uzziah.	
2 Kings 15:34	And he did that which was right in the sight of the LORD: he did according to all that his father Uzziah had done.	
2 Kings 15:37	In those days the LORD began to send against Judah Rezin the king of Syria, and Pekah the son of Remaliah.	
2 Kings 15:5	And the LORD smote the king, so that he was a leper unto the day of his death, and dwelt in a several house. And Jotham the king's son was over the house, judging the people of the land.	
2 Kings 15:6	And the rest of the acts of Azariah, and all that he did, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?	
2 Kings 15:8	In the thirty and eighth year of Azariah king of Judah did Zachariah the son of Jeroboam reign over Israel in Samaria six months.	
2 Kings 15:9	And he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD, as his fathers had done: he departed not from the sins of Jeroboam the son of Nebat, who made Israel to sin.	
2 Kings 16:13	And he burnt his burnt offering and his meat offering, and poured his drink offering, and sprinkled the blood of his peace offerings, upon the altar.	
2 Kings 16:15	And king Ahaz commanded Urijah the priest, saying, Upon the great altar burn the morning burnt offering, and the evening meat offering, and the king's burnt sacrifice, and his meat offering, with the burnt offering of all the people of the land, and their meat offering, and their drink offerings; and sprinkle upon it all the blood of the burnt offering, and all the blood of the sacrifice: and the brazen altar shall be for me to enquire by.	
2 Kings 16:18	And the covert for the sabbath that they had built in the house, and the king's entry without, turned he from the house of the LORD for the king of Assyria.	
2 Kings 16:3	But he walked in the way of the kings of Israel, yea, and made his son to pass through the fire, according to the abominations of the heathen, whom the LORD cast out from before the children of Israel.	
2 Kings 16:7	So Ahaz sent messengers to Tiglathpileser king of Assyria, saying, I am thy servant and thy son: come up, and save me out of the hand of the king of Syria, and out of the hand of the king of Israel, which rise up against me.	
2 Kings 16:8	And Ahaz took the silver and gold that was found in the house of the LORD, and in the treasures of the king's house, and sent it for a present to the king of Assyria.	
2 Kings 17:12	For they served idols, whereof the LORD had said unto them, Ye shall not do this thing.	
2 Kings 17:14	Notwithstanding they would not hear, but hardened their necks, like to the neck of their fathers, that did not believe in the LORD their God.	
2 Kings 17:27	Then the king of Assyria commanded, saying, Carry thither one of the priests whom ye brought from thence; and let them go and dwell there, and let him teach them the manner of the God of the land.	
2 Kings 17:29	Howbeit every nation made gods of their own, and put them in the houses of the high places which the Samaritans had made, every nation in their cities wherein they dwelt.	
2 Kings 17:3	Against him came up Shalmaneser king of Assyria; and Hoshea became his servant, and gave him presents.	
2 Kings 17:30	And the men of Babylon made Succothbenoth, and the men of Cuth made Nergal, and the men of Hamath made Ashima,	
2 Kings 17:38	And the covenant that I have made with you ye shall not forget; neither shall ye fear other gods.	
2 Kings 17:40	Howbeit they did not hearken, but they did after their former manner.	
2 Kings 17:41	So these nations feared the LORD, and served their graven images, both their children, and their children's children: as did their fathers, so do they unto this day.	
2 Kings 17:8	And walked in the statutes of the heathen, whom the LORD cast out from before the children of Israel, and of the kings of Israel, which they had made.	
2 Kings 17:9	And the children of Israel did secretly those things that were not right against the LORD their God, and they built them high places in all their cities, from the tower of the watchmen to the fenced city.	
2 Kings 18:10	And at the end of three years they took it: even in the sixth year of Hezekiah, that is in the ninth year of Hoshea king of Israel, Samaria was taken.	
2 Kings 18:19	And Rabshakeh said unto them, Speak ye now to Hezekiah, Thus saith the great king, the king of Assyria, What confidence is this wherein thou trustest?	
2 Kings 18:3	And he did that which was right in the sight of the LORD, according to all that David his father did.	
2 Kings 18:31	Hearken not to Hezekiah: for thus saith the king of Assyria, Make an agreement with me by a present, and come out to me, and then eat ye every man of his own vine, and every one of his fig tree, and drink ye every one the waters of his cistern:	
2 Kings 18:6	For he clave to the LORD, and departed not from following him, but kept his commandments, which the LORD commanded Moses.	
2 Kings 19:12	Have the gods of the nations delivered them which my fathers have destroyed; as Gozan, and Haran, and Rezeph, and the children of Eden which were in Thelasar?	
2 Kings 19:15	And Hezekiah prayed before the LORD, and said, O LORD God of Israel, which dwellest between the cherubim, thou art the God, even thou alone, of all the kingdoms of the earth; thou hast made heaven and earth.	
2 Kings 19:21	This is the word that the LORD hath spoken concerning him; The virgin the daughter of Zion hath despised thee, and laughed thee to scorn; the daughter of Jerusalem hath shaken her head at thee.	
2 Kings 19:30	And the remnant that is escaped of the house of Judah shall yet again take root downward, and bear fruit upward.	
2 Kings 19:33	By the way that he came, by the same shall he return, and shall not come into this city, saith the LORD.	
2 Kings 19:34	For I will defend this city, to save it, for mine own sake, and for my servant David's sake.	
2 Kings 19:8	So Rabshakeh returned, and found the king of Assyria warring against Libnah: for he had heard that he was departed from Lachish.	
2 Kings 1:1	Then Moab rebelled against Israel after the death of Ahab.	
2 Kings 1:11	Again also he sent unto him another captain of fifty with his fifty. And he answered and said unto him, O man of God, thus hath the king said, Come down quickly.	
2 Kings 1:14	Behold, there came fire down from heaven, and burnt up the two captains of the former fifties with their fifties: therefore let my life now be precious in thy sight.	
2 Kings 1:15	And the angel of the LORD said unto Elijah, Go down with him: be not afraid of him. And he arose, and went down with him unto the king.	
2 Kings 1:16	And he said unto him, Thus saith the LORD, Forasmuch as thou hast sent messengers to enquire of Baalzebub the god of Ekron, is it not because there is no God in Israel to enquire of his word? therefore thou shalt not come down off that bed on which thou art gone up, but shalt surely die.	
2 Kings 1:4	Now therefore thus saith the LORD, Thou shalt not come down from that bed on which thou art gone up, but shalt surely die. And Elijah departed.	
2 Kings 1:7	And he said unto them, What manner of man was he which came up to meet you, and told you these words?	
2 Kings 1:8	And they answered him, He was an hairy man, and girt with a girdle of leather about his loins. And he said, It is Elijah the Tishbite.	
2 Kings 20:17	Behold, the days come, that all that is in thine house, and that which thy fathers have laid up in store unto this day, shall be carried into Babylon: nothing shall be left, saith the LORD.	
2 Kings 20:20	And the rest of the acts of Hezekiah, and all his might, and how he made a pool, and a conduit, and brought water into the city, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?	
2 Kings 20:5	Turn again, and tell Hezekiah the captain of my people, Thus saith the LORD, the God of David thy father, I have heard thy prayer, I have seen thy tears: behold, I will heal thee: on the third day thou shalt go up unto the house of the LORD.	
2 Kings 21:16	Moreover Manasseh shed innocent blood very much, till he had filled Jerusalem from one end to another; beside his sin wherewith he made Judah to sin, in doing that which was evil in the sight of the LORD.	
2 Kings 21:17	Now the rest of the acts of Manasseh, and all that he did, and his sin that he sinned, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?	
2 Kings 21:20	And he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD, as his father Manasseh did.	
2 Kings 21:22	And he forsook the LORD God of his fathers, and walked not in the way of the LORD.	
2 Kings 21:25	Now the rest of the acts of Amon which he did, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?	
2 Kings 21:26	And he was buried in his sepulchre in the garden of Uzza: and Josiah his son reigned in his stead.	
2 Kings 21:6	And he made his son pass through the fire, and observed times, and used enchantments, and dealt with familiar spirits and wizards: he wrought much wickedness in the sight of the LORD, to provoke him to anger.	
2 Kings 22:1	Josiah was eight years old when he began to reign, and he reigned thirty and one years in Jerusalem. And his mother's name was Jedidah, the daughter of Adaiah of Boscath.	
2 Kings 22:17	Because they have forsaken me, and have burned incense unto other gods, that they might provoke me to anger with all the works of their hands; therefore my wrath shall be kindled against this place, and shall not be quenched.	
2 Kings 22:18	But to the king of Judah which sent you to enquire of the LORD, thus shall ye say to him, Thus saith the LORD God of Israel, As touching the words which thou hast heard;	
2 Kings 22:19	Because thine heart was tender, and thou hast humbled thyself before the LORD, when thou heardest what I spake against this place, and against the inhabitants thereof, that they should become a desolation and a curse, and hast rent thy clothes, and wept before me; I also have heard thee, saith the LORD.	
2 Kings 22:4	Go up to Hilkiah the high priest, that he may sum the silver which is brought into the house of the LORD, which the keepers of the door have gathered of the people:	
2 Kings 22:9	And Shaphan the scribe came to the king, and brought the king word again, and said, Thy servants have gathered the money that was found in the house, and have delivered it into the hand of them that do the work, that have the oversight of the house of the LORD.	
2 Kings 23:1	And the king sent, and they gathered unto him all the elders of Judah and of Jerusalem.	
2 Kings 23:14	And he brake in pieces the images, and cut down the groves, and filled their places with the bones of men.	
2 Kings 23:19	And all the houses also of the high places that were in the cities of Samaria, which the kings of Israel had made to provoke the Lord to anger, Josiah took away, and did to them according to all the acts that he had done in Bethel.	
2 Kings 23:2	And the king went up into the house of the LORD, and all the men of Judah and all the inhabitants of Jerusalem with him, and the priests, and the prophets, and all the people, both small and great: and he read in their ears all the words of the book of the covenant which was found in the house of the LORD.	
2 Kings 23:28	Now the rest of the acts of Josiah, and all that he did, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?	
2 Kings 23:30	And his servants carried him in a chariot dead from Megiddo, and brought him to Jerusalem, and buried him in his own sepulchre. And the people of the land took Jehoahaz the son of Josiah, and anointed him, and made him king in his father's stead.	
2 Kings 23:33	And Pharaohnechoh put him in bands at Riblah in the land of Hamath, that he might not reign in Jerusalem; and put the land to a tribute of an hundred talents of silver, and a talent of gold.	
2 Kings 23:35	And Jehoiakim gave the silver and the gold to Pharaoh; but he taxed the land to give the money according to the commandment of Pharaoh: he exacted the silver and the gold of the people of the land, of every one according to his taxation, to give it unto Pharaohnechoh.	
2 Kings 23:37	And he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD, according to all that his fathers had done.	
2 Kings 23:6	And he brought out the grove from the house of the LORD, without Jerusalem, unto the brook Kidron, and burned it at the brook Kidron, and stamped it small to powder, and cast the powder thereof upon the graves of the children of the people.	
2 Kings 23:7	And he brake down the houses of the sodomites, that were by the house of the LORD, where the women wove hangings for the grove.	
2 Kings 23:8	And he brought all the priests out of the cities of Judah, and defiled the high places where the priests had burned incense, from Geba to Beersheba, and brake down the high places of the gates that were in the entering in of the gate of Joshua the governor of the city, which were on a man's left hand at the gate of the city.	
2 Kings 23:9	Nevertheless the priests of the high places came not up to the altar of the LORD in Jerusalem, but they did eat of the unleavened bread among their brethren.	
2 Kings 24:11	And Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came against the city, and his servants did besiege it.	
2 Kings 24:13	And he carried out thence all the treasures of the house of the LORD, and the treasures of the king's house, and cut in pieces all the vessels of gold which Solomon king of Israel had made in the temple of the LORD, as the LORD had said.	
2 Kings 24:3	Surely at the commandment of the LORD came this upon Judah, to remove them out of his sight, for the sins of Manasseh, according to all that he did;	
2 Kings 24:4	And also for the innocent blood that he shed: for he filled Jerusalem with innocent blood; which the LORD would not pardon.	
2 Kings 25:10	And all the army of the Chaldees, that were with the captain of the guard, brake down the walls of Jerusalem round about.	
2 Kings 25:11	Now the rest of the people that were left in the city, and the fugitives that fell away to the king of Babylon, with the remnant of the multitude, did Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard carry away.	
2 Kings 25:12	But the captain of the guard left of the door of the poor of the land to be vinedressers and husbandmen.	
2 Kings 25:14	And the pots, and the shovels, and the snuffers, and the spoons, and all the vessels of brass wherewith they ministered, took they away.	
2 Kings 25:19	And out of the city he took an officer that was set over the men of war, and five men of them that were in the king's presence, which were found in the city, and the principal scribe of the host, which mustered the people of the land, and threescore men of the people of the land that were found in the city:	
2 Kings 25:23	And when all the captains of the armies, they and their men, heard that the king of Babylon had made Gedaliah governor, there came to Gedaliah to Mizpah, even Ishmael the son of Nethaniah, and Johanan the son of Careah, and Seraiah the son of Tanhumeth the Netophathite, and Jaazaniah the son of a Maachathite, they and their men.	
2 Kings 25:26	And all the people, both small and great, and the captains of the armies, arose, and came to Egypt: for they were afraid of the Chaldees.	
2 Kings 25:30	And his allowance was a continual allowance given him of the king, a daily rate for every day, all the days of his life.	
2 Kings 25:6	So they took the king, and brought him up to the king of Babylon to Riblah; and they gave judgment upon him.	
2 Kings 2:13	He took up also the mantle of Elijah that fell from him, and went back, and stood by the bank of Jordan;	
2 Kings 2:16	And they said unto him, Behold now, there be with thy servants fifty strong men; let them go, we pray thee, and seek thy master: lest peradventure the Spirit of the LORD hath taken him up, and cast him upon some mountain, or into some valley. And he said, Ye shall not send.	
2 Kings 2:4	And Elijah said unto him, Elisha, tarry here, I pray thee; for the LORD hath sent me to Jericho. And he said, As the LORD liveth, and as thy soul liveth, I will not leave thee. So they came to Jericho.	
2 Kings 3:10	And the king of Israel said, Alas! that the LORD hath called these three kings together, to deliver them into the hand of Moab!	
2 Kings 3:17	For thus saith the LORD, Ye shall not see wind, neither shall ye see rain; yet that valley shall be filled with water, that ye may drink, both ye, and your cattle, and your beasts.	
2 Kings 3:21	And when all the Moabites heard that the kings were come up to fight against them, they gathered all that were able to put on armor, and upward, and stood in the border.	
2 Kings 3:24	And when they came to the camp of Israel, the Israelites rose up and smote the Moabites, so that they fled before them: but they went forward smiting the Moabites, even in their country.	
2 Kings 3:26	And when the king of Moab saw that the battle was too sore for him, he took with him seven hundred men that drew swords, to break through even unto the king of Edom: but they could not.	
2 Kings 4:1	Now there cried a certain woman of the wives of the sons of the prophets unto Elisha, saying, Thy servant my husband is dead; and thou knowest that thy servant did fear the LORD: and the creditor is come to take unto him my two sons to be bondmen.	
2 Kings 4:15	And he said, Call her. And when he had called her, she stood in the door.	
2 Kings 4:16	And he said, About this season, according to the time of life, thou shalt embrace a son. And she said, Nay, my lord, thou man of God, do not lie unto thine handmaid.	
2 Kings 4:19	And he said unto his father, My head, my head. And he said to a lad, Carry him to his mother.	
2 Kings 4:20	And when he had taken him, and brought him to his mother, he sat on her knees till noon, and then died.	
2 Kings 4:27	And when she came to the man of God to the hill, she caught him by the feet: but Gehazi came near to thrust her away. And the man of God said, Let her alone; for her soul is vexed within her: and the LORD hath hid it from me, and hath not told me.	
2 Kings 4:31	And Gehazi passed on before them, and laid the staff upon the face of the child; but there was neither voice, nor hearing. Wherefore he went again to meet him, and told him, saying, The child is not awaked.	
2 Kings 4:40	So they poured out for the men to eat. And it came to pass, as they were eating of the pottage, that they cried out, and said, O thou man of God, there is death in the pot. And they could not eat thereof.	
2 Kings 4:43	And his servitor said, What, should I set this before an hundred men? He said again, Give the people, that they may eat: for thus saith the LORD, They shall eat, and shall leave thereof.	
2 Kings 4:8	And it fell on a day, that Elisha passed to Shunem, where was a great woman; and she constrained him to eat bread. And so it was, that as oft as he passed by, he turned in thither to eat bread.	
2 Kings 4:9	And she said unto her husband, Behold now, I perceive that this is an holy man of God, which passeth by us continually.	
2 Kings 5:10	And Elisha sent a messenger unto him, saying, Go and wash in Jordan seven times, and thy flesh shall come again to thee, and thou shalt be clean.	
2 Kings 5:21	So Gehazi followed after Naaman. And when Naaman saw him running after him, he lighted down from the chariot to meet him, and said, Is all well?	
2 Kings 5:3	And she said unto her mistress, Would God my lord were with the prophet that is in Samaria! for he would recover him of his leprosy.	
2 Kings 5:6	And he brought the letter to the king of Israel, saying, Now when this letter is come unto thee, behold, I have therewith sent Naaman my servant to thee, that thou mayest recover him of his leprosy.	
2 Kings 6:10	And the king of Israel sent to the place which the man of God told him and warned him of, and saved himself there, not once nor twice.	
2 Kings 6:11	Therefore the heart of the king of Syria was sore troubled for this thing; and he called his servants, and said unto them, Will ye not show me which of us is for the king of Israel?	
2 Kings 6:15	And when the servant of the man of God was risen early, and gone forth, behold, an host compassed the city both with horses and chariots. And his servant said unto him, Alas, my master! how shall we do?	
2 Kings 6:21	And the king of Israel said unto Elisha, when he saw them, My father, shall I smite them? shall I smite them?	
2 Kings 6:30	And it came to pass, when the king heard the words of the woman, that he rent his clothes; and he passed by upon the wall, and the people looked, and, behold, he had sackcloth within upon his flesh.	
2 Kings 6:32	But Elisha sat in his house, and the elders sat with him; and the king sent a man from before him: but ere the messenger came to him, he said to the elders, See ye how this son of a murderer hath sent to take away mine head? look, when the messenger cometh, shut the door, and hold him fast at the door: is not the sound of his master's feet behind him?	
2 Kings 6:4	So he went with them. And when they came to Jordan, they cut down wood.	
2 Kings 6:5	But as one was felling a beam, the axe head fell into the water: and he cried, and said, Alas, master! for it was borrowed.	
2 Kings 6:7	Therefore said he, Take it up to thee. And he put out his hand, and took it.	
2 Kings 6:9	And the man of God sent unto the king of Israel, saying, Beware that thou pass not such a place; for thither the Syrians are come down.	
2 Kings 7:1	Then Elisha said, Hear ye the word of the LORD; Thus saith the LORD, To morrow about this time shall a measure of fine flour be sold for a shekel, and two measures of barley for a shekel, in the gate of Samaria.	
2 Kings 7:12	And the king arose in the night, and said unto his servants, I will now show you what the Syrians have done to us. They know that we be hungry; therefore are they gone out of the camp to hide themselves in the field, saying, When they come out of the city, we shall catch them alive, and get into the city.	
2 Kings 7:16	And the people went out, and spoiled the tents of the Syrians. So a measure of fine flour was sold for a shekel, and two measures of barley for a shekel, according to the word of the LORD.	
2 Kings 7:17	And the king appointed the lord on whose hand he leaned to have the charge of the gate: and the people trode upon him in the gate, and he died, as the man of God had said, who spake when the king came down to him.	
2 Kings 7:2	Then a lord on whose hand the king leaned answered the man of God, and said, Behold, if the LORD would make windows in heaven, might this thing be? And he said, Behold, thou shalt see it with thine eyes, but shalt not eat thereof.	
2 Kings 8:12	And Hazael said, Why weepeth my lord? And he answered, Because I know the evil that thou wilt do unto the children of Israel: their strong holds wilt thou set on fire, and their young men wilt thou slay with the sword, and wilt dash their children, and rip up their women with child.	
2 Kings 8:14	So he departed from Elisha, and came to his master; who said to him, What said Elisha to thee? And he answered, He told me that thou shouldest surely recover.	
2 Kings 8:2	And the woman arose, and did after the saying of the man of God: and she went with her household, and sojourned in the land of the Philistines seven years.	
2 Kings 8:22	Yet Edom revolted from under the hand of Judah unto this day. Then Libnah revolted at the same time.	
2 Kings 8:24	And Joram slept with his fathers, and was buried with his fathers in the city of David: and Ahaziah his son reigned in his stead.	
2 Kings 8:26	Two and twenty years old was Ahaziah when he began to reign; and he reigned one year in Jerusalem. And his mother's name was Athaliah, the daughter of Omri king of Israel.	
2 Kings 8:27	And he walked in the way of the house of Ahab, and did evil in the sight of the LORD, as did the house of Ahab: for he was the son in law of the house of Ahab.	
2 Kings 8:4	And the king talked with Gehazi the servant of the man of God, saying, Tell me, I pray thee, all the great things that Elisha hath done.	
2 Kings 9:14	So Jehu the son of Jehoshaphat the son of Nimshi conspired against Joram. (Now Joram had kept Ramothgilead, he and all Israel, because of Hazael king of Syria.	
2 Kings 9:19	Then he sent out a second on horseback, which came to them, and said, Thus saith the king, Is it peace? And Jehu answered, What hast thou to do with peace? turn thee behind me.	
2 Kings 9:21	And Joram said, Make ready. And his chariot was made ready. And Joram king of Israel and Ahaziah king of Judah went out, each in his chariot, and they went out against Jehu, and met him in the portion of Naboth the Jezreelite.	
2 Kings 9:28	And his servants carried him in a chariot to Jerusalem, and buried him in his sepulchre with his fathers in the city of David.	
2 Kings 9:3	Then take the box of oil, and pour it on his head, and say, Thus saith the LORD, I have anointed thee king over Israel. Then open the door, and flee, and tarry not.	
2 Kings 9:32	And he lifted up his face to the window, and said, Who is on my side? who? And there looked out to him two or three eunuchs.	
2 Kings 9:33	And he said, Throw her down. So they threw her down: and some of her blood was sprinkled on the wall, and on the horses: and he trode her under foot.	
2 Kings 9:37	And the carcass of Jezebel shall be as dung upon the face of the field in the portion of Jezreel; so that they shall not say, This is Jezebel.	
2 Kings 9:4	So the young man, even the young man the prophet, went to Ramothgilead.	
2 Kings 9:7	And thou shalt smite the house of Ahab thy master, that I may avenge the blood of my servants the prophets, and the blood of all the servants of the LORD, at the hand of Jezebel.	
2 Kings 9:8	For the whole house of Ahab shall perish: and I will cut off from Ahab him that pisseth against the wall, and him that is shut up and left in Israel:	
2 Peter 1:11	For so an entrance shall be ministered unto you abundantly into the everlasting kingdom of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ.	
2 Peter 1:12	Wherefore I will not be negligent to put you always in remembrance of these things, though ye know them, and be established in the present truth.	
2 Peter 1:16	For we have not followed cunningly devised fables, when we made known unto you the power and coming of our Lord Jesus Christ, but were eyewitnesses of his majesty.	
2 Peter 1:21	For the prophecy came not in old time by the will of man: but holy men of God spake as they were moved by the Holy Ghost.	
2 Peter 1:4	Whereby are given unto us exceeding great and precious promises: that by these ye might be partakers of the divine nature, having escaped the corruption that is in the world through lust.	
2 Peter 1:6	And to knowledge temperance; and to temperance patience; and to patience godliness;	
2 Peter 2:1	But there were false prophets also among the people, even as there shall be false teachers among you, who privily shall bring in damnable heresies, even denying the Lord that bought them, and bring upon themselves swift destruction.	
2 Peter 2:12	But these, as natural brute beasts, made to be taken and destroyed, speak evil of the things that they understand not; and shall utterly perish in their own corruption;	
2 Peter 2:2	And many shall follow their pernicious ways; by reason of whom the way of truth shall be evil spoken of.	
2 Peter 2:5	And spared not the old world, but saved Noah the eighth person, a preacher of righteousness, bringing in the flood upon the world of the ungodly;	
2 Peter 2:6	And turning the cities of Sodom and Gomorrha into ashes condemned them with an overthrow, making them an ensample unto those that after should live ungodly;	
2 Peter 2:7	And delivered just Lot, vexed with the filthy conversation of the wicked:	
2 Peter 2:8	(For that righteous man dwelling among them, in seeing and hearing, vexed his righteous soul from day to day with their unlawful deeds;)	
2 Peter 3:1	This second epistle, beloved, I now write unto you; in both which I stir up your pure minds by way of remembrance:	
2 Peter 3:18	But grow in grace, and in the knowledge of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ. To him be glory both now and for ever. Amen.	
2 Peter 3:3	Knowing this first, that there shall come in the last days scoffers, walking after their own lusts,	
2 Peter 3:5	For this they willingly are ignorant of, that by the word of God the heavens were of old, and the earth standing out of the water and in the water:	
2 Samuel 10:12	Be of good courage, and let us play the men for our people, and for the cities of our God: and the LORD do that which seemeth him good.	
2 Samuel 10:14	And when the children of Ammon saw that the Syrians were fled, then fled they also before Abishai, and entered into the city. So Joab returned from the children of Ammon, and came to Jerusalem.	
2 Samuel 10:4	Wherefore Hanun took David's servants, and shaved off the one half of their beards, and cut off their garments in the middle, even to their buttocks, and sent them away.	
2 Samuel 10:9	When Joab saw that the front of the battle was against him before and behind, he chose of all the choice men of Israel, and put them in array against the Syrians:	
2 Samuel 11:11	And Uriah said unto David, The ark, and Israel, and Judah, abide in tents; and my lord Joab, and the servants of my lord, are encamped in the open fields; shall I then go into mine house, to eat and to drink, and to lie with my wife? as thou livest, and as thy soul liveth, I will not do this thing.	
2 Samuel 11:23	And the messenger said unto David, Surely the men prevailed against us, and came out unto us into the field, and we were upon them even unto the entering of the gate.	
2 Samuel 11:5	And the woman conceived, and sent and told David, and said, I am with child.	
2 Samuel 11:6	And David sent to Joab, saying, Send me Uriah the Hittite. And Joab sent Uriah to David.	
2 Samuel 12:11	Thus saith the LORD, Behold, I will raise up evil against thee out of thine own house, and I will take thy wives before thine eyes, and give them unto thy neighbor, and he shall lie with thy wives in the sight of this sun.	
2 Samuel 12:12	For thou didst it secretly: but I will do this thing before all Israel, and before the sun.	
2 Samuel 12:16	David therefore besought God for the child; and David fasted, and went in, and lay all night upon the earth.	
2 Samuel 12:19	But when David saw that his servants whispered, David perceived that the child was dead: therefore David said unto his servants, Is the child dead? And they said, He is dead.	
2 Samuel 12:20	Then David arose from the earth, and washed, and anointed himself, and changed his apparel, and came into the house of the LORD, and worshipped: then he came to his own house; and when he required, they set bread before him, and he did eat.	
2 Samuel 12:22	And he said, While the child was yet alive, I fasted and wept: for I said, Who can tell whether GOD will be gracious to me, that the child may live?	
2 Samuel 12:29	And David gathered all the people together, and went to Rabbah, and fought against it, and took it.	
2 Samuel 12:3	But the poor man had nothing, save one little ewe lamb, which he had bought and nourished up: and it grew up together with him, and with his children; it did eat of his own meat, and drank of his own cup, and lay in his bosom, and was unto him as a daughter.	
2 Samuel 12:31	And he brought forth the people that were therein, and put them under saws, and under harrows of iron, and under axes of iron, and made them pass through the brick-kiln: and thus did he unto all the cities of the children of Ammon. So David and all the people returned unto Jerusalem.	
2 Samuel 12:8	And I gave thee thy master's house, and thy master's wives into thy bosom, and gave thee the house of Israel and of Judah; and if that had been too little, I would moreover have given unto thee such and such things.	
2 Samuel 13:24	And Absalom came to the king, and said, Behold now, thy servant hath sheepshearers; let the king, I beseech thee, and his servants go with thy servant.	
2 Samuel 13:34	But Absalom fled. And the young man that kept the watch lifted up his eyes, and looked, and, behold, there came much people by the way of the hill side behind him.	
2 Samuel 13:37	But Absalom fled, and went to Talmai, the son of Ammihud, king of Geshur. And David mourned for his son every day.	
2 Samuel 13:39	And the soul of king David longed to go forth unto Absalom: for he was comforted concerning Amnon, seeing he was dead.	
2 Samuel 14:1	Now Joab the son of Zeruiah perceived that the king's heart was toward Absalom.	
2 Samuel 14:11	Then said she, I pray thee, let the king remember the LORD thy God, that thou wouldest not suffer the revengers of blood to destroy any more, lest they destroy my son. And he said, As the LORD liveth, there shall not one hair of thy son fall to the earth.	
2 Samuel 14:12	Then the woman said, Let thine handmaid, I pray thee, speak one word unto my lord the king. And he said, Say on.	
2 Samuel 14:13	And the woman said, Wherefore then hast thou thought such a thing against the people of God? for the king doth speak this thing as one which is faulty, in that the king doth not fetch home again his banished.	
2 Samuel 14:20	To fetch about this form of speech hath thy servant Joab done this thing: and my lord is wise, according to the wisdom of an angel of God, to know all things that are in the earth.	
2 Samuel 14:25	But in all Israel there was none to be so much praised as Absalom for his beauty: from the sole of his foot even to the crown of his head there was no blemish in him.	
2 Samuel 14:29	Therefore Absalom sent for Joab, to have sent him to the king; but he would not come to him: and when he sent again the second time, he would not come.	
2 Samuel 14:3	And come to the king, and speak on this manner unto him. So Joab put the words in her mouth.	
2 Samuel 14:33	So Joab came to the king, and told him: and when he had called for Absalom, he came to the king, and bowed himself on his face to the ground before the king: and the king kissed Absalom.	
2 Samuel 14:9	And the woman of Tekoah said unto the king, My lord, O king, the iniquity be on me, and on my father's house: and the king and his throne be guiltless.	
2 Samuel 15:11	And with Absalom went two hundred men out of Jerusalem, that were called; and they went in their simplicity, and they knew not any thing.	
2 Samuel 15:12	And Absalom sent for Ahithophel the Gilonite, David's counselor, from his city, even from Giloh, while he offered sacrifices. And the conspiracy was strong; for the people increased continually with Absalom.	
2 Samuel 15:16	And the king went forth, and all his household after him. And the king left ten women, which were concubines, to keep the house.	
2 Samuel 15:18	And all his servants passed on beside him; and all the Cherethites, and all the Pelethites, and all the Gittites, six hundred men which came after him from Gath, passed on before the king.	
2 Samuel 15:21	And Ittai answered the king, and said, As the LORD liveth, and as my lord the king liveth, surely in what place my lord the king shall be, whether in death or life, even there also will thy servant be.	
2 Samuel 15:22	And David said to Ittai, Go and pass over. And Ittai the Gittite passed over, and all his men, and all the little ones that were with him.	
2 Samuel 15:25	And the king said unto Zadok, Carry back the ark of God into the city: if I shall find favor in the eyes of the LORD, he will bring me again, and show me both it, and his habitation:	
2 Samuel 15:5	And it was so, that when any man came nigh to him to do him obeisance, he put forth his hand, and took him, and kissed him.	
2 Samuel 15:6	And on this manner did Absalom to all Israel that came to the king for judgment: so Absalom stole the hearts of the men of Israel.	
2 Samuel 15:7	And it came to pass after forty years, that Absalom said unto the king, I pray thee, let me go and pay my vow, which I have vowed unto the LORD, in Hebron.	
2 Samuel 15:9	And the king said unto him, Go in peace. So he arose, and went to Hebron.	
2 Samuel 16:17	And Absalom said to Hushai, Is this thy kindness to thy friend? why wentest thou not with thy friend?	
2 Samuel 16:20	Then said Absalom to Ahithophel, Give counsel among you what we shall do.	
2 Samuel 16:22	So they spread Absalom a tent upon the top of the house; and Absalom went in unto his father's concubines in the sight of all Israel.	
2 Samuel 16:4	Then said the king to Ziba, Behold, thine are all that pertained unto Mephibosheth. And Ziba said, I humbly beseech thee that I may find grace in thy sight, my lord, O king.	
2 Samuel 16:5	And when king David came to Bahurim, behold, thence came out a man of the family of the house of Saul, whose name was Shimei, the son of Gera: he came forth, and cursed still as he came.	
2 Samuel 16:8	The LORD hath returned upon thee all the blood of the house of Saul, in whose stead thou hast reigned; and the LORD hath delivered the kingdom into the hand of Absalom thy son: and, behold, thou art taken in thy mischief, because thou art a bloody man.	
2 Samuel 17:10	And he also that is valiant, whose heart is as the heart of a lion, shall utterly melt: for all Israel knoweth that thy father is a mighty man, and they which be with him are valiant men.	
2 Samuel 17:14	And Absalom and all the men of Israel said, The counsel of Hushai the Archite is better than the counsel of Ahithophel. For the LORD had appointed to defeat the good counsel of Ahithophel, to the intent that the LORD might bring evil upon Absalom.	
2 Samuel 17:20	And when Absalom's servants came to the woman to the house, they said, Where is Ahimaaz and Jonathan? And the woman said unto them, They be gone over the brook of water. And when they had sought and could not find them, they returned to Jerusalem.	
2 Samuel 17:24	Then David came to Mahanaim. And Absalom passed over Jordan, he and all the men of Israel with him.	
2 Samuel 17:27	And it came to pass, when David was come to Mahanaim, that Shobi the son of Nahash of Rabbah of the children of Ammon, and Machir the son of Ammiel of Lodebar, and Barzillai the Gileadite of Rogelim,	
2 Samuel 17:4	And the saying pleased Absalom well, and all the elders of Israel.	
2 Samuel 18:1	And David numbered the people that were with him, and set captains of thousands, and captains of hundreds over them.	
2 Samuel 18:10	And a certain man saw it, and told Joab, and said, Behold, I saw Absalom hanged in an oak.	
2 Samuel 18:11	And Joab said unto the man that told him, And, behold, thou sawest him, and why didst thou not smite him there to the ground? and I would have given thee ten shekels of silver, and a girdle.	
2 Samuel 18:23	But howsoever, said he, let me run. And he said unto him, Run. Then Ahimaaz ran by the way of the plain, and overran Cushy.	
2 Samuel 18:25	And the watchman cried, and told the king. And the king said, If he be alone, there is tidings in his mouth. And he came apace, and drew near.	
2 Samuel 18:28	And Ahimaaz called, and said unto the king, All is well. And he fell down to the earth upon his face before the king, and said, Blessed be the LORD thy God, which hath delivered up the men that lifted up their hand against my lord the king.	
2 Samuel 18:32	And the king said unto Cushy, Is the young man Absalom safe? And Cushy answered, The enemies of my lord the king, and all that rise against thee to do thee hurt, be as that young man is.	
2 Samuel 18:5	And the king commanded Joab and Abishai and Ittai, saying, Deal gently for my sake with the young man, even with Absalom. And all the people heard when the king gave all the captains charge concerning Absalom.	
2 Samuel 18:6	So the people went out into the field against Israel: and the battle was in the wood of Ephraim;	
2 Samuel 18:9	And Absalom met the servants of David. And Absalom rode upon a mule, and the mule went under the thick boughs of a great oak, and his head caught hold of the oak, and he was taken up between the heaven and the earth; and the mule that was under him went away.	
2 Samuel 19:13	And say ye to Amasa, Art thou not of my bone, and of my flesh? God do so to me, and more also, if thou be not captain of the host before me continually in the room of Joab.	
2 Samuel 19:22	And David said, What have I to do with you, ye sons of Zeruiah, that ye should this day be adversaries unto me? shall there any man be put to death this day in Israel? for do not I know that I am this day king over Israel?	
2 Samuel 19:29	And the king said unto him, Why speakest thou any more of thy matters? I have said, Thou and Ziba divide the land.	
2 Samuel 19:30	And Mephibosheth said unto the king, Yea, let him take all, forasmuch as my lord the king is come again in peace unto his own house.	
2 Samuel 19:31	And Barzillai the Gileadite came down from Rogelim, and went over Jordan with the king, to conduct him over Jordan.	
2 Samuel 19:36	Thy servant will go a little way over Jordan with the king: and why should the king recompense it me with such a reward?	
2 Samuel 19:5	And Joab came into the house to the king, and said, Thou hast shamed this day the faces of all thy servants, which this day have saved thy life, and the lives of thy sons and of thy daughters, and the lives of thy wives, and the lives of thy concubines;	
2 Samuel 1:10	So I stood upon him, and slew him, because I was sure that he could not live after that he was fallen: and I took the crown that was upon his head, and the bracelet that was on his arm, and have brought them hither unto my lord.	
2 Samuel 1:15	And David called one of the young men, and said, Go near, and fall upon him. And he smote him that he died.	
2 Samuel 1:20	Tell it not in Gath, publish it not in the streets of Askelon; lest the daughters of the Philistines rejoice, lest the daughters of the uncircumcised triumph.	
2 Samuel 1:21	Ye mountains of Gilboa, let there be no dew, neither let there be rain, upon you, nor fields of offerings: for there the shield of the mighty is vilely cast away, the shield of Saul, as though he had not been anointed with oil.	
2 Samuel 1:3	And David said unto him, From whence comest thou? And he said unto him, Out of the camp of Israel am I escaped.	
2 Samuel 20:18	Then she spake, saying, They were wont to speak in old time, saying, They shall surely ask counsel at Abel: and so they ended the matter.	
2 Samuel 20:26	And Ira also the Jairite was a chief ruler about David.	
2 Samuel 20:3	And David came to his house at Jerusalem; and the king took the ten women his concubines, whom he had left to keep the house, and put them in ward, and fed them, but went not in unto them. So they were shut up unto the day of their death, living in widowhood.	
2 Samuel 20:5	So Amasa went to assemble the men of Judah: but he tarried longer than the set time which he had appointed him.	
2 Samuel 20:7	And there went out after him Joab's men, and the Cherethites, and the Pelethites, and all the mighty men: and they went out of Jerusalem, to pursue after Sheba the son of Bichri.	
2 Samuel 21:1	Then there was a famine in the days of David three years, year after year; and David inquired of the LORD. And the LORD answered, It is for Saul, and for his bloody house, because he slew the Gibeonites.	
2 Samuel 21:12	And David went and took the bones of Saul and the bones of Jonathan his son from the men of Jabeshgilead, which had stolen them from the street of Bethshan, where the Philistines had hanged them, when the Philistines had slain Saul in Gilboa:	
2 Samuel 21:13	And he brought up from thence the bones of Saul and the bones of Jonathan his son; and they gathered the bones of them that were hanged.	
2 Samuel 21:15	Moreover the Philistines had yet war again with Israel; and David went down, and his servants with him, and fought against the Philistines: and David waxed faint.	
2 Samuel 21:18	And it came to pass after this, that there was again a battle with the Philistines at Gob: then Sibbechai the Hushathite slew Saph, which was of the sons of the giant.	
2 Samuel 21:4	And the Gibeonites said unto him, We will have no silver nor gold of Saul, nor of his house; neither for us shalt thou kill any man in Israel. And he said, What ye shall say, that will I do for you.	
2 Samuel 22:16	And the channels of the sea appeared, the foundations of the world were discovered, at the rebuking of the LORD, at the blast of the breath of his nostrils.	
2 Samuel 22:18	He delivered me from my strong enemy, and from them that hated me: for they were too strong for me.	
2 Samuel 22:19	They prevented me in the day of my calamity: but the LORD was my stay.	
2 Samuel 22:2	And he said, The LORD is my rock, and my fortress, and my deliverer;	
2 Samuel 22:22	For I have kept the ways of the LORD, and have not wickedly departed from my God.	
2 Samuel 22:24	I was also upright before him, and have kept myself from mine iniquity.	
2 Samuel 22:26	With the merciful thou wilt show thyself merciful, and with the upright man thou wilt show thyself upright.	
2 Samuel 22:27	With the pure thou wilt show thyself pure; and with the froward thou wilt show thyself unsavory.	
2 Samuel 22:32	For who is God, save the LORD? and who is a rock, save our God?	
2 Samuel 22:35	He teacheth my hands to war; so that a bow of steel is broken by mine arms.	
2 Samuel 22:36	Thou hast also given me the shield of thy salvation: and thy gentleness hath made me great.	
2 Samuel 22:39	And I have consumed them, and wounded them, that they could not arise: yea, they are fallen under my feet.	
2 Samuel 22:4	I will call on the LORD, who is worthy to be praised: so shall I be saved from mine enemies.	
2 Samuel 22:42	They looked, but there was none to save; even unto the LORD, but he answered them not.	
2 Samuel 22:44	Thou also hast delivered me from the strivings of my people, thou hast kept me to be head of the heathen: a people which I knew not shall serve me.	
2 Samuel 22:6	The sorrows of hell compassed me about; the snares of death prevented me;	
2 Samuel 23:1	Now these be the last words of David. David the son of Jesse said, and the man who was raised up on high, the anointed of the God of Jacob, and the sweet psalmist of Israel, said,	
2 Samuel 23:10	He arose, and smote the Philistines until his hand was weary, and his hand clave unto the sword: and the LORD wrought a great victory that day; and the people returned after him only to spoil.	
2 Samuel 23:16	And the three mighty men brake through the host of the Philistines, and drew water out of the well of Bethlehem, that was by the gate, and took it, and brought it to David: nevertheless he would not drink thereof, but poured it out unto the LORD.	
2 Samuel 23:20	And Benaiah the son of Jehoiada, the son of a valiant man, of Kabzeel, who had done many acts, he slew two lionlike men of Moab: he went down also and slew a lion in the midst of a pit in time of snow:	
2 Samuel 23:25	Shammah the Harodite, Elika the Harodite,	
2 Samuel 23:27	Abiezer the Anethothite, Mebunnai the Hushathite,	
2 Samuel 23:32	Eliahba the Shaalbonite, of the sons of Jashen, Jonathan,	
2 Samuel 23:35	Hezrai the Carmelite, Paarai the Arbite,	
2 Samuel 23:36	Igal the son of Nathan of Zobah, Bani the Gadite,	
2 Samuel 23:7	But the man that shall touch them must be fenced with iron and the staff of a spear; and they shall be utterly burned with fire in the same place.	
2 Samuel 23:8	These be the names of the mighty men whom David had: The Tachmonite that sat in the seat, chief among the captains; the same was Adino the Eznite: he lift up his spear against eight hundred, whom he slew at one time.	
2 Samuel 23:9	And after him was Eleazar the son of Dodo the Ahohite, one of the three mighty men with David, when they defied the Philistines that were there gathered together to battle, and the men of Israel were gone away:	
2 Samuel 24:14	And David said unto Gad, I am in a great strait: let us fall now into the hand of the LORD; for his mercies are great: and let me not fall into the hand of man.	
2 Samuel 24:20	And Araunah looked, and saw the king and his servants coming on toward him: and Araunah went out, and bowed himself before the king on his face upon the ground.	
2 Samuel 24:22	And Araunah said unto David, Let my lord the king take and offer up what seemeth good unto him: behold, here be oxen for burnt sacrifice, and threshing instruments and other instruments of the oxen for wood.	
2 Samuel 24:23	All these things did Araunah, as a king, give unto the king. And Araunah said unto the king, The LORD thy God accept thee.	
2 Samuel 24:3	And Joab said unto the king, Now the LORD thy God add unto the people, how many soever they be, an hundredfold, and that the eyes of my lord the king may see it: but why doth my lord the king delight in this thing?	
2 Samuel 24:5	And they passed over Jordan, and pitched in Aroer, on the right side of the city that lieth in the midst of the river of Gad, and toward Jazer:	
2 Samuel 24:7	And came to the strong hold of Tyre, and to all the cities of the Hivites, and of the Canaanites: and they went out to the south of Judah, even to Beersheba.	
2 Samuel 24:8	So when they had gone through all the land, they came to Jerusalem at the end of nine months and twenty days.	
2 Samuel 2:14	And Abner said to Joab, Let the young men now arise, and play before us. And Joab said, Let them arise.	
2 Samuel 2:23	Howbeit he refused to turn aside: wherefore Abner with the hinder end of the spear smote him under the fifth rib, that the spear came out behind him; and he fell down there, and died in the same place: and it came to pass, that as many as came to the place where Asahel fell down and died stood still.	
2 Samuel 2:24	Joab also and Abishai pursued after Abner: and the sun went down when they were come to the hill of Ammah, that lieth before Giah by the way of the wilderness of Gibeon.	
2 Samuel 2:3	And his men that were with him did David bring up, every man with his household: and they dwelt in the cities of Hebron.	
2 Samuel 3:12	And Abner sent messengers to David on his behalf, saying, Whose is the land? saying also, Make thy league with me, and, behold, my hand shall be with thee, to bring about all Israel unto thee.	
2 Samuel 3:16	And her husband went with her along weeping behind her to Bahurim. Then said Abner unto him, Go, return. And he returned.	
2 Samuel 3:17	And Abner had communication with the elders of Israel, saying, Ye sought for David in times past to be king over you:	
2 Samuel 3:20	So Abner came to David to Hebron, and twenty men with him. And David made Abner and the men that were with him a feast.	
2 Samuel 3:26	And when Joab was come out from David, he sent messengers after Abner, which brought him again from the well of Sirah: but David knew it not.	
2 Samuel 3:29	Let it rest on the head of Joab, and on all his father's house; and let there not fail from the house of Joab one that hath an issue, or that is a leper, or that leaneth on a staff, or that falleth on the sword, or that lacketh bread.	
2 Samuel 3:30	So Joab, and Abishai his brother slew Abner, because he had slain their brother Asahel at Gibeon in the battle.	
2 Samuel 3:34	Thy hands were not bound, nor thy feet put into fetters: as a man falleth before wicked men, so fellest thou. And all the people wept again over him.	
2 Samuel 3:37	For all the people and all Israel understood that day that it was not of the king to slay Abner the son of Ner.	
2 Samuel 3:7	And Saul had a concubine, whose name was Rizpah, the daughter of Aiah: and Ishbosheth said to Abner, Wherefore hast thou gone in unto my father's concubine?	
2 Samuel 3:8	Then was Abner very wroth for the words of Ishbosheth, and said, Am I a dog's head, which against Judah do show kindness this day unto the house of Saul thy father, to his brethren, and to his friends, and have not delivered thee into the hand of David, that thou chargest me to day with a fault concerning this woman?	
2 Samuel 3:9	So do God to Abner, and more also, except, as the LORD hath sworn to David, even so I do to him;	
2 Samuel 4:3	And the Beerothites fled to Gittaim, and were sojourners there until this day.)	
2 Samuel 4:4	And Jonathan, Saul's son, had a son that was lame of his feet. He was five years old when the tidings came of Saul and Jonathan out of Jezreel, and his nurse took him up, and fled: and it came to pass, as she made haste to flee, that he fell, and became lame. And his name was Mephibosheth.	
2 Samuel 4:5	And the sons of Rimmon the Beerothite, Rechab and Baanah, went, and came about the heat of the day to the house of Ishbosheth, who lay on a bed at noon.	
2 Samuel 4:6	And they came thither into the midst of the house, as though they would have fetched wheat; and they smote him under the fifth rib: and Rechab and Baanah his brother escaped.	
2 Samuel 4:9	And David answered Rechab and Baanah his brother, the sons of Rimmon the Beerothite, and said unto them, As the LORD liveth, who hath redeemed my soul out of all adversity,	
2 Samuel 5:1	Then came all the tribes of Israel to David unto Hebron, and spake, saying, Behold, we are thy bone and thy flesh.	
2 Samuel 5:11	And Hiram king of Tyre sent messengers to David, and cedar trees, and carpenters, and masons: and they built David an house.	
2 Samuel 5:12	And David perceived that the LORD had established him king over Israel, and that he had exalted his kingdom for his people Israel's sake.	
2 Samuel 5:20	And David came to Baalperazim, and David smote them there, and said, The LORD hath broken forth upon mine enemies before me, as the breach of waters. Therefore he called the name of that place Baalperazim.	
2 Samuel 5:25	And David did so, as the LORD had commanded him; and smote the Philistines from Geba until thou come to Gazer.	
2 Samuel 5:4	David was thirty years old when he began to reign, and he reigned forty years.	
2 Samuel 5:6	And the king and his men went to Jerusalem unto the Jebusites, the inhabitants of the land: which spake unto David, saying, Except thou take away the blind and the lame, thou shalt not come in hither: thinking, David cannot come in hither.	
2 Samuel 5:7	Nevertheless David took the strong hold of Zion: the same is the city of David.	
2 Samuel 6:17	And they brought in the ark of the LORD, and set it in his place, in the midst of the tabernacle that David had pitched for it: and David offered burnt offerings and peace offerings before the LORD.	
2 Samuel 6:18	And as soon as David had made an end of offering burnt offerings and peace offerings, he blessed the people in the name of the LORD of hosts.	
2 Samuel 6:21	And David said unto Michal, It was before the LORD, which chose me before thy father, and before all his house, to appoint me ruler over the people of the LORD, over Israel: therefore will I play before the LORD.	
2 Samuel 6:3	And they set the ark of God upon a new cart, and brought it out of the house of Abinadab that was in Gibeah: and Uzzah and Ahio, the sons of Abinadab, drave the new cart.	
2 Samuel 6:7	And the anger of the LORD was kindled against Uzzah; and God smote him there for his error; and there he died by the ark of God.	
2 Samuel 7:1	And it came to pass, when the king sat in his house, and the LORD had given him rest round about from all his enemies;	
2 Samuel 7:11	And as since the time that I commanded judges to be over my people Israel, and have caused thee to rest from all thine enemies. Also the LORD telleth thee that he will make thee an house.	
2 Samuel 7:15	But my mercy shall not depart away from him, as I took it from Saul, whom I put away before thee.	
2 Samuel 7:3	And Nathan said to the king, Go, do all that is in thine heart; for the LORD is with thee.	
2 Samuel 8:1	And after this it came to pass that David smote the Philistines, and subdued them: and David took Methegammah out of the hand of the Philistines.	
2 Samuel 8:11	Which also king David did dedicate unto the LORD, with the silver and gold that he had dedicated of all nations which he subdued;	
2 Samuel 8:15	And David reigned over all Israel; and David executed judgment and justice unto all his people.	
2 Samuel 8:18	And Benaiah the son of Jehoiada was over both the Cherethites and the Pelethites; and David's sons were chief rulers.	
2 Samuel 8:4	And David took from him a thousand chariots, and seven hundred horsemen, and twenty thousand footmen: and David houghed all the chariot horses, but reserved of them for an hundred chariots.	
2 Samuel 9:10	Thou therefore, and thy sons, and thy servants, shall till the land for him, and thou shalt bring in the fruits, that thy master's son may have food to eat: but Mephibosheth thy master's son shall eat bread alway at my table. Now Ziba had fifteen sons and twenty servants.	
2 Samuel 9:2	And there was of the house of Saul a servant whose name was Ziba. And when they had called him unto David, the king said unto him, Art thou Ziba? And he said, Thy servant is he.	
2 Samuel 9:6	Now when Mephibosheth, the son of Jonathan, the son of Saul, was come unto David, he fell on his face, and did reverence. And David said, Mephibosheth. And he answered, Behold thy servant!	
2 Thessalonians 1:1	Paul, and Silvanus, and Timotheus, unto the church of the Thessalonians in God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ:	
2 Thessalonians 1:7	And to you who are troubled rest with us, when the Lord Jesus shall be revealed from heaven with his mighty angels,	
2 Thessalonians 2:4	Who opposeth and exalteth himself above all that is called God, or that is worshipped; so that he as God sitteth in the temple of God, shewing himself that he is God.	
2 Thessalonians 2:6	And now ye know what withholdeth that he might be revealed in his time.	
2 Thessalonians 3:10	For even when we were with you, this we commanded you, that if any would not work, neither should he eat.	
2 Thessalonians 3:13	But ye, brethren, be not weary in well doing.	
2 Thessalonians 3:14	And if any man obey not our word by this epistle, note that man, and have no company with him, that he may be ashamed.	
2 Thessalonians 3:18	The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.	
2 Thessalonians 3:5	And the Lord direct your hearts into the love of God, and into the patient waiting for Christ.	
2 Thessalonians 3:8	Neither did we eat any man's bread for nought; but wrought with labour and travail night and day, that we might not be chargeable to any of you:	
2 Timothy 2:11	It is a faithful saying: For if we be dead with him, we shall also live with him:	
2 Timothy 2:14	Of these things put them in remembrance, charging them before the Lord that they strive not about words to no profit, but to the subverting of the hearers.	
2 Timothy 2:17	And their word will eat as doth a canker: of whom is Hymenaeus and Philetus;	
2 Timothy 2:2	And the things that thou hast heard of me among many witnesses, the same commit thou to faithful men, who shall be able to teach others also.	
2 Timothy 2:3	Thou therefore endure hardness, as a good soldier of Jesus Christ.	
2 Timothy 2:9	Wherein I suffer trouble, as an evil doer, even unto bonds; but the word of God is not bound.	
2 Timothy 3:6	For of this sort are they which creep into houses, and lead captive silly women laden with sins, led away with divers lusts,	
2 Timothy 3:8	Now as Jannes and Jambres withstood Moses, so do these also resist the truth: men of corrupt minds, reprobate concerning the faith.	
2 Timothy 3:9	But they shall proceed no further: for their folly shall be manifest unto all men, as their's also was.	
2 Timothy 4:14	Alexander the coppersmith did me much evil: the Lord reward him according to his works:	
2 Timothy 4:18	And the Lord shall deliver me from every evil work, and will preserve me unto his heavenly kingdom: to whom be glory for ever and ever. Amen.	
2 Timothy 4:2	Preach the word; be instant in season, out of season; reprove, rebuke, exhort with all longsuffering and doctrine.	
2 Timothy 4:4	And they shall turn away their ears from the truth, and shall be turned unto fables.	
2 Timothy 4:5	But watch thou in all things, endure afflictions, do the work of an evangelist, make full proof of thy ministry.	
3 John 1:11	Beloved, follow not that which is evil, but that which is good. He that doeth good is of God: but he that doeth evil hath not seen God.	
3 John 1:7	Because that for his name's sake they went forth, taking nothing of the Gentiles.	
Acts 10:1	There was a certain man in Caesarea called Cornelius, a centurion of the band called the Italian band,	
Acts 10:10	And he became very hungry, and would have eaten: but while they made ready, he fell into a trance,	
Acts 10:12	Wherein were all manner of fourfooted beasts of the earth, and wild beasts, and creeping things, and fowls of the air.	
Acts 10:18	And called, and asked whether Simon, which was surnamed Peter, were lodged there.	
Acts 10:21	Then Peter went down to the men which were sent unto him from Cornelius; and said, Behold, I am he whom ye seek: what is the cause wherefore ye are come?	
Acts 10:22	And they said, Cornelius the centurion, a just man, and one that feareth God, and of good report among all the nation of the Jews, was warned from God by an holy angel to send for thee into his house, and to hear words of thee.	
Acts 10:25	And as Peter was coming in, Cornelius met him, and fell down at his feet, and worshipped him.	
Acts 10:27	And as he talked with him, he went in, and found many that were come together.	
Acts 10:3	He saw in a vision evidently about the ninth hour of the day an angel of God coming in to him, and saying unto him, Cornelius.	
Acts 10:30	And Cornelius said, Four days ago I was fasting until this hour; and at the ninth hour I prayed in my house, and, behold, a man stood before me in bright clothing,	
Acts 10:32	Send therefore to Joppa, and call hither Simon, whose surname is Peter; he is lodged in the house of one Simon a tanner by the sea side: who, when he cometh, shall speak unto thee.	
Acts 10:33	Immediately therefore I sent to thee; and thou hast well done that thou art come. Now therefore are we all here present before God, to hear all things that are commanded thee of God.	
Acts 10:35	But in every nation he that feareth him, and worketh righteousness, is accepted with him.	
Acts 10:45	And they of the circumcision which believed were astonished, as many as came with Peter, because that on the Gentiles also was poured out the gift of the Holy Ghost.	
Acts 10:46	For they heard them speak with tongues, and magnify God. Then answered Peter,	
Acts 10:7	And when the angel which spake unto Cornelius was departed, he called two of his household servants, and a devout soldier of them that waited on him continually;	
Acts 11:18	When they heard these things, they held their peace, and glorified God, saying, Then hath God also to the Gentiles granted repentance unto life.	
Acts 11:21	And the hand of the Lord was with them: and a great number believed, and turned unto the Lord.	
Acts 11:25	Then departed Barnabas to Tarsus, for to seek Saul:	
Acts 11:5	I was in the city of Joppa praying: and in a trance I saw a vision, A certain vessel descend, as it had been a great sheet, let down from heaven by four corners; and it came even to me:	
Acts 12:16	But Peter continued knocking: and when they had opened the door, and saw him, they were astonished.	
Acts 12:2	And he killed James the brother of John with the sword.	
Acts 12:23	And immediately the angel of the Lord smote him, because he gave not God the glory: and he was eaten of worms, and gave up the ghost.	
Acts 12:24	But the word of God grew and multiplied.	
Acts 12:25	And Barnabas and Saul returned from Jerusalem, when they had fulfilled their ministry, and took with them John, whose surname was Mark.	
Acts 12:4	And when he had apprehended him, he put him in prison, and delivered him to four quaternions of soldiers to keep him; intending after Easter to bring him forth to the people.	
Acts 12:5	Peter therefore was kept in prison: but prayer was made without ceasing of the church unto God for him.	
Acts 12:8	And the angel said unto him, Gird thyself, and bind on thy sandals. And so he did. And he saith unto him, Cast thy garment about thee, and follow me.	
Acts 12:9	And he went out, and followed him; and wist not that it was true which was done by the angel; but thought he saw a vision.	
Acts 13:12	Then the deputy, when he saw what was done, believed, being astonished at the doctrine of the Lord.	
Acts 13:13	Now when Paul and his company loosed from Paphos, they came to Perga in Pamphylia: and John departing from them returned to Jerusalem.	
Acts 13:17	The God of this people of Israel chose our fathers, and exalted the people when they dwelt as strangers in the land of Egypt, and with an high arm brought he them out of it.	
Acts 13:18	And about the time of forty years suffered he their manners in the wilderness.	
Acts 13:2	As they ministered to the Lord, and fasted, the Holy Ghost said, Separate me Barnabas and Saul for the work whereunto I have called them.	
Acts 13:21	And afterward they desired a king: and God gave unto them Saul the son of Cis, a man of the tribe of Benjamin, by the space of forty years.	
Acts 13:30	But God raised him from the dead:	
Acts 13:36	For David, after he had served his own generation by the will of God, fell on sleep, and was laid unto his fathers, and saw corruption:	
Acts 13:47	For so hath the Lord commanded us, saying, I have set thee to be a light of the Gentiles, that thou shouldest be for salvation unto the ends of the earth.	
Acts 13:52	And the disciples were filled with joy, and with the Holy Ghost.	
Acts 13:6	And when they had gone through the isle unto Paphos, they found a certain sorcerer, a false prophet, a Jew, whose name was Barjesus:	
Acts 13:7	Which was with the deputy of the country, Sergius Paulus, a prudent man; who called for Barnabas and Saul, and desired to hear the word of God.	
Acts 13:9	Then Saul, (who also is called Paul,) filled with the Holy Ghost, set his eyes on him.	
Acts 14:1	And it came to pass in Iconium, that they went both together into the synagogue of the Jews, and so spake, that a great multitude both of the Jews and also of the Greeks believed.	
Acts 14:14	Which when the apostles, Barnabas and Paul, heard of, they rent their clothes, and ran in among the people, crying out,	
Acts 14:16	Who in times past suffered all nations to walk in their own ways.	
Acts 14:17	Nevertheless he left not himself without witness, in that he did good, and gave us rain from heaven, and fruitful seasons, filling our hearts with food and gladness.	
Acts 14:19	And there came thither certain Jews from Antioch and Iconium, who persuaded the people, and having stoned Paul, drew him out of the city, supposing he had been dead.	
Acts 14:2	But the unbelieving Jews stirred up the Gentiles, and made their minds evil affected against the brethren.	
Acts 14:28	And there they abode long time with the disciples.	
Acts 14:3	Long time therefore abode they speaking boldly in the Lord, which gave testimony unto the word of his grace, and granted signs and wonders to be done by their hands.	
Acts 14:6	They were ware of it, and fled unto Lystra and Derbe, cities of Lycaonia, and unto the region that lieth round about:	
Acts 15:16	After this I will return, and will build again the tabernacle of David, which is fallen down; and I will build again the ruins thereof, and I will set it up:	
Acts 15:18	Known unto God are all his works from the beginning of the world.	
Acts 15:19	Wherefore my sentence is, that we trouble not them, which from among the Gentiles are turned to God:	
Acts 15:20	But that we write unto them, that they abstain from pollutions of idols, and from fornication, and from things strangled, and from blood.	
Acts 15:22	Then pleased it the apostles and elders with the whole church, to send chosen men of their own company to Antioch with Paul and Barnabas; namely, Judas surnamed Barsabas and Silas, chief men among the brethren:	
Acts 15:3	And being brought on their way by the church, they passed through Phenice and Samaria, declaring the conversion of the Gentiles: and they caused great joy unto all the brethren.	
Acts 15:4	And when they were come to Jerusalem, they were received of the church, and of the apostles and elders, and they declared all things that God had done with them.	
Acts 16:12	And from thence to Philippi, which is the chief city of that part of Macedonia, and a colony: and we were in that city abiding certain days.	
Acts 16:17	The same followed Paul and us, and cried, saying, These men are the servants of the most high God, which shew unto us the way of salvation.	
Acts 16:20	And brought them to the magistrates, saying, These men, being Jews, do exceedingly trouble our city,	
Acts 16:21	And teach customs, which are not lawful for us to receive, neither to observe, being Romans.	
Acts 16:22	And the multitude rose up together against them: and the magistrates rent off their clothes, and commanded to beat them.	
Acts 16:37	But Paul said unto them, They have beaten us openly uncondemned, being Romans, and have cast us into prison; and now do they thrust us out privily? nay verily; but let them come themselves and fetch us out.	
Acts 16:38	And the serjeants told these words unto the magistrates: and they feared, when they heard that they were Romans.	
Acts 16:39	And they came and besought them, and brought them out, and desired them to depart out of the city.	
Acts 16:40	And they went out of the prison, and entered into the house of Lydia: and when they had seen the brethren, they comforted them, and departed.	
Acts 16:8	And they passing by Mysia came down to Troas.	
Acts 17:10	And the brethren immediately sent away Paul and Silas by night unto Berea: who coming thither went into the synagogue of the Jews.	
Acts 17:15	And they that conducted Paul brought him unto Athens: and receiving a commandment unto Silas and Timotheus for to come to him with all speed, they departed.	
Acts 17:23	For as I passed by, and beheld your devotions, I found an altar with this inscription, TO THE UNKNOWN GOD. Whom therefore ye ignorantly worship, him declare I unto you.	
Acts 17:24	God that made the world and all things therein, seeing that he is Lord of heaven and earth, dwelleth not in temples made with hands;	
Acts 17:30	And the times of this ignorance God winked at; but now commandeth all men every where to repent:	
Acts 17:31	Because he hath appointed a day, in the which he will judge the world in righteousness by that man whom he hath ordained; whereof he hath given assurance unto all men, in that he hath raised him from the dead.	
Acts 17:34	Howbeit certain men clave unto him, and believed: among the which was Dionysius the Areopagite, and a woman named Damaris, and others with them.	
Acts 18:13	Saying, This fellow persuadeth men to worship God contrary to the law.	
Acts 18:14	And when Paul was now about to open his mouth, Gallio said unto the Jews, If it were a matter of wrong or wicked lewdness, O ye Jews, reason would that I should bear with you:	
Acts 18:15	But if it be a question of words and names, and of your law, look ye to it; for I will be no judge of such matters.	
Acts 18:18	And Paul after this tarried there yet a good while, and then took his leave of the brethren, and sailed thence into Syria, and with him Priscilla and Aquila; having shorn his head in Cenchrea: for he had a vow.	
Acts 18:19	And he came to Ephesus, and left them there: but he himself entered into the synagogue, and reasoned with the Jews.	
Acts 18:21	But bade them farewell, saying, I must by all means keep this feast that cometh in Jerusalem: but I will return again unto you, if God will. And he sailed from Ephesus.	
Acts 18:4	And he reasoned in the synagogue every sabbath, and persuaded the Jews and the Greeks.	
Acts 19:10	And this continued by the space of two years; so that all they which dwelt in Asia heard the word of the Lord Jesus, both Jews and Greeks.	
Acts 19:12	So that from his body were brought unto the sick handkerchiefs or aprons, and the diseases departed from them, and the evil spirits went out of them.	
Acts 19:16	And the man in whom the evil spirit was leaped on them, and overcame them, and prevailed against them, so that they fled out of that house naked and wounded.	
Acts 19:2	He said unto them, Have ye received the Holy Ghost since ye believed? And they said unto him, We have not so much as heard whether there be any Holy Ghost.	
Acts 19:20	So mightily grew the word of God and prevailed.	
Acts 19:22	So he sent into Macedonia two of them that ministered unto him, Timotheus and Erastus; but he himself stayed in Asia for a season.	
Acts 19:26	Moreover ye see and hear, that not alone at Ephesus, but almost throughout all Asia, this Paul hath persuaded and turned away much people, saying that they be no gods, which are made with hands:	
Acts 19:3	And he said unto them, Unto what then were ye baptized? And they said, Unto John's baptism.	
Acts 19:33	And they drew Alexander out of the multitude, the Jews putting him forward. And Alexander beckoned with the hand, and would have made his defence unto the people.	
Acts 19:34	But when they knew that he was a Jew, all with one voice about the space of two hours cried out, Great is Diana of the Ephesians.	
Acts 19:35	And when the townclerk had appeased the people, he said, Ye men of Ephesus, what man is there that knoweth not how that the city of the Ephesians is a worshipper of the great goddess Diana, and of the image which fell down from Jupiter?	
Acts 19:36	Seeing then that these things cannot be spoken against, ye ought to be quiet, and to do nothing rashly.	
Acts 19:38	Wherefore if Demetrius, and the craftsmen which are with him, have a matter against any man, the law is open, and there are deputies: let them implead one another.	
Acts 19:39	But if ye enquire any thing concerning other matters, it shall be determined in a lawful assembly.	
Acts 19:4	Then said Paul, John verily baptized with the baptism of repentance, saying unto the people, that they should believe on him which should come after him, that is, on Christ Jesus.	
Acts 19:41	And when he had thus spoken, he dismissed the assembly.	
Acts 1:10	And while they looked stedfastly toward heaven as he went up, behold, two men stood by them in white apparel;	
Acts 1:12	Then returned they unto Jerusalem from the mount called Olivet, which is from Jerusalem a sabbath day's journey.	
Acts 1:13	And when they were come in, they went up into an upper room, where abode both Peter, and James, and John, and Andrew, Philip, and Thomas, Bartholomew, and Matthew, James the son of Alphaeus, and Simon Zelotes, and Judas the brother of James.	
Acts 1:17	For he was numbered with us, and had obtained part of this ministry.	
Acts 1:19	And it was known unto all the dwellers at Jerusalem; insomuch as that field is called in their proper tongue, Aceldama, that is to say, The field of blood.	
Acts 1:22	Beginning from the baptism of John, unto that same day that he was taken up from us, must one be ordained to be a witness with us of his resurrection.	
Acts 1:25	That he may take part of this ministry and apostleship, from which Judas by transgression fell, that he might go to his own place.	
Acts 20:1	And after the uproar was ceased, Paul called unto him the disciples, and embraced them, and departed for to go into Macedonia.	
Acts 20:10	And Paul went down, and fell on him, and embracing him said, Trouble not yourselves; for his life is in him.	
Acts 20:11	When he therefore was come up again, and had broken bread, and eaten, and talked a long while, even till break of day, so he departed.	
Acts 20:18	And when they were come to him, he said unto them, Ye know, from the first day that I came into Asia, after what manner I have been with you at all seasons,	
Acts 20:25	And now, behold, I know that ye all, among whom I have gone preaching the kingdom of God, shall see my face no more.	
Acts 20:32	And now, brethren, I commend you to God, and to the word of his grace, which is able to build you up, and to give you an inheritance among all them which are sanctified.	
Acts 20:34	Yea, ye yourselves know, that these hands have ministered unto my necessities, and to them that were with me.	
Acts 20:35	I have shewed you all things, how that so labouring ye ought to support the weak, and to remember the words of the Lord Jesus, how he said, It is more blessed to give than to receive.	
Acts 20:4	And there accompanied him into Asia Sopater of Berea; and of the Thessalonians, Aristarchus and Secundus; and Gaius of Derbe, and Timotheus; and of Asia, Tychicus and Trophimus.	
Acts 21:12	And when we heard these things, both we, and they of that place, besought him not to go up to Jerusalem.	
Acts 21:14	And when he would not be persuaded, we ceased, saying, The will of the Lord be done.	
Acts 21:27	And when the seven days were almost ended, the Jews which were of Asia, when they saw him in the temple, stirred up all the people, and laid hands on him,	
Acts 21:28	Crying out, Men of Israel, help: This is the man, that teacheth all men every where against the people, and the law, and this place: and further brought Greeks also into the temple, and hath polluted this holy place.	
Acts 21:30	And all the city was moved, and the people ran together: and they took Paul, and drew him out of the temple: and forthwith the doors were shut.	
Acts 21:38	Art not thou that Egyptian, which before these days madest an uproar, and leddest out into the wilderness four thousand men that were murderers?	
Acts 22:14	And he said, The God of our fathers hath chosen thee, that thou shouldest know his will, and see that Just One, and shouldest hear the voice of his mouth.	
Acts 22:20	And when the blood of thy martyr Stephen was shed, I also was standing by, and consenting unto his death, and kept the raiment of them that slew him.	
Acts 22:29	Then straightway they departed from him which should have examined him: and the chief captain also was afraid, after he knew that he was a Roman, and because he had bound him.	
Acts 22:5	As also the high priest doth bear me witness, and all the estate of the elders: from whom also I received letters unto the brethren, and went to Damascus, to bring them which were there bound unto Jerusalem, for to be punished.	
Acts 22:9	And they that were with me saw indeed the light, and were afraid; but they heard not the voice of him that spake to me.	
Acts 23:1	And Paul, earnestly beholding the council, said, Men and brethren, I have lived in all good conscience before God until this day.	
Acts 23:10	And when there arose a great dissension, the chief captain, fearing lest Paul should have been pulled in pieces of them, commanded the soldiers to go down, and to take him by force from among them, and to bring him into the castle.	
Acts 23:11	And the night following the Lord stood by him, and said, Be of good cheer, Paul: for as thou hast testified of me in Jerusalem, so must thou bear witness also at Rome.	
Acts 23:14	And they came to the chief priests and elders, and said, We have bound ourselves under a great curse, that we will eat nothing until we have slain Paul.	
Acts 23:16	And when Paul's sister's son heard of their lying in wait, he went and entered into the castle, and told Paul.	
Acts 23:18	So he took him, and brought him to the chief captain, and said, Paul the prisoner called me unto him, and prayed me to bring this young man unto thee, who hath something to say unto thee.	
Acts 23:25	And he wrote a letter after this manner:	
Acts 23:33	Who, when they came to Caesarea and delivered the epistle to the governor, presented Paul also before him.	
Acts 23:5	Then said Paul, I wist not, brethren, that he was the high priest: for it is written, Thou shalt not speak evil of the ruler of thy people.	
Acts 23:7	And when he had so said, there arose a dissension between the Pharisees and the Sadducees: and the multitude was divided.	
Acts 24:19	Who ought to have been here before thee, and object, if they had ought against me.	
Acts 24:26	He hoped also that money should have been given him of Paul, that he might loose him: wherefore he sent for him the oftener, and communed with him.	
Acts 24:27	But after two years Porcius Festus came into Felix' room: and Felix, willing to shew the Jews a pleasure, left Paul bound.	
Acts 24:5	For we have found this man a pestilent fellow, and a mover of sedition among all the Jews throughout the world, and a ringleader of the sect of the Nazarenes:	
Acts 25:1	Now when Festus was come into the province, after three days he ascended from Caesarea to Jerusalem.	
Acts 25:10	Then said Paul, I stand at Caesar's judgment seat, where I ought to be judged: to the Jews have I done no wrong, as thou very well knowest.	
Acts 25:12	Then Festus, when he had conferred with the council, answered, Hast thou appealed unto Caesar? unto Caesar shalt thou go.	
Acts 25:15	About whom, when I was at Jerusalem, the chief priests and the elders of the Jews informed me, desiring to have judgment against him.	
Acts 25:17	Therefore, when they were come hither, without any delay on the morrow I sat on the judgment seat, and commanded the man to be brought forth.	
Acts 25:19	But had certain questions against him of their own superstition, and of one Jesus, which was dead, whom Paul affirmed to be alive.	
Acts 25:2	Then the high priest and the chief of the Jews informed him against Paul, and besought him,	
Acts 25:24	And Festus said, King Agrippa, and all men which are here present with us, ye see this man, about whom all the multitude of the Jews have dealt with me, both at Jerusalem, and also here, crying that he ought not to live any longer.	
Acts 25:25	But when I found that he had committed nothing worthy of death, and that he himself hath appealed to Augustus, I have determined to send him.	
Acts 25:26	Of whom I have no certain thing to write unto my lord. Wherefore I have brought him forth before you, and specially before thee, O king Agrippa, that, after examination had, I might have somewhat to write.	
Acts 25:3	And desired favour against him, that he would send for him to Jerusalem, laying wait in the way to kill him.	
Acts 25:4	But Festus answered, that Paul should be kept at Caesarea, and that he himself would depart shortly thither.	
Acts 25:5	Let them therefore, said he, which among you are able, go down with me, and accuse this man, if there be any wickedness in him.	
Acts 26:13	At midday, O king, I saw in the way a light from heaven, above the brightness of the sun, shining round about me and them which journeyed with me.	
Acts 26:14	And when we were all fallen to the earth, I heard a voice speaking unto me, and saying in the Hebrew tongue, Saul, Saul, why persecutest thou me? it is hard for thee to kick against the pricks.	
Acts 26:19	Whereupon, O king Agrippa, I was not disobedient unto the heavenly vision:	
Acts 26:21	For these causes the Jews caught me in the temple, and went about to kill me.	
Acts 26:22	Having therefore obtained help of God, I continue unto this day, witnessing both to small and great, saying none other things than those which the prophets and Moses did say should come:	
Acts 26:25	But he said, I am not mad, most noble Festus; but speak forth the words of truth and soberness.	
Acts 26:3	Especially because I know thee to be expert in all customs and questions which are among the Jews: wherefore I beseech thee to hear me patiently.	
Acts 26:32	Then said Agrippa unto Festus, This man might have been set at liberty, if he had not appealed unto Caesar.	
Acts 26:8	Why should it be thought a thing incredible with you, that God should raise the dead?	
Acts 27:10	And said unto them, Sirs, I perceive that this voyage will be with hurt and much damage, not only of the lading and ship, but also of our lives.	
Acts 27:12	And because the haven was not commodious to winter in, the more part advised to depart thence also, if by any means they might attain to Phenice, and there to winter; which is an haven of Crete, and lieth toward the south west and north west.	
Acts 27:19	And the third day we cast out with our own hands the tackling of the ship.	
Acts 27:27	But when the fourteenth night was come, as we were driven up and down in Adria, about midnight the shipmen deemed that they drew near to some country;	
Acts 27:30	And as the shipmen were about to flee out of the ship, when they had let down the boat into the sea, under colour as though they would have cast anchors out of the foreship,	
Acts 27:32	Then the soldiers cut off the ropes of the boat, and let her fall off.	
Acts 27:33	And while the day was coming on, Paul besought them all to take meat, saying, This day is the fourteenth day that ye have tarried and continued fasting, having taken nothing.	
Acts 27:39	And when it was day, they knew not the land: but they discovered a certain creek with a shore, into the which they were minded, if it were possible, to thrust in the ship.	
Acts 27:43	But the centurion, willing to save Paul, kept them from their purpose; and commanded that they which could swim should cast themselves first into the sea, and get to land:	
Acts 27:44	And the rest, some on boards, and some on broken pieces of the ship. And so it came to pass, that they escaped all safe to land.	
Acts 28:1	And when they were escaped, then they knew that the island was called Melita.	
Acts 28:11	And after three months we departed in a ship of Alexandria, which had wintered in the isle, whose sign was Castor and Pollux.	
Acts 28:12	And landing at Syracuse, we tarried there three days.	
Acts 28:23	And when they had appointed him a day, there came many to him into his lodging; to whom he expounded and testified the kingdom of God, persuading them concerning Jesus, both out of the law of Moses, and out of the prophets, from morning till evening.	
Acts 28:24	And some believed the things which were spoken, and some believed not.	
Acts 28:26	Saying, Go unto this people, and say, Hearing ye shall hear, and shall not understand; and seeing ye shall see, and not perceive:	
Acts 28:28	Be it known therefore unto you, that the salvation of God is sent unto the Gentiles, and that they will hear it.	
Acts 28:29	And when he had said these words, the Jews departed, and had great reasoning among themselves.	
Acts 28:30	And Paul dwelt two whole years in his own hired house, and received all that came in unto him,	
Acts 28:6	Howbeit they looked when he should have swollen, or fallen down dead suddenly: but after they had looked a great while, and saw no harm come to him, they changed their minds, and said that he was a god.	
Acts 28:7	In the same quarters were possessions of the chief man of the island, whose name was Publius; who received us, and lodged us three days courteously.	
Acts 2:11	Cretes and Arabians, we do hear them speak in our tongues the wonderful works of God.	
Acts 2:12	And they were all amazed, and were in doubt, saying one to another, What meaneth this?	
Acts 2:14	But Peter, standing up with the eleven, lifted up his voice, and said unto them, Ye men of Judaea, and all ye that dwell at Jerusalem, be this known unto you, and hearken to my words:	
Acts 2:23	Him, being delivered by the determinate counsel and foreknowledge of God, ye have taken, and by wicked hands have crucified and slain:	
Acts 2:27	Because thou wilt not leave my soul in hell, neither wilt thou suffer thine Holy One to see corruption.	
Acts 2:31	He seeing this before spake of the resurrection of Christ, that his soul was not left in hell, neither his flesh did see corruption.	
Acts 2:37	Now when they heard this, they were pricked in their heart, and said unto Peter and to the rest of the apostles, Men and brethren, what shall we do?	
Acts 2:4	And they were all filled with the Holy Ghost, and began to speak with other tongues, as the Spirit gave them utterance.	
Acts 2:40	And with many other words did he testify and exhort, saying, Save yourselves from this untoward generation.	
Acts 2:41	Then they that gladly received his word were baptized: and the same day there were added unto them about three thousand souls.	
Acts 2:47	Praising God, and having favour with all the people. And the Lord added to the church daily such as should be saved.	
Acts 3:12	And when Peter saw it, he answered unto the people, Ye men of Israel, why marvel ye at this? or why look ye so earnestly on us, as though by our own power or holiness we had made this man to walk?	
Acts 3:13	The God of Abraham, and of Isaac, and of Jacob, the God of our fathers, hath glorified his Son Jesus; whom ye delivered up, and denied him in the presence of Pilate, when he was determined to let him go.	
Acts 3:15	And killed the Prince of life, whom God hath raised from the dead; whereof we are witnesses.	
Acts 3:16	And his name through faith in his name hath made this man strong, whom ye see and know: yea, the faith which is by him hath given him this perfect soundness in the presence of you all.	
Acts 3:17	And now, brethren, I wot that through ignorance ye did it, as did also your rulers.	
Acts 3:18	But those things, which God before had shewed by the mouth of all his prophets, that Christ should suffer, he hath so fulfilled.	
Acts 3:24	Yea, and all the prophets from Samuel and those that follow after, as many as have spoken, have likewise foretold of these days.	
Acts 3:25	Ye are the children of the prophets, and of the covenant which God made with our fathers, saying unto Abraham, And in thy seed shall all the kindreds of the earth be blessed.	
Acts 3:3	Who seeing Peter and John about to go into the temple asked an alms.	
Acts 3:4	And Peter, fastening his eyes upon him with John, said, Look on us.	
Acts 3:5	And he gave heed unto them, expecting to receive something of them.	
Acts 4:16	Saying, What shall we do to these men? for that indeed a notable miracle hath been done by them is manifest to all them that dwell in Jerusalem; and we cannot deny it.	
Acts 4:21	So when they had further threatened them, they let them go, finding nothing how they might punish them, because of the people: for all men glorified God for that which was done.	
Acts 4:25	Who by the mouth of thy servant David hast said, Why did the heathen rage, and the people imagine vain things?	
Acts 4:29	And now, Lord, behold their threatenings: and grant unto thy servants, that with all boldness they may speak thy word,	
Acts 4:31	And when they had prayed, the place was shaken where they were assembled together; and they were all filled with the Holy Ghost, and they spake the word of God with boldness.	
Acts 4:32	And the multitude of them that believed were of one heart and of one soul: neither said any of them that ought of the things which he possessed was his own; but they had all things common.	
Acts 4:33	And with great power gave the apostles witness of the resurrection of the Lord Jesus: and great grace was upon them all.	
Acts 4:36	And Joses, who by the apostles was surnamed Barnabas, (which is, being interpreted, The son of consolation,) a Levite, and of the country of Cyprus,	
Acts 4:5	And it came to pass on the morrow, that their rulers, and elders, and scribes,	
Acts 4:6	And Annas the high priest, and Caiaphas, and John, and Alexander, and as many as were of the kindred of the high priest, were gathered together at Jerusalem.	
Acts 5:12	And by the hands of the apostles were many signs and wonders wrought among the people; (and they were all with one accord in Solomon's porch.	
Acts 5:15	Insomuch that they brought forth the sick into the streets, and laid them on beds and couches, that at the least the shadow of Peter passing by might overshadow some of them.	
Acts 5:16	There came also a multitude out of the cities round about unto Jerusalem, bringing sick folks, and them which were vexed with unclean spirits: and they were healed every one.	
Acts 5:17	Then the high priest rose up, and all they that were with him, (which is the sect of the Sadducees,) and were filled with indignation,	
Acts 5:21	And when they heard that, they entered into the temple early in the morning, and taught. But the high priest came, and they that were with him, and called the council together, and all the senate of the children of Israel, and sent to the prison to have them brought.	
Acts 5:27	And when they had brought them, they set them before the council: and the high priest asked them,	
Acts 5:34	Then stood there up one in the council, a Pharisee, named Gamaliel, a doctor of the law, had in reputation among all the people, and commanded to put the apostles forth a little space;	
Acts 5:37	After this man rose up Judas of Galilee in the days of the taxing, and drew away much people after him: he also perished; and all, even as many as obeyed him, were dispersed.	
Acts 5:40	And to him they agreed: and when they had called the apostles, and beaten them, they commanded that they should not speak in the name of Jesus, and let them go.	
Acts 6:1	And in those days, when the number of the disciples was multiplied, there arose a murmuring of the Grecians against the Hebrews, because their widows were neglected in the daily ministration.	
Acts 6:10	And they were not able to resist the wisdom and the spirit by which he spake.	
Acts 6:13	And set up false witnesses, which said, This man ceaseth not to speak blasphemous words against this holy place, and the law:	
Acts 6:14	For we have heard him say, that this Jesus of Nazareth shall destroy this place, and shall change the customs which Moses delivered us.	
Acts 6:5	And the saying pleased the whole multitude: and they chose Stephen, a man full of faith and of the Holy Ghost, and Philip, and Prochorus, and Nicanor, and Timon, and Parmenas, and Nicolas a proselyte of Antioch:	
Acts 6:8	And Stephen, full of faith and power, did great wonders and miracles among the people.	
Acts 7:10	And delivered him out of all his afflictions, and gave him favour and wisdom in the sight of Pharaoh king of Egypt; and he made him governor over Egypt and all his house.	
Acts 7:14	Then sent Joseph, and called his father Jacob to him, and all his kindred, threescore and fifteen souls.	
Acts 7:18	Till another king arose, which knew not Joseph.	
Acts 7:19	The same dealt subtilly with our kindred, and evil entreated our fathers, so that they cast out their young children, to the end they might not live.	
Acts 7:21	And when he was cast out, Pharaoh's daughter took him up, and nourished him for her own son.	
Acts 7:23	And when he was full forty years old, it came into his heart to visit his brethren the children of Israel.	
Acts 7:28	Wilt thou kill me, as thou diddest the Egyptian yesterday?	
Acts 7:3	And said unto him, Get thee out of thy country, and from thy kindred, and come into the land which I shall shew thee.	
Acts 7:43	Yea, ye took up the tabernacle of Moloch, and the star of your god Remphan, figures which ye made to worship them: and I will carry you away beyond Babylon.	
Acts 7:47	But Solomon built him an house.	
Acts 7:51	Ye stiffnecked and uncircumcised in heart and ears, ye do always resist the Holy Ghost: as your fathers did, so do ye.	
Acts 7:54	When they heard these things, they were cut to the heart, and they gnashed on him with their teeth.	
Acts 7:56	And said, Behold, I see the heavens opened, and the Son of man standing on the right hand of God.	
Acts 7:57	Then they cried out with a loud voice, and stopped their ears, and ran upon him with one accord,	
Acts 7:58	And cast him out of the city, and stoned him: and the witnesses laid down their clothes at a young man's feet, whose name was Saul.	
Acts 7:60	And he kneeled down, and cried with a loud voice, Lord, lay not this sin to their charge. And when he had said this, he fell asleep.	
Acts 7:8	And he gave him the covenant of circumcision: and so Abraham begat Isaac, and circumcised him the eighth day; and Isaac begat Jacob; and Jacob begat the twelve patriarchs.	
Acts 8:12	But when they believed Philip preaching the things concerning the kingdom of God, and the name of Jesus Christ, they were baptized, both men and women.	
Acts 8:23	For I perceive that thou art in the gall of bitterness, and in the bond of iniquity.	
Acts 8:25	And they, when they had testified and preached the word of the Lord, returned to Jerusalem, and preached the gospel in many villages of the Samaritans.	
Acts 8:33	In his humiliation his judgment was taken away: and who shall declare his generation? for his life is taken from the earth.	
Acts 8:36	And as they went on their way, they came unto a certain water: and the eunuch said, See, here is water; what doth hinder me to be baptized?	
Acts 8:7	For unclean spirits, crying with loud voice, came out of many that were possessed with them: and many taken with palsies, and that were lame, were healed.	
Acts 9:14	And here he hath authority from the chief priests to bind all that call on thy name.	
Acts 9:2	And desired of him letters to Damascus to the synagogues, that if he found any of this way, whether they were men or women, he might bring them bound unto Jerusalem.	
Acts 9:21	But all that heard him were amazed, and said; Is not this he that destroyed them which called on this name in Jerusalem, and came hither for that intent, that he might bring them bound unto the chief priests?	
Acts 9:22	But Saul increased the more in strength, and confounded the Jews which dwelt at Damascus, proving that this is very Christ.	
Acts 9:23	And after that many days were fulfilled, the Jews took counsel to kill him:	
Acts 9:26	And when Saul was come to Jerusalem, he assayed to join himself to the disciples: but they were all afraid of him, and believed not that he was a disciple.	
Acts 9:29	And he spake boldly in the name of the Lord Jesus, and disputed against the Grecians: but they went about to slay him.	
Acts 9:32	And it came to pass, as Peter passed throughout all quarters, he came down also to the saints which dwelt at Lydda.	
Acts 9:39	Then Peter arose and went with them. When he was come, they brought him into the upper chamber: and all the widows stood by him weeping, and shewing the coats and garments which Dorcas made, while she was with them.	
Acts 9:4	And he fell to the earth, and heard a voice saying unto him, Saul, Saul, why persecutest thou me?	
Acts 9:40	But Peter put them all forth, and kneeled down, and prayed; and turning him to the body said, Tabitha, arise. And she opened her eyes: and when she saw Peter, she sat up.	
Acts 9:41	And he gave her his hand, and lifted her up, and when he had called the saints and widows, presented her alive.	
Acts 9:5	And he said, Who art thou, Lord? And the Lord said, I am Jesus whom thou persecutest: it is hard for thee to kick against the pricks.	
Acts 9:9	And he was three days without sight, and neither did eat nor drink.	
Amos 1:10	But I will send a fire on the wall of Tyrus, which shall devour the palaces thereof.	
Amos 1:11	Thus saith the LORD; For three transgressions of Edom, and for four, I will not turn away the punishment thereof; because he did pursue his brother with the sword, and did cast off all pity, and his anger did tear perpetually, and he kept his wrath for ever:	
Amos 1:14	But I will kindle a fire in the wall of Rabbah, and it shall devour the palaces thereof, with shouting in the day of battle, with a tempest in the day of the whirlwind:	
Amos 1:6	Thus saith the LORD; For three transgressions of Gaza, and for four, I will not turn away the punishment thereof; because they carried away captive the whole captivity, to deliver them up to Edom:	
Amos 1:8	And I will cut off the inhabitant from Ashdod, and him that holdeth the sceptre from Ashkelon, and I will turn mine hand against Ekron: and the remnant of the Philistines shall perish, saith the Lord GOD.	
Amos 2:15	Neither shall he stand that handleth the bow; and he that is swift of foot shall not deliver himself: neither shall he that rideth the horse deliver himself.	
Amos 2:16	And he that is courageous among the mighty shall flee away naked in that day, saith the LORD.	
Amos 2:2	But I will send a fire upon Moab, and it shall devour the palaces of Kirioth: and Moab shall die with tumult, with shouting, and with the sound of the trumpet:	
Amos 2:5	But I will send a fire upon Judah, and it shall devour the palaces of Jerusalem.	
Amos 2:8	And they lay themselves down upon clothes laid to pledge by every altar, and they drink the wine of the condemned in the house of their god.	
Amos 3:11	Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; An adversary there shall be even round about the land; and he shall bring down thy strength from thee, and thy palaces shall be spoiled.	
Amos 3:14	That in the day that I shall visit the transgressions of Israel upon him I will also visit the altars of Bethel: and the horns of the altar shall be cut off, and fall to the ground.	
Amos 3:3	Can two walk together, except they be agreed?	
Amos 3:5	Can a bird fall in a snare upon the earth, where no gin is for him? shall one take up a snare from the earth, and have taken nothing at all?	
Amos 3:9	Publish in the palaces at Ashdod, and in the palaces in the land of Egypt, and say, Assemble yourselves upon the mountains of Samaria, and behold the great tumults in the midst thereof, and the oppressed in the midst thereof.	
Amos 4:12	Therefore thus will I do unto thee, O Israel: and because I will do this unto thee, prepare to meet thy God, O Israel.	
Amos 4:2	The Lord GOD hath sworn by his holiness, that, lo, the days shall come upon you, that he will take you away with hooks, and your posterity with fishhooks.	
Amos 4:5	And offer a sacrifice of thanksgiving with leaven, and proclaim and publish the free offerings: for this liketh you, O ye children of Israel, saith the Lord GOD.	
Amos 4:6	And I also have given you cleanness of teeth in all your cities, and want of bread in all your places: yet have ye not returned unto me, saith the LORD.	
Amos 5:11	Forasmuch therefore as your treading is upon the poor, and ye take from him burdens of wheat: ye have built houses of hewn stone, but ye shall not dwell in them; ye have planted pleasant vineyards, but ye shall not drink wine of them.	
Amos 5:12	For I know your manifold transgressions and your mighty sins: they afflict the just, they take a bribe, and they turn aside the poor in the gate from their right.	
Amos 5:15	Hate the evil, and love the good, and establish judgment in the gate: it may be that the LORD God of hosts will be gracious unto the remnant of Joseph.	
Amos 5:25	Have ye offered unto me sacrifices and offerings in the wilderness forty years, O house of Israel?	
Amos 5:26	But ye have borne the tabernacle of your Moloch and Chiun your images, the star of your god, which ye made to yourselves.	
Amos 5:27	Therefore will I cause you to go into captivity beyond Damascus, saith the LORD, whose name is The God of hosts.	
Amos 5:6	Seek the LORD, and ye shall live; lest he break out like fire in the house of Joseph, and devour it, and there be none to quench it in Bethel.	
Amos 5:7	Ye who turn judgment to wormwood, and leave off righteousness in the earth,	
Amos 5:9	That strengtheneth the spoiled against the strong, so that the spoiled shall come against the fortress.	
Amos 6:12	Shall horses run upon the rock? will one plow there with oxen? for ye have turned judgment into gall, and the fruit of righteousness into hemlock:	
Amos 6:13	Ye which rejoice in a thing of nought, which say, Have we not taken to us horns by our own strength?	
Amos 6:5	That chant to the sound of the viol, and invent to themselves instruments of musick, like David;	
Amos 6:6	That drink wine in bowls, and anoint themselves with the chief ointments: but they are not grieved for the affliction of Joseph.	
Amos 7:4	Thus hath the Lord GOD shewed unto me: and, behold, the Lord GOD called to contend by fire, and it devoured the great deep, and did eat up a part.	
Amos 7:7	Thus he shewed me: and, behold, the LORD stood upon a wall made by a plumbline, with a plumbline in his hand.	
Amos 8:3	And the songs of the temple shall be howlings in that day, saith the Lord GOD: there shall be many dead bodies in every place; they shall cast them forth with silence.	
Amos 8:4	Hear this, O ye that swallow up the needy, even to make the poor of the land to fail,	
Colossians 1:14	In whom we have redemption through his blood, even the forgiveness of sins:	
Colossians 1:2	To the saints and faithful brethren in Christ which are at Colosse: Grace be unto you, and peace, from God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ.	
Colossians 1:28	Whom we preach, warning every man, and teaching every man in all wisdom; that we may present every man perfect in Christ Jesus:	
Colossians 1:4	Since we heard of your faith in Christ Jesus, and of the love which ye have to all the saints,	
Colossians 1:9	For this cause we also, since the day we heard it, do not cease to pray for you, and to desire that ye might be filled with the knowledge of his will in all wisdom and spiritual understanding;	
Colossians 2:10	And ye are complete in him, which is the head of all principality and power:	
Colossians 2:14	Blotting out the handwriting of ordinances that was against us, which was contrary to us, and took it out of the way, nailing it to his cross;	
Colossians 2:17	Which are a shadow of things to come; but the body is of Christ.	
Colossians 2:22	Which all are to perish with the using;) after the commandments and doctrines of men?	
Colossians 3:15	And let the peace of God rule in your hearts, to the which also ye are called in one body; and be ye thankful.	
Colossians 3:19	Husbands, love your wives, and be not bitter against them.	
Colossians 3:23	And whatsoever ye do, do it heartily, as to the Lord, and not unto men;	
Colossians 3:24	Knowing that of the Lord ye shall receive the reward of the inheritance: for ye serve the Lord Christ.	
Colossians 3:7	In the which ye also walked some time, when ye lived in them.	
Colossians 4:1	Masters, give unto your servants that which is just and equal; knowing that ye also have a Master in heaven.	
Colossians 4:10	Aristarchus my fellowprisoner saluteth you, and Marcus, sister's son to Barnabas, (touching whom ye received commandments: if he come unto you, receive him;)	
Colossians 4:18	The salutation by the hand of me Paul. Remember my bonds. Grace be with you. Amen.	
Colossians 4:4	That I may make it manifest, as I ought to speak.	
Colossians 4:5	Walk in wisdom toward them that are without, redeeming the time.	
Daniel 10:11	And he said unto me, O Daniel, a man greatly beloved, understand the words that I speak unto thee, and stand upright: for unto thee am I now sent. And when he had spoken this word unto me, I stood trembling.	
Daniel 10:18	Then there came again and touched me one like the appearance of a man, and he strengthened me,	
Daniel 10:20	Then said he, Knowest thou wherefore I come unto thee? and now will I return to fight with the prince of Persia: and when I am gone forth, lo, the prince of Grecia shall come.	
Daniel 10:21	But I will shew thee that which is noted in the scripture of truth: and there is none that holdeth with me in these things, but Michael your prince.	
Daniel 10:7	And I Daniel alone saw the vision: for the men that were with me saw not the vision; but a great quaking fell upon them, so that they fled to hide themselves.	
Daniel 10:8	Therefore I was left alone, and saw this great vision, and there remained no strength in me: for my comeliness was turned in me into corruption, and I retained no strength.	
Daniel 11:15	So the king of the north shall come, and cast up a mount, and take the most fenced cities: and the arms of the south shall not withstand, neither his chosen people, neither shall there be any strength to withstand.	
Daniel 11:17	He shall also set his face to enter with the strength of his whole kingdom, and upright ones with him; thus shall he do: and he shall give him the daughter of women, corrupting her: but she shall not stand on his side, neither be for him.	
Daniel 11:2	And now will I shew thee the truth. Behold, there shall stand up yet three kings in Persia; and the fourth shall be far richer than they all: and by his strength through his riches he shall stir up all against the realm of Grecia.	
Daniel 11:26	Yea, they that feed of the portion of his meat shall destroy him, and his army shall overflow: and many shall fall down slain.	
Daniel 11:3	And a mighty king shall stand up, that shall rule with great dominion, and do according to his will.	
Daniel 11:30	For the ships of Chittim shall come against him: therefore he shall be grieved, and return, and have indignation against the holy covenant: so shall he do; he shall even return, and have intelligence with them that forsake the holy covenant.	
Daniel 11:33	And they that understand among the people shall instruct many: yet they shall fall by the sword, and by flame, by captivity, and by spoil, many days.	
Daniel 11:34	Now when they shall fall, they shall be holpen with a little help: but many shall cleave to them with flatteries.	
Daniel 11:36	And the king shall do according to his will; and he shall exalt himself, and magnify himself above every god, and shall speak marvellous things against the God of gods, and shall prosper till the indignation be accomplished: for that that is determined shall be done.	
Daniel 11:41	He shall enter also into the glorious land, and many countries shall be overthrown: but these shall escape out of his hand, even Edom, and Moab, and the chief of the children of Ammon.	
Daniel 11:42	He shall stretch forth his hand also upon the countries: and the land of Egypt shall not escape.	
Daniel 11:5	And the king of the south shall be strong, and one of his princes; and he shall be strong above him, and have dominion; his dominion shall be a great dominion.	
Daniel 11:8	And shall also carry captives into Egypt their gods, with their princes, and with their precious vessels of silver and of gold; and he shall continue more years than the king of the north.	
Daniel 11:9	So the king of the south shall come into his kingdom, and shall return into his own land.	
Daniel 12:1	And at that time shall Michael stand up, the great prince which standeth for the children of thy people: and there shall be a time of trouble, such as never was since there was a nation even to that same time: and at that time thy people shall be delivered, every one that shall be found written in the book.	
Daniel 12:11	And from the time that the daily sacrifice shall be taken away, and the abomination that maketh desolate set up, there shall be a thousand two hundred and ninety days.	
Daniel 12:13	But go thou thy way till the end be: for thou shalt rest, and stand in thy lot at the end of the days.	
Daniel 12:5	Then I Daniel looked, and, behold, there stood other two, the one on this side of the bank of the river, and the other on that side of the bank of the river.	
Daniel 12:9	And he said, Go thy way, Daniel: for the words are closed up and sealed till the time of the end.	
Daniel 1:10	And the prince of the eunuchs said unto Daniel, I fear my lord the king, who hath appointed your meat and your drink: for why should he see your faces worse liking than the children which are of your sort? then shall ye make me endanger my head to the king.	
Daniel 1:21	And Daniel continued even unto the first year of king Cyrus.	
Daniel 1:5	And the king appointed them a daily provision of the king's meat, and of the wine which he drank: so nourishing them three years, that at the end thereof they might stand before the king.	
Daniel 2:13	And the decree went forth that the wise men should be slain; and they sought Daniel and his fellows to be slain.	
Daniel 2:16	Then Daniel went in, and desired of the king that he would give him time, and that he would shew the king the interpretation.	
Daniel 2:17	Then Daniel went to his house, and made the thing known to Hananiah, Mishael, and Azariah, his companions:	
Daniel 2:18	That they would desire mercies of the God of heaven concerning this secret; that Daniel and his fellows should not perish with the rest of the wise men of Babylon.	
Daniel 2:19	Then was the secret revealed unto Daniel in a night vision. Then Daniel blessed the God of heaven.	
Daniel 2:2	Then the king commanded to call the magicians, and the astrologers, and the sorcerers, and the Chaldeans, for to shew the king his dreams. So they came and stood before the king.	
Daniel 2:22	He revealeth the deep and secret things: he knoweth what is in the darkness, and the light dwelleth with him.	
Daniel 2:25	Then Arioch brought in Daniel before the king in haste, and said thus unto him, I have found a man of the captives of Judah, that will make known unto the king the interpretation.	
Daniel 2:29	As for thee, O king, thy thoughts came into thy mind upon thy bed, what should come to pass hereafter: and he that revealeth secrets maketh known to thee what shall come to pass.	
Daniel 2:34	Thou sawest till that a stone was cut out without hands, which smote the image upon his feet that were of iron and clay, and brake them to pieces.	
Daniel 2:37	Thou, O king, art a king of kings: for the God of heaven hath given thee a kingdom, power, and strength, and glory.	
Daniel 2:39	And after thee shall arise another kingdom inferior to thee, and another third kingdom of brass, which shall bear rule over all the earth.	
Daniel 2:4	Then spake the Chaldeans to the king in Syriack, O king, live for ever: tell thy servants the dream, and we will shew the interpretation.	
Daniel 2:43	And whereas thou sawest iron mixed with miry clay, they shall mingle themselves with the seed of men: but they shall not cleave one to another, even as iron is not mixed with clay.	
Daniel 2:48	Then the king made Daniel a great man, and gave him many great gifts, and made him ruler over the whole province of Babylon, and chief of the governors over all the wise men of Babylon.	
Daniel 2:7	They answered again and said, Let the king tell his servants the dream, and we will shew the interpretation of it.	
Daniel 2:8	The king answered and said, I know of certainty that ye would gain the time, because ye see the thing is gone from me.	
Daniel 3:1	Nebuchadnezzar the king made an image of gold, whose height was threescore cubits, and the breadth thereof six cubits: he set it up in the plain of Dura, in the province of Babylon.	
Daniel 3:10	Thou, O king, hast made a decree, that every man that shall hear the sound of the cornet, flute, harp, sackbut, psaltery, and dulcimer, and all kinds of musick, shall fall down and worship the golden image:	
Daniel 3:12	There are certain Jews whom thou hast set over the affairs of the province of Babylon, Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego; these men, O king, have not regarded thee: they serve not thy gods, nor worship the golden image which thou hast set up.	
Daniel 3:13	Then Nebuchadnezzar in his rage and fury commanded to bring Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego. Then they brought these men before the king.	
Daniel 3:14	Nebuchadnezzar spake and said unto them, Is it true, O Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, do not ye serve my gods, nor worship the golden image which I have set up?	
Daniel 3:19	Then was Nebuchadnezzar full of fury, and the form of his visage was changed against Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego: therefore he spake, and commanded that they should heat the furnace one seven times more than it was wont to be heated.	
Daniel 3:2	Then Nebuchadnezzar the king sent to gather together the princes, the governors, and the captains, the judges, the treasurers, the counsellors, the sheriffs, and all the rulers of the provinces, to come to the dedication of the image which Nebuchadnezzar the king had set up.	
Daniel 3:21	Then these men were bound in their coats, their hosen, and their hats, and their other garments, and were cast into the midst of the burning fiery furnace.	
Daniel 3:3	Then the princes, the governors, and captains, the judges, the treasurers, the counsellors, the sheriffs, and all the rulers of the provinces, were gathered together unto the dedication of the image that Nebuchadnezzar the king had set up; and they stood before the image that Nebuchadnezzar had set up.	
Daniel 3:7	Therefore at that time, when all the people heard the sound of the cornet, flute, harp, sackbut, psaltery, and all kinds of musick, all the people, the nations, and the languages, fell down and worshipped the golden image that Nebuchadnezzar the king had set up.	
Daniel 4:13	I saw in the visions of my head upon my bed, and, behold, a watcher and an holy one came down from heaven;	
Daniel 4:15	Nevertheless leave the stump of his roots in the earth, even with a band of iron and brass, in the tender grass of the field; and let it be wet with the dew of heaven, and let his portion be with the beasts in the grass of the earth:	
Daniel 4:19	Then Daniel, whose name was Belteshazzar, was astonied for one hour, and his thoughts troubled him. The king spake, and said, Belteshazzar, let not the dream, or the interpretation thereof, trouble thee. Belteshazzar answered and said, My lord, the dream be to them that hate thee, and the interpretation thereof to thine enemies.	
Daniel 4:28	All this came upon the king Nebuchadnezzar.	
Daniel 4:31	While the word was in the king's mouth, there fell a voice from heaven, saying, O king Nebuchadnezzar, to thee it is spoken; The kingdom is departed from thee.	
Daniel 4:6	Therefore made I a decree to bring in all the wise men of Babylon before me, that they might make known unto me the interpretation of the dream.	
Daniel 5:14	I have even heard of thee, that the spirit of the gods is in thee, and that light and understanding and excellent wisdom is found in thee.	
Daniel 5:15	And now the wise men, the astrologers, have been brought in before me, that they should read this writing, and make known unto me the interpretation thereof: but they could not shew the interpretation of the thing:	
Daniel 5:17	Then Daniel answered and said before the king, Let thy gifts be to thyself, and give thy rewards to another; yet I will read the writing unto the king, and make known to him the interpretation.	
Daniel 5:2	Belshazzar, whiles he tasted the wine, commanded to bring the golden and silver vessels which his father Nebuchadnezzar had taken out of the temple which was in Jerusalem; that the king, and his princes, his wives, and his concubines, might drink therein.	
Daniel 5:26	This is the interpretation of the thing: MENE; God hath numbered thy kingdom, and finished it.	
Daniel 5:27	TEKEL; Thou art weighed in the balances, and art found wanting.	
Daniel 5:9	Then was king Belshazzar greatly troubled, and his countenance was changed in him, and his lords were astonied.	
Daniel 6:1	It pleased Darius to set over the kingdom an hundred and twenty princes, which should be over the whole kingdom;	
Daniel 6:15	Then these men assembled unto the king, and said unto the king, Know, O king, that the law of the Medes and Persians is, That no decree nor statute which the king establisheth may be changed.	
Daniel 6:19	Then the king arose very early in the morning, and went in haste unto the den of lions.	
Daniel 6:21	Then said Daniel unto the king, O king, live for ever.	
Daniel 6:28	So this Daniel prospered in the reign of Darius, and in the reign of Cyrus the Persian.	
Daniel 6:5	Then said these men, We shall not find any occasion against this Daniel, except we find it against him concerning the law of his God.	
Daniel 7:12	As concerning the rest of the beasts, they had their dominion taken away: yet their lives were prolonged for a season and time.	
Daniel 7:14	And there was given him dominion, and glory, and a kingdom, that all people, nations, and languages, should serve him: his dominion is an everlasting dominion, which shall not pass away, and his kingdom that which shall not be destroyed.	
Daniel 7:16	I came near unto one of them that stood by, and asked him the truth of all this. So he told me, and made me know the interpretation of the things.	
Daniel 7:22	Until the Ancient of days came, and judgment was given to the saints of the most High; and the time came that the saints possessed the kingdom.	
Daniel 7:28	Hitherto is the end of the matter. As for me Daniel, my cogitations much troubled me, and my countenance changed in me: but I kept the matter in my heart.	
Daniel 7:4	The first was like a lion, and had eagle's wings: I beheld till the wings thereof were plucked, and it was lifted up from the earth, and made stand upon the feet as a man, and a man's heart was given to it.	
Daniel 7:5	And behold another beast, a second, like to a bear, and it raised up itself on one side, and it had three ribs in the mouth of it between the teeth of it: and they said thus unto it, Arise, devour much flesh.	
Daniel 7:6	After this I beheld, and lo another, like a leopard, which had upon the back of it four wings of a fowl; the beast had also four heads; and dominion was given to it.	
Daniel 8:10	And it waxed great, even to the host of heaven; and it cast down some of the host and of the stars to the ground, and stamped upon them.	
Daniel 8:13	Then I heard one saint speaking, and another saint said unto that certain saint which spake, How long shall be the vision concerning the daily sacrifice, and the transgression of desolation, to give both the sanctuary and the host to be trodden under foot?	
Daniel 8:14	And he said unto me, Unto two thousand and three hundred days; then shall the sanctuary be cleansed.	
Daniel 8:23	And in the latter time of their kingdom, when the transgressors are come to the full, a king of fierce countenance, and understanding dark sentences, shall stand up.	
Daniel 8:26	And the vision of the evening and the morning which was told is true: wherefore shut thou up the vision; for it shall be for many days.	
Daniel 8:27	And I Daniel fainted, and was sick certain days; afterward I rose up, and did the king's business; and I was astonished at the vision, but none understood it.	
Daniel 9:10	Neither have we obeyed the voice of the LORD our God, to walk in his laws, which he set before us by his servants the prophets.	
Daniel 9:19	O Lord, hear; O Lord, forgive; O Lord, hearken and do; defer not, for thine own sake, O my God: for thy city and thy people are called by thy name.	
Daniel 9:2	In the first year of his reign I Daniel understood by books the number of the years, whereof the word of the LORD came to Jeremiah the prophet, that he would accomplish seventy years in the desolations of Jerusalem.	
Daniel 9:23	At the beginning of thy supplications the commandment came forth, and I am come to shew thee; for thou art greatly beloved: therefore understand the matter, and consider the vision.	
Daniel 9:25	Know therefore and understand, that from the going forth of the commandment to restore and to build Jerusalem unto the Messiah the Prince shall be seven weeks, and threescore and two weeks: the street shall be built again, and the wall, even in troublous times.	
Daniel 9:3	And I set my face unto the Lord God, to seek by prayer and supplications, with fasting, and sackcloth, and ashes:	
Daniel 9:4	And I prayed unto the LORD my God, and made my confession, and said, O Lord, the great and dreadful God, keeping the covenant and mercy to them that love him, and to them that keep his commandments;	
Daniel 9:6	Neither have we hearkened unto thy servants the prophets, which spake in thy name to our kings, our princes, and our fathers, and to all the people of the land.	
Daniel 9:8	O Lord, to us belongeth confusion of face, to our kings, to our princes, and to our fathers, because we have sinned against thee.	
Deuteronomy 10:1	At that time the LORD said unto me, Hew thee two tables of stone like unto the first, and come up unto me into the mount, and make thee an ark of wood.	
Deuteronomy 10:16	Circumcise therefore the foreskin of your heart, and be no more stiffnecked.	
Deuteronomy 10:2	And I will write on the tables the words that were in the first tables which thou brakest, and thou shalt put them in the ark.	
Deuteronomy 10:20	Thou shalt fear the LORD thy God; him shalt thou serve, and to him shalt thou cleave, and swear by his name.	
Deuteronomy 10:21	He is thy praise, and he is thy God, that hath done for thee these great and terrible things, which thine eyes have seen.	
Deuteronomy 10:22	Thy fathers went down into Egypt with threescore and ten persons; and now the LORD thy God hath made thee as the stars of heaven for multitude.	
Deuteronomy 10:3	And I made an ark of shittim wood, and hewed two tables of stone like unto the first, and went up into the mount, having the two tables in mine hand.	
Deuteronomy 10:4	And he wrote on the tables, according to the first writing, the ten commandments, which the LORD spake unto you in the mount out of the midst of the fire in the day of the assembly: and the LORD gave them unto me.	
Deuteronomy 10:8	At that time the LORD separated the tribe of Levi, to bear the ark of the covenant of the LORD, to stand before the LORD to minister unto him, and to bless in his name, unto this day.	
Deuteronomy 11:1	Therefore thou shalt love the LORD thy God, and keep his charge, and his statutes, and his judgments, and his commandments, alway.	
Deuteronomy 11:11	But the land, whither ye go to possess it, is a land of hills and valleys, and drinketh water of the rain of heaven:	
Deuteronomy 11:14	That I will give you the rain of your land in his due season, the first rain and the latter rain, that thou mayest gather in thy corn, and thy wine, and thine oil.	
Deuteronomy 11:17	And then the LORD's wrath be kindled against you, and he shut up the heaven, that there be no rain, and that the land yield not her fruit; and lest ye perish quickly from off the good land which the LORD giveth you.	
Deuteronomy 11:20	And thou shalt write them upon the door posts of thine house, and upon thy gates:	
Deuteronomy 11:24	Every place whereon the soles of your feet shall tread shall be yours: from the wilderness and Lebanon, from the river, the river Euphrates, even unto the uttermost sea shall your coast be.	
Deuteronomy 11:29	And it shall come to pass, when the LORD thy God hath brought thee in unto the land whither thou goest to possess it, that thou shalt put the blessing upon mount Gerizim, and the curse upon mount Ebal.	
Deuteronomy 11:3	And his miracles, and his acts, which he did in the midst of Egypt unto Pharaoh the king of Egypt, and unto all his land;	
Deuteronomy 11:32	And ye shall observe to do all the statutes and judgments which I set before you this day.	
Deuteronomy 11:4	And what he did unto the army of Egypt, unto their horses, and to their chariots; how he made the water of the Red sea to overflow them as they pursued after you, and how the LORD hath destroyed them unto this day;	
Deuteronomy 11:9	And that ye may prolong your days in the land, which the LORD sware unto your fathers to give unto them and to their seed, a land that floweth with milk and honey.	
Deuteronomy 12:1	These are the statutes and judgments, which ye shall observe to do in the land, which the LORD God of thy fathers giveth thee to possess it, all the days that ye live upon the earth.	
Deuteronomy 12:10	But when ye go over Jordan, and dwell in the land which the LORD your God giveth you to inherit, and when he giveth you rest from all your enemies round about, so that ye dwell in safety;	
Deuteronomy 12:13	Take heed to thyself that thou offer not thy burnt offerings in every place that thou seest:	
Deuteronomy 12:18	But thou must eat them before the LORD thy God in the place which the LORD thy God shall choose, thou, and thy son, and thy daughter, and thy manservant, and thy maidservant, and the Levite that is within thy gates: and thou shalt rejoice before the LORD thy God in all that thou puttest thine hands unto.	
Deuteronomy 12:19	Take heed to thyself that thou forsake not the Levite as long as thou livest upon the earth.	
Deuteronomy 12:21	If the place which the LORD thy God hath chosen to put his name there be too far from thee, then thou shalt kill of thy herd and of thy flock, which the LORD hath given thee, as I have commanded thee, and thou shalt eat in thy gates whatsoever thy soul lusteth after.	
Deuteronomy 12:27	And thou shalt offer thy burnt offerings, the flesh and the blood, upon the altar of the LORD thy God: and the blood of thy sacrifices shall be poured out upon the altar of the LORD thy God, and thou shalt eat the flesh.	
Deuteronomy 12:29	When the LORD thy God shall cut off the nations from before thee, whither thou goest to possess them, and thou succeedest them, and dwellest in their land;	
Deuteronomy 13:10	And thou shalt stone him with stones, that he die; because he hath sought to thrust thee away from the LORD thy God, which brought thee out of the land of Egypt, from the house of bondage.	
Deuteronomy 13:12	If thou shalt hear say in one of thy cities, which the LORD thy God hath given thee to dwell there, saying,	
Deuteronomy 13:16	And thou shalt gather all the spoil of it into the midst of the street thereof, and shalt burn with fire the city, and all the spoil thereof every whit, for the LORD thy God: and it shall be an heap for ever; it shall not be built again.	
Deuteronomy 13:18	When thou shalt hearken to the voice of the LORD thy God, to keep all his commandments which I command thee this day, to do that which is right in the eyes of the LORD thy God.	
Deuteronomy 13:8	Thou shalt not consent unto him, nor hearken unto him; neither shall thine eye pity him, neither shalt thou spare, neither shalt thou conceal him:	
Deuteronomy 14:19	And every creeping thing that flieth is unclean unto you: they shall not be eaten.	
Deuteronomy 14:20	But of all clean fowls ye may eat.	
Deuteronomy 14:29	And the Levite, (because he hath no part nor inheritance with thee,) and the stranger, and the fatherless, and the widow, which are within thy gates, shall come, and shall eat and be satisfied; that the LORD thy God may bless thee in all the work of thine hand which thou doest.	
Deuteronomy 14:4	These are the beasts which ye shall eat: the ox, the sheep, and the goat,	
Deuteronomy 15:1	At the end of every seven years thou shalt make a release.	
Deuteronomy 15:15	And thou shalt remember that thou wast a bondman in the land of Egypt, and the LORD thy God redeemed thee: therefore I command thee this thing to day.	
Deuteronomy 15:21	And if there be any blemish therein, as if it be lame, or blind, or have any ill blemish, thou shalt not sacrifice it unto the LORD thy God.	
Deuteronomy 15:4	Save when there shall be no poor among you; for the LORD shall greatly bless thee in the land which the LORD thy God giveth thee for an inheritance to possess it:	
Deuteronomy 16:1	Observe the month of Abib, and keep the passover unto the LORD thy God: for in the month of Abib the LORD thy God brought thee forth out of Egypt by night.	
Deuteronomy 16:17	Every man shall give as he is able, according to the blessing of the LORD thy God which he hath given thee.	
Deuteronomy 16:2	Thou shalt therefore sacrifice the passover unto the LORD thy God, of the flock and the herd, in the place which the LORD shall choose to place his name there.	
Deuteronomy 16:4	And there shall be no leavened bread seen with thee in all thy coast seven days; neither shall there any thing of the flesh, which thou sacrificedst the first day at even, remain all night until the morning.	
Deuteronomy 17:11	According to the sentence of the law which they shall teach thee, and according to the judgment which they shall tell thee, thou shalt do: thou shalt not decline from the sentence which they shall show thee, to the right hand, nor to the left.	
Deuteronomy 17:16	But he shall not multiply horses to himself, nor cause the people to return to Egypt, to the end that he should multiply horses: forasmuch as the LORD hath said unto you, Ye shall henceforth return no more that way.	
Deuteronomy 17:17	Neither shall he multiply wives to himself, that his heart turn not away: neither shall he greatly multiply to himself silver and gold.	
Deuteronomy 17:19	And it shall be with him, and he shall read therein all the days of his life: that he may learn to fear the LORD his God, to keep all the words of this law and these statutes, to do them:	
Deuteronomy 18:10	There shall not be found among you any one that maketh his son or his daughter to pass through the fire, or that useth divination, or an observer of times, or an enchanter, or a witch.	
Deuteronomy 18:20	But the prophet, which shall presume to speak a word in my name, which I have not commanded him to speak, or that shall speak in the name of other gods, even that prophet shall die.	
Deuteronomy 18:3	And this shall be the priest's due from the people, from them that offer a sacrifice, whether it be ox or sheep; and they shall give unto the priest the shoulder, and the two cheeks, and the maw.	
Deuteronomy 19:15	One witness shall not rise up against a man for any iniquity, or for any sin, in any sin that he sinneth: at the mouth of two witnesses, or at the mouth of three witnesses, shall the matter be established.	
Deuteronomy 19:21	And thine eye shall not pity; but life shall go for life, eye for eye, tooth for tooth, hand for hand, foot for foot.	
Deuteronomy 19:6	Lest the avenger of the blood pursue the slayer, while his heart is hot, and overtake him, because the way is long, and slay him; whereas he was not worthy of death, inasmuch as he hated him not in time past.	
Deuteronomy 1:1	These be the words which Moses spake unto all Israel on this side Jordan in the wilderness, in the plain over against the Red sea, between Paran, and Tophel, and Laban, and Hazeroth, and Dizahab.	
Deuteronomy 1:10	The LORD your God hath multiplied you, and, behold, ye are this day as the stars of heaven for multitude.	
Deuteronomy 1:16	And I charged your judges at that time, saying, Hear the causes between your brethren, and judge righteously between every man and his brother, and the stranger that is with him.	
Deuteronomy 1:19	And when we departed from Horeb, we went through all that great and terrible wilderness, which ye saw by the way of the mountain of the Amorites, as the LORD our God commanded us; and we came to Kadeshbarnea.	
Deuteronomy 1:29	Then I said unto you, Dread not, neither be afraid of them.	
Deuteronomy 1:37	Also the LORD was angry with me for your sakes, saying, Thou also shalt not go in thither.	
Deuteronomy 1:4	After he had slain Sihon the king of the Amorites, which dwelt in Heshbon, and Og the king of Bashan, which dwelt at Astaroth in Edrei:	
Deuteronomy 1:40	But as for you, turn you, and take your journey into the wilderness by the way of the Red sea.	
Deuteronomy 1:43	So I spake unto you; and ye would not hear, but rebelled against the commandment of the LORD, and went presumptuously up into the hill.	
Deuteronomy 1:45	And ye returned and wept before the LORD; but the LORD would not hearken to your voice, nor give ear unto you.	
Deuteronomy 1:46	So ye abode in Kadesh many days, according unto the days that ye abode there.	
Deuteronomy 1:6	The LORD our God spake unto us in Horeb, saying, Ye have dwelt long enough in this mount:	
Deuteronomy 20:1	When thou goest out to battle against thine enemies, and seest horses, and chariots, and a people more than thou, be not afraid of them: for the LORD thy God is with thee, which brought thee up out of the land of Egypt.	
Deuteronomy 20:11	And it shall be, if it make thee answer of peace, and open unto thee, then it shall be, that all the people that is found therein shall be tributaries unto thee, and they shall serve thee.	
Deuteronomy 20:17	But thou shalt utterly destroy them; namely, the Hittites, and the Amorites, the Canaanites, and the Perizzites, the Hivites, and the Jebusites; as the LORD thy God hath commanded thee:	
Deuteronomy 21:19	Then shall his father and his mother lay hold on him, and bring him out unto the elders of his city, and unto the gate of his place;	
Deuteronomy 21:22	And if a man have committed a sin worthy of death, and he be to be put to death, and thou hang him on a tree:	
Deuteronomy 21:23	His body shall not remain all night upon the tree, but thou shalt in any wise bury him that day; (for he that is hanged is accursed of God;) that thy land be not defiled, which the LORD thy God giveth thee for an inheritance.	
Deuteronomy 21:4	And the elders of that city shall bring down the heifer unto a rough valley, which is neither eared nor sown, and shall strike off the heifer's neck there in the valley:	
Deuteronomy 21:6	And all the elders of that city, that are next unto the slain man, shall wash their hands over the heifer that is beheaded in the valley:	
Deuteronomy 21:7	And they shall answer and say, Our hands have not shed this blood, neither have our eyes seen it.	
Deuteronomy 21:8	Be merciful, O LORD, unto thy people Israel, whom thou hast redeemed, and lay not innocent blood unto thy people of Israel's charge. And the blood shall be forgiven them.	
Deuteronomy 22:13	If any man take a wife, and go in unto her, and hate her,	
Deuteronomy 22:17	And, lo, he hath given occasions of speech against her, saying, I found not thy daughter a maid; and yet these are the tokens of my daughter's virginity. And they shall spread the cloth before the elders of the city.	
Deuteronomy 22:20	But if this thing be true, and the tokens of virginity be not found for the damsel:	
Deuteronomy 22:24	Then ye shall bring them both out unto the gate of that city, and ye shall stone them with stones that they die; the damsel, because she cried not, being in the city; and the man, because he hath humbled his neighbor's wife: so thou shalt put away evil from among you.	
Deuteronomy 22:27	For he found her in the field, and the betrothed damsel cried, and there was none to save her.	
Deuteronomy 22:28	If a man find a damsel that is a virgin, which is not betrothed, and lay hold on her, and lie with her, and they be found;	
Deuteronomy 22:29	Then the man that lay with her shall give unto the damsel's father fifty shekels of silver, and she shall be his wife; because he hath humbled her, he may not put her away all his days.	
Deuteronomy 22:3	In like manner shalt thou do with his ass; and so shalt thou do with his raiment; and with all lost thing of thy brother's, which he hath lost, and thou hast found, shalt thou do likewise: thou mayest not hide thyself.	
Deuteronomy 22:9	Thou shalt not sow thy vineyard with divers seeds: lest the fruit of thy seed which thou hast sown, and the fruit of thy vineyard, be defiled.	
Deuteronomy 23:11	But it shall be, when evening cometh on, he shall wash himself with water: and when the sun is down, he shall come into the camp again.	
Deuteronomy 23:13	And thou shalt have a paddle upon thy weapon; and it shall be, when thou wilt ease thyself abroad, thou shalt dig therewith, and shalt turn back and cover that which cometh from thee:	
Deuteronomy 23:18	Thou shalt not bring the hire of a whore, or the price of a dog, into the house of the LORD thy God for any vow: for even both these are abomination unto the LORD thy God.	
Deuteronomy 23:2	A bastard shall not enter into the congregation of the LORD; even to his tenth generation shall he not enter into the congregation of the LORD.	
Deuteronomy 23:7	Thou shalt not abhor an Edomite; for he is thy brother: thou shalt not abhor an Egyptian; because thou wast a stranger in his land.	
Deuteronomy 24:1	When a man hath taken a wife, and married her, and it come to pass that she find no favor in his eyes, because he hath found some uncleanness in her: then let him write her a bill of divorcement, and give it in her hand, and send her out of his house.	
Deuteronomy 24:11	Thou shalt stand abroad, and the man to whom thou dost lend shall bring out the pledge abroad unto thee.	
Deuteronomy 24:18	But thou shalt remember that thou wast a bondman in Egypt, and the LORD thy God redeemed thee thence: therefore I command thee to do this thing.	
Deuteronomy 24:20	When thou beatest thine olive tree, thou shalt not go over the boughs again: it shall be for the stranger, for the fatherless, and for the widow.	
Deuteronomy 24:22	And thou shalt remember that thou wast a bondman in the land of Egypt: therefore I command thee to do this thing.	
Deuteronomy 25:12	Then thou shalt cut off her hand, thine eye shall not pity her.	
Deuteronomy 25:13	Thou shalt not have in thy bag divers weights, a great and a small.	
Deuteronomy 25:14	Thou shalt not have in thine house divers measures, a great and a small.	
Deuteronomy 25:16	For all that do such things, and all that do unrighteously, are an abomination unto the LORD thy God.	
Deuteronomy 25:2	And it shall be, if the wicked man be worthy to be beaten, that the judge shall cause him to lie down, and to be beaten before his face, according to his fault, by a certain number.	
Deuteronomy 25:3	Forty stripes he may give him, and not exceed: lest, if he should exceed, and beat him above these with many stripes, then thy brother should seem vile unto thee.	
Deuteronomy 25:7	And if the man like not to take his brother's wife, then let his brother's wife go up to the gate unto the elders, and say, My husband's brother refuseth to raise up unto his brother a name in Israel, he will not perform the duty of my husband's brother.	
Deuteronomy 25:8	Then the elders of his city shall call him, and speak unto him: and if he stand to it, and say, I like not to take her;	
Deuteronomy 26:16	This day the LORD thy God hath commanded thee to do these statutes and judgments: thou shalt therefore keep and do them with all thine heart, and with all thy soul.	
Deuteronomy 26:17	Thou hast avouched the LORD this day to be thy God, and to walk in his ways, and to keep his statutes, and his commandments, and his judgments, and to hearken unto his voice:	
Deuteronomy 26:18	And the LORD hath avouched thee this day to be his peculiar people, as he hath promised thee, and that thou shouldest keep all his commandments;	
Deuteronomy 26:3	And thou shalt go unto the priest that shall be in those days, and say unto him, I profess this day unto the LORD thy God, that I am come unto the country which the LORD sware unto our fathers for to give us.	
Deuteronomy 26:6	And the Egyptians evil entreated us, and afflicted us, and laid upon us hard bondage:	
Deuteronomy 26:8	And the LORD brought us forth out of Egypt with a mighty hand, and with an outstretched arm, and with great terribleness, and with signs, and with wonders:	
Deuteronomy 26:9	And he hath brought us into this place, and hath given us this land, even a land that floweth with milk and honey.	
Deuteronomy 27:12	These shall stand upon mount Gerizim to bless the people, when ye are come over Jordan; Simeon, and Levi, and Judah, and Issachar, and Joseph, and Benjamin:	
Deuteronomy 27:23	Cursed be he that lieth with his mother in law. And all the people shall say, Amen.	
Deuteronomy 27:25	Cursed be he that taketh reward to slay an innocent person. And all the people shall say, Amen.	
Deuteronomy 27:4	Therefore it shall be when ye be gone over Jordan, that ye shall set up these stones, which I command you this day, in mount Ebal, and thou shalt plaster them with plaster.	
Deuteronomy 27:6	Thou shalt build the altar of the LORD thy God of whole stones: and thou shalt offer burnt offerings thereon unto the LORD thy God:	
Deuteronomy 28:1	And it shall come to pass, if thou shalt hearken diligently unto the voice of the LORD thy God, to observe and to do all his commandments which I command thee this day, that the LORD thy God will set thee on high above all nations of the earth:	
Deuteronomy 28:11	And the LORD shall make thee plenteous in goods, in the fruit of thy body, and in the fruit of thy cattle, and in the fruit of thy ground, in the land which the LORD sware unto thy fathers to give thee.	
Deuteronomy 28:15	But it shall come to pass, if thou wilt not hearken unto the voice of the LORD thy God, to observe to do all his commandments and his statutes which I command thee this day; that all these curses shall come upon thee, and overtake thee:	
Deuteronomy 28:16	Cursed shalt thou be in the city, and cursed shalt thou be in the field.	
Deuteronomy 28:17	Cursed shall be thy basket and thy store.	
Deuteronomy 28:19	Cursed shalt thou be when thou comest in, and cursed shalt thou be when thou goest out.	
Deuteronomy 28:20	The LORD shall send upon thee cursing, vexation, and rebuke, in all that thou settest thine hand unto for to do, until thou be destroyed, and until thou perish quickly; because of the wickedness of thy doings, whereby thou hast forsaken me.	
Deuteronomy 28:3	Blessed shalt thou be in the city, and blessed shalt thou be in the field.	
Deuteronomy 28:39	Thou shalt plant vineyards, and dress them, but shalt neither drink of the wine, nor gather the grapes; for the worms shall eat them.	
Deuteronomy 28:40	Thou shalt have olive trees throughout all thy coasts, but thou shalt not anoint thyself with the oil; for thine olive shall cast his fruit.	
Deuteronomy 28:46	And they shall be upon thee for a sign and for a wonder, and upon thy seed for ever.	
Deuteronomy 28:48	Therefore shalt thou serve thine enemies which the LORD shall send against thee, in hunger, and in thirst, and in nakedness, and in want of all things: and he shall put a yoke of iron upon thy neck, until he have destroyed thee.	
Deuteronomy 28:52	And he shall besiege thee in all thy gates, until thy high and fenced walls come down, wherein thou trustedst, throughout all thy land: and he shall besiege thee in all thy gates throughout all thy land, which the LORD thy God hath given thee.	
Deuteronomy 29:1	These are the words of the covenant, which the LORD commanded Moses to make with the children of Israel in the land of Moab, beside the covenant which he made with them in Horeb.	
Deuteronomy 29:10	Ye stand this day all of you before the LORD your God; your captains of your tribes, your elders, and your officers, with all the men of Israel,	
Deuteronomy 29:15	But with him that standeth here with us this day before the LORD our God, and also with him that is not here with us this day:	
Deuteronomy 29:2	And Moses called unto all Israel, and said unto them, Ye have seen all that the LORD did before your eyes in the land of Egypt unto Pharaoh, and unto all his servants, and unto all his land;	
Deuteronomy 29:21	And the LORD shall separate him unto evil out of all the tribes of Israel, according to all the curses of the covenant that are written in this book of the law:	
Deuteronomy 29:22	So that the generation to come of your children that shall rise up after you, and the stranger that shall come from a far land, shall say, when they see the plagues of that land, and the sicknesses which the LORD hath laid upon it;	
Deuteronomy 29:28	And the LORD rooted them out of their land in anger, and in wrath, and in great indignation, and cast them into another land, as it is this day.	
Deuteronomy 29:6	Ye have not eaten bread, neither have ye drunk wine or strong drink: that ye might know that I am the LORD your God.	
Deuteronomy 29:8	And we took their land, and gave it for an inheritance unto the Reubenites, and to the Gadites, and to the half tribe of Manasseh.	
Deuteronomy 29:9	Keep therefore the words of this covenant, and do them, that ye may prosper in all that ye do.	
Deuteronomy 2:11	Which also were accounted giants, as the Anakims; but the Moabites called them Emims.	
Deuteronomy 2:13	Now rise up, said I, and get you over the brook Zered. And we went over the brook Zered.	
Deuteronomy 2:16	So it came to pass, when all the men of war were consumed and dead from among the people,	
Deuteronomy 2:18	Thou art to pass over through Ar, the coast of Moab, this day:	
Deuteronomy 2:20	(That also was accounted a land of giants: giants dwelt therein in old time; and the Ammonites call them Zamzummims;	
Deuteronomy 2:21	A people great, and many, and tall, as the Anakims; but the LORD destroyed them before them; and they succeeded them, and dwelt in their stead:	
Deuteronomy 2:22	As he did to the children of Esau, which dwelt in Seir, when he destroyed the Horims from before them; and they succeeded them, and dwelt in their stead even unto this day:	
Deuteronomy 2:23	And the Avims which dwelt in Hazerim, even unto Azzah, the Caphtorims, which came forth out of Caphtor, destroyed them, and dwelt in their stead.)	
Deuteronomy 2:25	This day will I begin to put the dread of thee and the fear of thee upon the nations that are under the whole heaven, who shall hear report of thee, and shall tremble, and be in anguish because of thee.	
Deuteronomy 2:29	(As the children of Esau which dwell in Seir, and the Moabites which dwell in Ar, did unto me;) until I shall pass over Jordan into the land which the LORD our God giveth us.	
Deuteronomy 2:33	And the LORD our God delivered him before us; and we smote him, and his sons, and all his people.	
Deuteronomy 2:6	Ye shall buy meat of them for money, that ye may eat; and ye shall also buy water of them for money, that ye may drink.	
Deuteronomy 2:9	And the LORD said unto me, Distress not the Moabites, neither contend with them in battle: for I will not give thee of their land for a possession; because I have given Ar unto the children of Lot for a possession.	
Deuteronomy 30:1	And it shall come to pass, when all these things are come upon thee, the blessing and the curse, which I have set before thee, and thou shalt call them to mind among all the nations, whither the LORD thy God hath driven thee,	
Deuteronomy 30:10	If thou shalt hearken unto the voice of the LORD thy God, to keep his commandments and his statutes which are written in this book of the law, and if thou turn unto the LORD thy God with all thine heart, and with all thy soul.	
Deuteronomy 30:13	Neither is it beyond the sea, that thou shouldest say, Who shall go over the sea for us, and bring it unto us, that we may hear it, and do it?	
Deuteronomy 30:15	See, I have set before thee this day life and good, and death and evil;	
Deuteronomy 30:17	But if thine heart turn away, so that thou wilt not hear, but shalt be drawn away, and worship other gods, and serve them;	
Deuteronomy 30:2	And shalt return unto the LORD thy God, and shalt obey his voice according to all that I command thee this day, thou and thy children, with all thine heart, and with all thy soul;	
Deuteronomy 30:20	That thou mayest love the LORD thy God, and that thou mayest obey his voice, and that thou mayest cleave unto him: for he is thy life, and the length of thy days: that thou mayest dwell in the land which the LORD sware unto thy fathers, to Abraham, to Isaac, and to Jacob, to give them.	
Deuteronomy 30:5	And the LORD thy God will bring thee into the land which thy fathers possessed, and thou shalt possess it; and he will do thee good, and multiply thee above thy fathers.	
Deuteronomy 31:23	And he gave Joshua the son of Nun a charge, and said, Be strong and of a good courage: for thou shalt bring the children of Israel into the land which I sware unto them: and I will be with thee.	
Deuteronomy 31:29	For I know that after my death ye will utterly corrupt yourselves, and turn aside from the way which I have commanded you; and evil will befall you in the latter days; because ye will do evil in the sight of the LORD, to provoke him to anger through the work of your hands.	
Deuteronomy 31:4	And the LORD shall do unto them as he did to Sihon and to Og, kings of the Amorites, and unto the land of them, whom he destroyed.	
Deuteronomy 32:1	Give ear, O ye heavens, and I will speak; and hear, O earth, the words of my mouth.	
Deuteronomy 32:11	As an eagle stirreth up her nest, fluttereth over her young, spreadeth abroad her wings, taketh them, beareth them on her wings:	
Deuteronomy 32:17	They sacrificed unto devils, not to God; to gods whom they knew not, to new gods that came newly up, whom your fathers feared not.	
Deuteronomy 32:18	Of the Rock that begat thee thou art unmindful, and hast forgotten God that formed thee.	
Deuteronomy 32:2	My doctrine shall drop as the rain, my speech shall distil as the dew, as the small rain upon the tender herb, and as the showers upon the grass:	
Deuteronomy 32:24	They shall be burnt with hunger, and devoured with burning heat, and with bitter destruction: I will also send the teeth of beasts upon them, with the poison of serpents of the dust.	
Deuteronomy 32:27	Were it not that I feared the wrath of the enemy, lest their adversaries should behave themselves strangely, and lest they should say, Our hand is high, and the LORD hath not done all this.	
Deuteronomy 32:38	Which did eat the fat of their sacrifices, and drank the wine of their drink offerings? let them rise up and help you, and be your protection.	
Deuteronomy 32:41	If I whet my glittering sword, and mine hand take hold on judgment; I will render vengeance to mine enemies, and will reward them that hate me.	
Deuteronomy 32:43	Rejoice, O ye nations, with his people: for he will avenge the blood of his servants, and will render vengeance to his adversaries, and will be merciful unto his land, and to his people.	
Deuteronomy 32:46	And he said unto them, Set your hearts unto all the words which I testify among you this day, which ye shall command your children to observe to do, all the words of this law.	
Deuteronomy 32:5	They have corrupted themselves, their spot is not the spot of his children: they are a perverse and crooked generation.	
Deuteronomy 32:51	Because ye trespassed against me among the children of Israel at the waters of MeribahKadesh, in the wilderness of Zin; because ye sanctified me not in the midst of the children of Israel.	
Deuteronomy 32:8	When the Most High divided to the nations their inheritance, when he separated the sons of Adam, he set the bounds of the people according to the number of the children of Israel.	
Deuteronomy 33:13	And of Joseph he said, Blessed of the LORD be his land, for the precious things of heaven, for the dew, and for the deep that coucheth beneath,	
Deuteronomy 33:17	His glory is like the firstling of his bullock, and his horns are like the horns of unicorns: with them he shall push the people together to the ends of the earth: and they are the ten thousands of Ephraim, and they are the thousands of Manasseh.	
Deuteronomy 33:28	Israel then shall dwell in safety alone: the fountain of Jacob shall be upon a land of corn and wine; also his heavens shall drop down dew.	
Deuteronomy 33:4	Moses commanded us a law, even the inheritance of the congregation of Jacob.	
Deuteronomy 33:6	Let Reuben live, and not die; and let not his men be few.	
Deuteronomy 33:9	Who said unto his father and to his mother, I have not seen him; neither did he acknowledge his brethren, nor knew his own children: for they have observed thy word, and kept thy covenant.	
Deuteronomy 34:12	And in all that mighty hand, and in all the great terror which Moses showed in the sight of all Israel.	
Deuteronomy 34:3	And the south, and the plain of the valley of Jericho, the city of palm trees, unto Zoar.	
Deuteronomy 34:7	And Moses was an hundred and twenty years old when he died: his eye was not dim, nor his natural force abated.	
Deuteronomy 34:9	And Joshua the son of Nun was full of the spirit of wisdom; for Moses had laid his hands upon him: and the children of Israel hearkened unto him, and did as the LORD commanded Moses.	
Deuteronomy 3:10	All the cities of the plain, and all Gilead, and all Bashan, unto Salchah and Edrei, cities of the kingdom of Og in Bashan.	
Deuteronomy 3:13	And the rest of Gilead, and all Bashan, being the kingdom of Og, gave I unto the half tribe of Manasseh; all the region of Argob, with all Bashan, which was called the land of giants.	
Deuteronomy 3:17	The plain also, and Jordan, and the coast thereof, from Chinnereth even unto the sea of the plain, even the salt sea, under Ashdothpisgah eastward.	
Deuteronomy 3:21	And I commanded Joshua at that time, saying, Thine eyes have seen all that the LORD your God hath done unto these two kings: so shall the LORD do unto all the kingdoms whither thou passest.	
Deuteronomy 3:22	Ye shall not fear them: for the LORD your God he shall fight for you.	
Deuteronomy 3:23	And I besought the LORD at that time, saying,	
Deuteronomy 3:4	And we took all his cities at that time, there was not a city which we took not from them, threescore cities, all the region of Argob, the kingdom of Og in Bashan.	
Deuteronomy 4:11	And ye came near and stood under the mountain; and the mountain burned with fire unto the midst of heaven, with darkness, clouds, and thick darkness.	
Deuteronomy 4:16	Lest ye corrupt yourselves, and make you a graven image, the similitude of any figure, the likeness of male or female,	
Deuteronomy 4:17	The likeness of any beast that is on the earth, the likeness of any winged fowl that flieth in the air,	
Deuteronomy 4:19	And lest thou lift up thine eyes unto heaven, and when thou seest the sun, and the moon, and the stars, even all the host of heaven, shouldest be driven to worship them, and serve them, which the LORD thy God hath divided unto all nations under the whole heaven.	
Deuteronomy 4:2	Ye shall not add unto the word which I command you, neither shall ye diminish ought from it, that ye may keep the commandments of the LORD your God which I command you.	
Deuteronomy 4:23	Take heed unto yourselves, lest ye forget the covenant of the LORD your God, which he made with you, and make you a graven image, or the likeness of any thing, which the LORD thy God hath forbidden thee.	
Deuteronomy 4:27	And the LORD shall scatter you among the nations, and ye shall be left few in number among the heathen, whither the LORD shall lead you.	
Deuteronomy 4:29	But if from thence thou shalt seek the LORD thy God, thou shalt find him, if thou seek him with all thy heart and with all thy soul.	
Deuteronomy 4:33	Did ever people hear the voice of God speaking out of the midst of the fire, as thou hast heard, and live?	
Deuteronomy 4:35	Unto thee it was showed, that thou mightest know that the LORD he is God; there is none else beside him.	
Deuteronomy 4:38	To drive out nations from before thee greater and mightier than thou art, to bring thee in, to give thee their land for an inheritance, as it is this day.	
Deuteronomy 4:41	Then Moses severed three cities on this side Jordan toward the sunrising;	
Deuteronomy 4:43	Namely, Bezer in the wilderness, in the plain country, of the Reubenites; and Ramoth in Gilead, of the Gadites; and Golan in Bashan, of the Manassites.	
Deuteronomy 4:45	These are the testimonies, and the statutes, and the judgments, which Moses spake unto the children of Israel, after they came forth out of Egypt.	
Deuteronomy 4:49	And all the plain on this side Jordan eastward, even unto the sea of the plain, under the springs of Pisgah.	
Deuteronomy 4:7	For what nation is there so great, who hath God so nigh unto them, as the LORD our God is in all things that we call upon him for?	
Deuteronomy 5:11	Thou shalt not take the name of the LORD thy God in vain: for the LORD will not hold him guiltless that taketh his name in vain.	
Deuteronomy 5:13	Six days thou shalt labor, and do all thy work:	
Deuteronomy 5:21	Neither shalt thou desire thy neighbor's wife, neither shalt thou covet thy neighbor's house, his field, or his manservant, or his maidservant, his ox, or his ass, or any thing that is thy neighbor's.	
Deuteronomy 5:24	And ye said, Behold, the LORD our God hath showed us his glory and his greatness, and we have heard his voice out of the midst of the fire: we have seen this day that God doth talk with man, and he liveth.	
Deuteronomy 5:31	But as for thee, stand thou here by me, and I will speak unto thee all the commandments, and the statutes, and the judgments, which thou shalt teach them, that they may do them in the land which I give them to possess it.	
Deuteronomy 5:8	Thou shalt not make thee any graven image, or any likeness of any thing that is in heaven above, or that is in the earth beneath, or that is in the waters beneath the earth:	
Deuteronomy 6:12	Then beware lest thou forget the LORD, which brought thee forth out of the land of Egypt, from the house of bondage.	
Deuteronomy 6:14	Ye shall not go after other gods, of the gods of the people which are round about you;	
Deuteronomy 6:19	To cast out all thine enemies from before thee, as the LORD hath spoken.	
Deuteronomy 6:22	And the LORD showed signs and wonders, great and sore, upon Egypt, upon Pharaoh, and upon all his household, before our eyes:	
Deuteronomy 6:25	And it shall be our righteousness, if we observe to do all these commandments before the LORD our God, as he hath commanded us.	
Deuteronomy 6:8	And thou shalt bind them for a sign upon thine hand, and they shall be as frontlets between thine eyes.	
Deuteronomy 7:16	And thou shalt consume all the people which the LORD thy God shall deliver thee; thine eye shall have no pity upon them: neither shalt thou serve their gods; for that will be a snare unto thee.	
Deuteronomy 7:18	Thou shalt not be afraid of them: but shalt well remember what the LORD thy God did unto Pharaoh, and unto all Egypt;	
Deuteronomy 7:21	Thou shalt not be affrighted at them: for the LORD thy God is among you, a mighty God and terrible.	
Deuteronomy 7:23	But the LORD thy God shall deliver them unto thee, and shall destroy them with a mighty destruction, until they be destroyed.	
Deuteronomy 7:24	And he shall deliver their kings into thine hand, and thou shalt destroy their name from under heaven: there shall no man be able to stand before thee, until thou have destroyed them.	
Deuteronomy 7:9	Know therefore that the LORD thy God, he is God, the faithful God, which keepeth covenant and mercy with them that love him and keep his commandments to a thousand generations;	
Deuteronomy 8:13	And when thy herds and thy flocks multiply, and thy silver and thy gold is multiplied, and all that thou hast is multiplied;	
Deuteronomy 8:15	Who led thee through that great and terrible wilderness, wherein were fiery serpents, and scorpions, and drought, where there was no water; who brought thee forth water out of the rock of flint;	
Deuteronomy 8:17	And thou say in thine heart, My power and the might of mine hand hath gotten me this wealth.	
Deuteronomy 8:18	But thou shalt remember the LORD thy God: for it is he that giveth thee power to get wealth, that he may establish his covenant which he sware unto thy fathers, as it is this day.	
Deuteronomy 8:4	Thy raiment waxed not old upon thee, neither did thy foot swell, these forty years.	
Deuteronomy 8:5	Thou shalt also consider in thine heart, that, as a man chasteneth his son, so the LORD thy God chasteneth thee.	
Deuteronomy 8:8	A land of wheat, and barley, and vines, and fig trees, and pomegranates; a land of oil olive, and honey;	
Deuteronomy 9:10	And the LORD delivered unto me two tables of stone written with the finger of God; and on them was written according to all the words, which the LORD spake with you in the mount out of the midst of the fire in the day of the assembly.	
Deuteronomy 9:14	Let me alone, that I may destroy them, and blot out their name from under heaven: and I will make of thee a nation mightier and greater than they.	
Deuteronomy 9:17	And I took the two tables, and cast them out of my two hands, and brake them before your eyes.	
Deuteronomy 9:18	And I fell down before the LORD, as at the first, forty days and forty nights: I did neither eat bread, nor drink water, because of all your sins which ye sinned, in doing wickedly in the sight of the LORD, to provoke him to anger.	
Deuteronomy 9:20	And the LORD was very angry with Aaron to have destroyed him: and I prayed for Aaron also the same time.	
Deuteronomy 9:22	And at Taberah, and at Massah, and at Kibrothhattaavah, ye provoked the LORD to wrath.	
Deuteronomy 9:23	Likewise when the LORD sent you from Kadeshbarnea, saying, Go up and possess the land which I have given you; then ye rebelled against the commandment of the LORD your God, and ye believed him not, nor hearkened to his voice.	
Deuteronomy 9:24	Ye have been rebellious against the LORD from the day that I knew you.	
Deuteronomy 9:27	Remember thy servants, Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob; look not unto the stubbornness of this people, nor to their wickedness, nor to their sin:	
Deuteronomy 9:29	Yet they are thy people and thine inheritance, which thou broughtest out by thy mighty power and by thy stretched out arm.	
Deuteronomy 9:4	Speak not thou in thine heart, after that the LORD thy God hath cast them out from before thee, saying, For my righteousness the LORD hath brought me in to possess this land: but for the wickedness of these nations the LORD doth drive them out from before thee.	
Ecclesiastes 10:16	Woe to thee, O land, when thy king is a child, and thy princes eat in the morning!	
Ecclesiastes 10:18	By much slothfulness the building decayeth; and through idleness of the hands the house droppeth through.	
Ecclesiastes 10:19	A feast is made for laughter, and wine maketh merry: but money answereth all things.	
Ecclesiastes 10:20	Curse not the king, no not in thy thought; and curse not the rich in thy bedchamber: for a bird of the air shall carry the voice, and that which hath wings shall tell the matter.	
Ecclesiastes 10:3	Yea also, when he that is a fool walketh by the way, his wisdom faileth him, and he saith to every one that he is a fool.	
Ecclesiastes 10:9	Whoso removeth stones shall be hurt therewith; and he that cleaveth wood shall be endangered thereby.	
Ecclesiastes 11:5	As thou knowest not what is the way of the spirit, nor how the bones do grow in the womb of her that is with child: even so thou knowest not the works of God who maketh all.	
Ecclesiastes 11:8	But if a man live many years, and rejoice in them all; yet let him remember the days of darkness; for they shall be many. All that cometh is vanity.	
Ecclesiastes 11:9	Rejoice, O young man, in thy youth; and let thy heart cheer thee in the days of thy youth, and walk in the ways of thine heart, and in the sight of thine eyes: but know thou, that for all these things God will bring thee into judgment.	
Ecclesiastes 12:1	Remember now thy Creator in the days of thy youth, while the evil days come not, nor the years draw nigh, when thou shalt say, I have no pleasure in them;	
Ecclesiastes 12:10	The preacher sought to find out acceptable words: and that which was written was upright, even words of truth.	
Ecclesiastes 12:14	For God shall bring every work into judgment, with every secret thing, whether it be good, or whether it be evil.	
Ecclesiastes 12:5	Also when they shall be afraid of that which is high, and fears shall be in the way, and the almond tree shall flourish, and the grasshopper shall be a burden, and desire shall fail: because man goeth to his long home, and the mourners go about the streets:	
Ecclesiastes 12:9	And moreover, because the preacher was wise, he still taught the people knowledge; yea, he gave good heed, and sought out, and set in order many proverbs.	
Ecclesiastes 1:3	What profit hath a man of all his labour which he taketh under the sun?	
Ecclesiastes 1:6	The wind goeth toward the south, and turneth about unto the north; it whirleth about continually, and the wind returneth again according to his circuits.	
Ecclesiastes 1:7	All the rivers run into the sea; yet the sea is not full; unto the place from whence the rivers come, thither they return again.	
Ecclesiastes 2:14	The wise man's eyes are in his head; but the fool walketh in darkness: and I myself perceived also that one event happeneth to them all.	
Ecclesiastes 2:21	For there is a man whose labour is in wisdom, and in knowledge, and in equity; yet to a man that hath not laboured therein shall he leave it for his portion. This also is vanity and a great evil.	
Ecclesiastes 2:3	I sought in mine heart to give myself unto wine, yet acquainting mine heart with wisdom; and to lay hold on folly, till I might see what was that good for the sons of men, which they should do under the heaven all the days of their life.	
Ecclesiastes 2:4	I made me great works; I builded me houses; I planted me vineyards:	
Ecclesiastes 3:11	He hath made every thing beautiful in his time: also he hath set the world in their heart, so that no man can find out the work that God maketh from the beginning to the end.	
Ecclesiastes 3:12	I know that there is no good in them, but for a man to rejoice, and to do good in his life.	
Ecclesiastes 3:15	That which hath been is now; and that which is to be hath already been; and God requireth that which is past.	
Ecclesiastes 3:16	And moreover I saw under the sun the place of judgment, that wickedness was there; and the place of righteousness, that iniquity was there.	
Ecclesiastes 3:19	For that which befalleth the sons of men befalleth beasts; even one thing befalleth them: as the one dieth, so dieth the other; yea, they have all one breath; so that a man hath no preeminence above a beast: for all is vanity.	
Ecclesiastes 3:2	A time to be born, and a time to die; a time to plant, and a time to pluck up that which is planted;	
Ecclesiastes 3:5	A time to cast away stones, and a time to gather stones together; a time to embrace, and a time to refrain from embracing;	
Ecclesiastes 3:6	A time to get, and a time to lose; a time to keep, and a time to cast away;	
Ecclesiastes 3:7	A time to rend, and a time to sew; a time to keep silence, and a time to speak;	
Ecclesiastes 4:14	For out of prison he cometh to reign; whereas also he that is born in his kingdom becometh poor.	
Ecclesiastes 4:2	Wherefore I praised the dead which are already dead more than the living which are yet alive.	
Ecclesiastes 4:6	Better is an handful with quietness, than both the hands full with travail and vexation of spirit.	
Ecclesiastes 4:9	Two are better than one; because they have a good reward for their labour.	
Ecclesiastes 5:12	The sleep of a labouring man is sweet, whether he eat little or much: but the abundance of the rich will not suffer him to sleep.	
Ecclesiastes 5:2	Be not rash with thy mouth, and let not thine heart be hasty to utter any thing before God: for God is in heaven, and thou upon earth: therefore let thy words be few.	
Ecclesiastes 5:20	For he shall not much remember the days of his life; because God answereth him in the joy of his heart.	
Ecclesiastes 5:4	When thou vowest a vow unto God, defer not to pay it; for he hath no pleasure in fools: pay that which thou hast vowed.	
Ecclesiastes 5:6	Suffer not thy mouth to cause thy flesh to sin; neither say thou before the angel, that it was an error: wherefore should God be angry at thy voice, and destroy the work of thine hands?	
Ecclesiastes 5:8	If thou seest the oppression of the poor, and violent perverting of judgment and justice in a province, marvel not at the matter: for he that is higher than the highest regardeth; and there be higher than they.	
Ecclesiastes 6:10	That which hath been is named already, and it is known that it is man: neither may he contend with him that is mightier than he.	
Ecclesiastes 6:11	Seeing there be many things that increase vanity, what is man the better?	
Ecclesiastes 7:1	A good name is better than precious ointment; and the day of death than the day of one's birth.	
Ecclesiastes 7:12	For wisdom is a defence, and money is a defence: but the excellency of knowledge is, that wisdom giveth life to them that have it.	
Ecclesiastes 7:17	Be not over much wicked, neither be thou foolish: why shouldest thou die before thy time?	
Ecclesiastes 7:26	And I find more bitter than death the woman, whose heart is snares and nets, and her hands as bands: whoso pleaseth God shall escape from her; but the sinner shall be taken by her.	
Ecclesiastes 7:3	Sorrow is better than laughter: for by the sadness of the countenance the heart is made better.	
Ecclesiastes 7:7	Surely oppression maketh a wise man mad; and a gift destroyeth the heart.	
Ecclesiastes 7:9	Be not hasty in thy spirit to be angry: for anger resteth in the bosom of fools.	
Ecclesiastes 8:1	Who is as the wise man? and who knoweth the interpretation of a thing? a man's wisdom maketh his face to shine, and the boldness of his face shall be changed.	
Ecclesiastes 8:5	Whoso keepeth the commandment shall feel no evil thing: and a wise man's heart discerneth both time and judgment.	
Ecclesiastes 8:7	For he knoweth not that which shall be: for who can tell him when it shall be?	
Ecclesiastes 9:1	For all this I considered in my heart even to declare all this, that the righteous, and the wise, and their works, are in the hand of God: no man knoweth either love or hatred by all that is before them.	
Ecclesiastes 9:10	Whatsoever thy hand findeth to do, do it with thy might; for there is no work, nor device, nor knowledge, nor wisdom, in the grave, whither thou goest.	
Ecclesiastes 9:11	I returned, and saw under the sun, that the race is not to the swift, nor the battle to the strong, neither yet bread to the wise, nor yet riches to men of understanding, nor yet favour to men of skill; but time and chance happeneth to them all.	
Ecclesiastes 9:14	There was a little city, and few men within it; and there came a great king against it, and besieged it, and built great bulwarks against it:	
Ecclesiastes 9:15	Now there was found in it a poor wise man, and he by his wisdom delivered the city; yet no man remembered that same poor man.	
Ecclesiastes 9:4	For to him that is joined to all the living there is hope: for a living dog is better than a dead lion.	
Ecclesiastes 9:5	For the living know that they shall die: but the dead know not any thing, neither have they any more a reward; for the memory of them is forgotten.	
Ephesians 1:11	In whom also we have obtained an inheritance, being predestinated according to the purpose of him who worketh all things after the counsel of his own will:	
Ephesians 1:16	Cease not to give thanks for you, making mention of you in my prayers;	
Ephesians 1:19	And what is the exceeding greatness of his power to us-ward who believe, according to the working of his mighty power,	
Ephesians 1:21	Far above all principality, and power, and might, and dominion, and every name that is named, not only in this world, but also in that which is to come:	
Ephesians 1:22	And hath put all things under his feet, and gave him to be the head over all things to the church,	
Ephesians 1:3	Blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, who hath blessed us with all spiritual blessings in heavenly places in Christ:	
Ephesians 1:5	Having predestinated us unto the adoption of children by Jesus Christ to himself, according to the good pleasure of his will,	
Ephesians 1:7	In whom we have redemption through his blood, the forgiveness of sins, according to the riches of his grace;	
Ephesians 2:1	And you hath he quickened, who were dead in trespasses and sins;	
Ephesians 2:15	Having abolished in his flesh the enmity, even the law of commandments contained in ordinances; for to make in himself of twain one new man, so making peace;	
Ephesians 2:19	Now therefore ye are no more strangers and foreigners, but fellowcitizens with the saints, and of the household of God;	
Ephesians 3:12	In whom we have boldness and access with confidence by the faith of him.	
Ephesians 3:20	Now unto him that is able to do exceeding abundantly above all that we ask or think, according to the power that worketh in us,	
Ephesians 3:4	Whereby, when ye read, ye may understand my knowledge in the mystery of Christ)	
Ephesians 4:13	Till we all come in the unity of the faith, and of the knowledge of the Son of God, unto a perfect man, unto the measure of the stature of the fulness of Christ:	
Ephesians 4:16	From whom the whole body fitly joined together and compacted by that which every joint supplieth, according to the effectual working in the measure of every part, maketh increase of the body unto the edifying of itself in love.	
Ephesians 4:19	Who being past feeling have given themselves over unto lasciviousness, to work all uncleanness with greediness.	
Ephesians 4:27	Neither give place to the devil.	
Ephesians 4:31	Let all bitterness, and wrath, and anger, and clamour, and evil speaking, be put away from you, with all malice:	
Ephesians 4:32	And be ye kind one to another, tenderhearted, forgiving one another, even as God for Christ's sake hath forgiven you.	
Ephesians 4:5	One Lord, one faith, one baptism,	
Ephesians 4:6	One God and Father of all, who is above all, and through all, and in you all.	
Ephesians 5:12	For it is a shame even to speak of those things which are done of them in secret.	
Ephesians 5:17	Wherefore be ye not unwise, but understanding what the will of the Lord is.	
Ephesians 5:23	For the husband is the head of the wife, even as Christ is the head of the church: and he is the saviour of the body.	
Ephesians 5:25	Husbands, love your wives, even as Christ also loved the church, and gave himself for it;	
Ephesians 5:28	So ought men to love their wives as their own bodies. He that loveth his wife loveth himself.	
Ephesians 5:29	For no man ever yet hated his own flesh; but nourisheth and cherisheth it, even as the Lord the church:	
Ephesians 6:13	Wherefore take unto you the whole armour of God, that ye may be able to withstand in the evil day, and having done all, to stand.	
Ephesians 6:14	Stand therefore, having your loins girt about with truth, and having on the breastplate of righteousness;	
Ephesians 6:15	And your feet shod with the preparation of the gospel of peace;	
Ephesians 6:18	Praying always with all prayer and supplication in the Spirit, and watching thereunto with all perseverance and supplication for all saints;	
Ephesians 6:2	Honour thy father and mother; which is the first commandment with promise;	
Ephesians 6:22	Whom I have sent unto you for the same purpose, that ye might know our affairs, and that he might comfort your hearts.	
Ephesians 6:8	Knowing that whatsoever good thing any man doeth, the same shall he receive of the Lord, whether he be bond or free.	
Esther 1:1	Now it came to pass in the days of Ahasuerus, (this is Ahasuerus which reigned, from India even unto Ethiopia, over an hundred and seven and twenty provinces:)	
Esther 1:14	And the next unto him was Carshena, Shethar, Admatha, Tarshish, Meres, Marsena, and Memucan, the seven princes of Persia and Media, which saw the king's face, and which sat the first in the kingdom;)	
Esther 1:20	And when the king's decree which he shall make shall be published throughout all his empire, (for it is great,) all the wives shall give to their husbands honour, both to great and small.	
Esther 1:21	And the saying pleased the king and the princes; and the king did according to the word of Memucan:	
Esther 1:3	In the third year of his reign, he made a feast unto all his princes and his servants; the power of Persia and Media, the nobles and princes of the provinces, being before him:	
Esther 2:1	After these things, when the wrath of king Ahasuerus was appeased, he remembered Vashti, and what she had done, and what was decreed against her.	
Esther 2:14	In the evening she went, and on the morrow she returned into the second house of the women, to the custody of Shaashgaz, the king's chamberlain, which kept the concubines: she came in unto the king no more, except the king delighted in her, and that she were called by name.	
Esther 2:20	Esther had not yet shewed her kindred nor her people; as Mordecai had charged her: for Esther did the commandment of Mordecai, like as when she was brought up with him.	
Esther 2:23	And when inquisition was made of the matter, it was found out; therefore they were both hanged on a tree: and it was written in the book of the chronicles before the king.	
Esther 2:9	And the maiden pleased him, and she obtained kindness of him; and he speedily gave her her things for purification, with such things as belonged to her, and seven maidens, which were meet to be given her, out of the king's house: and he preferred her and her maids unto the best place of the house of the women.	
Esther 3:10	And the king took his ring from his hand, and gave it unto Haman the son of Hammedatha the Agagite, the Jews' enemy.	
Esther 3:11	And the king said unto Haman, The silver is given to thee, the people also, to do with them as it seemeth good to thee.	
Esther 3:7	In the first month, that is, the month Nisan, in the twelfth year of king Ahasuerus, they cast Pur, that is, the lot, before Haman from day to day, and from month to month, to the twelfth month, that is, the month Adar.	
Esther 4:11	All the king's servants, and the people of the king's provinces, do know, that whosoever, whether man or women, shall come unto the king into the inner court, who is not called, there is one law of his to put him to death, except such to whom the king shall hold out the golden sceptre, that he may live: but I have not been called to come in unto the king these thirty days.	
Esther 4:2	And came even before the king's gate: for none might enter into the king's gate clothed with sackcloth.	
Esther 4:7	And Mordecai told him of all that had happened unto him, and of the sum of the money that Haman had promised to pay to the king's treasuries for the Jews, to destroy them.	
Esther 4:8	Also he gave him the copy of the writing of the decree that was given at Shushan to destroy them, to shew it unto Esther, and to declare it unto her, and to charge her that she should go in unto the king, to make supplication unto him, and to make request before him for her people.	
Esther 5:5	Then the king said, Cause Haman to make haste, that he may do as Esther hath said. So the king and Haman came to the banquet that Esther had prepared.	
Esther 5:9	Then went Haman forth that day joyful and with a glad heart: but when Haman saw Mordecai in the king's gate, that he stood not up, nor moved for him, he was full of indignation against Mordecai.	
Esther 6:12	And Mordecai came again to the king's gate. But Haman hasted to his house mourning, and having his head covered.	
Esther 7:1	So the king and Haman came to banquet with Esther the queen.	
Esther 7:10	So they hanged Haman on the gallows that he had prepared for Mordecai. Then was the king's wrath pacified.	
Esther 7:7	And the king arising from the banquet of wine in his wrath went into the palace garden: and Haman stood up to make request for his life to Esther the queen; for he saw that there was evil determined against him by the king.	
Esther 8:10	And he wrote in the king Ahasuerus' name, and sealed it with the king's ring, and sent letters by posts on horseback, and riders on mules, camels, and young dromedaries:	
Esther 8:7	Then the king Ahasuerus said unto Esther the queen and to Mordecai the Jew, Behold, I have given Esther the house of Haman, and him they have hanged upon the gallows, because he laid his hand upon the Jews.	
Esther 9:14	And the king commanded it so to be done: and the decree was given at Shushan; and they hanged Haman's ten sons.	
Esther 9:15	For the Jews that were in Shushan gathered themselves together on the fourteenth day also of the month Adar, and slew three hundred men at Shushan; but on the prey they laid not their hand.	
Esther 9:17	On the thirteenth day of the month Adar; and on the fourteenth day of the same rested they, and made it a day of feasting and gladness.	
Esther 9:27	The Jews ordained, and took upon them, and upon their seed, and upon all such as joined themselves unto them, so as it should not fail, that they would keep these two days according to their writing, and according to their appointed time every year;	
Esther 9:28	And that these days should be remembered and kept throughout every generation, every family, every province, and every city; and that these days of Purim should not fail from among the Jews, nor the memorial of them perish from their seed.	
Esther 9:31	To confirm these days of Purim in their times appointed, according as Mordecai the Jew and Esther the queen had enjoined them, and as they had decreed for themselves and for their seed, the matters of the fastings and their cry.	
Esther 9:5	Thus the Jews smote all their enemies with the stroke of the sword, and slaughter, and destruction, and did what they would unto those that hated them.	
Esther 9:6	And in Shushan the palace the Jews slew and destroyed five hundred men.	
Esther 9:8	And Poratha, and Adalia, and Aridatha,	
Exodus 10:12	And the LORD said unto Moses, Stretch out thine hand over the land of Egypt for the locusts, that they may come up upon the land of Egypt, and eat every herb of the land, even all that the hail hath left.	
Exodus 10:17	Now therefore forgive, I pray thee, my sin only this once, and entreat the LORD your God, that he may take away from me this death only.	
Exodus 10:2	And that thou mayest tell in the ears of thy son, and of thy son's son, what things I have wrought in Egypt, and my signs which I have done among them; that ye may know how that I am the LORD.	
Exodus 10:21	And the LORD said unto Moses, Stretch out thine hand toward heaven, that there may be darkness over the land of Egypt, even darkness which may be felt.	
Exodus 10:23	They saw not one another, neither rose any from his place for three days: but all the children of Israel had light in their dwellings.	
Exodus 10:27	But the LORD hardened Pharaoh's heart, and he would not let them go.	
Exodus 10:28	And Pharaoh said unto him, Get thee from me, take heed to thyself, see my face no more; for in that day thou seest my face thou shalt die.	
Exodus 10:5	And they shall cover the face of the earth, that one cannot be able to see the earth: and they shall eat the residue of that which is escaped, which remaineth unto you from the hail, and shall eat every tree which groweth for you out of the field:	
Exodus 10:8	And Moses and Aaron were brought again unto Pharaoh: and he said unto them, Go, serve the LORD your God: but who are they that shall go?	
Exodus 12:11	And thus shall ye eat it; with your loins girded, your shoes on your feet, and your staff in your hand; and ye shall eat it in haste: it is the LORD's passover.	
Exodus 12:16	And in the first day there shall be an holy convocation, and in the seventh day there shall be an holy convocation to you; no manner of work shall be done in them, save that which every man must eat, that only may be done of you.	
Exodus 12:27	That ye shall say, It is the sacrifice of the LORD's passover, who passed over the houses of the children of Israel in Egypt, when he smote the Egyptians, and delivered our houses. And the people bowed the head and worshipped.	
Exodus 12:28	And the children of Israel went away, and did as the LORD had commanded Moses and Aaron, so did they.	
Exodus 12:31	And he called for Moses and Aaron by night, and said, Rise up, and get you forth from among my people, both ye and the children of Israel; and go, serve the LORD, as ye have said.	
Exodus 12:40	Now the sojourning of the children of Israel, who dwelt in Egypt, was four hundred and thirty years.	
Exodus 12:46	In one house shall it be eaten; thou shalt not carry forth ought of the flesh abroad out of the house; neither shall ye break a bone thereof.	
Exodus 12:50	Thus did all the children of Israel; as the LORD commanded Moses and Aaron, so did they.	
Exodus 13:1	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,	
Exodus 13:11	And it shall be when the LORD shall bring thee into the land of the Canaanites, as he sware unto thee and to thy fathers, and shall give it thee,	
Exodus 13:17	And it came to pass, when Pharaoh had let the people go, that God led them not through the way of the land of the Philistines, although that was near; for God said, Lest peradventure the people repent when they see war, and they return to Egypt:	
Exodus 13:18	But God led the people about, through the way of the wilderness of the Red sea: and the children of Israel went up harnessed out of the land of Egypt.	
Exodus 13:4	This day came ye out in the month Abib.	
Exodus 14:10	And when Pharaoh drew nigh, the children of Israel lifted up their eyes, and, behold, the Egyptians marched after them; and they were sore afraid: and the children of Israel cried out unto the LORD.	
Exodus 14:17	And I, behold, I will harden the hearts of the Egyptians, and they shall follow them: and I will get me honor upon Pharaoh, and upon all his host, upon his chariots, and upon his horsemen.	
Exodus 14:21	And Moses stretched out his hand over the sea; and the LORD caused the sea to go back by a strong east wind all that night, and made the sea dry land, and the waters were divided.	
Exodus 14:22	And the children of Israel went into the midst of the sea upon the dry ground: and the waters were a wall unto them on their right hand, and on their left.	
Exodus 14:27	And Moses stretched forth his hand over the sea, and the sea returned to his strength when the morning appeared; and the Egyptians fled against it; and the LORD overthrew the Egyptians in the midst of the sea.	
Exodus 14:29	But the children of Israel walked upon dry land in the midst of the sea; and the waters were a wall unto them on their right hand, and on their left.	
Exodus 14:4	And I will harden Pharaoh's heart, that he shall follow after them; and I will be honored upon Pharaoh, and upon all his host; that the Egyptians may know that I am the LORD. And they did so.	
Exodus 14:8	And the LORD hardened the heart of Pharaoh king of Egypt, and he pursued after the children of Israel: and the children of Israel went out with an high hand.	
Exodus 15:15	Then the dukes of Edom shall be amazed; the mighty men of Moab, trembling shall take hold upon them; all the inhabitants of Canaan shall melt away.	
Exodus 15:2	The LORD is my strength and song, and he is become my salvation: he is my God, and I will prepare him an habitation; my father's God, and I will exalt him.	
Exodus 15:25	And he cried unto the LORD; and the LORD showed him a tree, which when he had cast into the waters, the waters were made sweet: there he made for them a statute and an ordinance, and there he proved them,	
Exodus 15:3	The LORD is a man of war: the LORD is his name.	
Exodus 16:20	Notwithstanding they hearkened not unto Moses; but some of them left of it until the morning, and it bred worms, and stank: and Moses was wroth with them.	
Exodus 16:24	And they laid it up till the morning, as Moses bade: and it did not stink, neither was there any worm therein.	
Exodus 16:29	See, for that the LORD hath given you the sabbath, therefore he giveth you on the sixth day the bread of two days; abide ye every man in his place, let no man go out of his place on the seventh day.	
Exodus 16:34	As the LORD commanded Moses, so Aaron laid it up before the Testimony, to be kept.	
Exodus 16:4	Then said the LORD unto Moses, Behold, I will rain bread from heaven for you; and the people shall go out and gather a certain rate every day, that I may prove them, whether they will walk in my law, or no.	
Exodus 16:5	And it shall come to pass, that on the sixth day they shall prepare that which they bring in; and it shall be twice as much as they gather daily.	
Exodus 16:7	And in the morning, then ye shall see the glory of the LORD; for that he heareth your murmurings against the LORD: and what are we, that ye murmur against us?	
Exodus 17:11	And it came to pass, when Moses held up his hand, that Israel prevailed: and when he let down his hand, Amalek prevailed.	
Exodus 17:13	And Joshua discomfited Amalek and his people with the edge of the sword.	
Exodus 18:14	And when Moses' father in law saw all that he did to the people, he said, What is this thing that thou doest to the people? why sittest thou thyself alone, and all the people stand by thee from morning unto even?	
Exodus 18:15	And Moses said unto his father in law, Because the people come unto me to inquire of God:	
Exodus 18:25	And Moses chose able men out of all Israel, and made them heads over the people, rulers of thousands, rulers of hundreds, rulers of fifties, and rulers of tens.	
Exodus 18:26	And they judged the people at all seasons: the hard causes they brought unto Moses, but every small matter they judged themselves.	
Exodus 18:3	And her two sons; of which the name of the one was Gershom; for he said, I have been an alien in a strange land:	
Exodus 18:7	And Moses went out to meet his father in law, and did obeisance, and kissed him; and they asked each other of their welfare; and they came into the tent.	
Exodus 18:9	And Jethro rejoiced for all the goodness which the LORD had done to Israel, whom he had delivered out of the hand of the Egyptians.	
Exodus 19:10	And the LORD said unto Moses, Go unto the people, and sanctify them to day and to morrow, and let them wash their clothes,	
Exodus 19:14	And Moses went down from the mount unto the people, and sanctified the people; and they washed their clothes.	
Exodus 19:17	And Moses brought forth the people out of the camp to meet with God; and they stood at the nether part of the mount.	
Exodus 19:20	And the LORD came down upon mount Sinai, on the top of the mount: and the LORD called Moses up to the top of the mount; and Moses went up.	
Exodus 19:23	And Moses said unto the LORD, The people cannot come up to mount Sinai: for thou chargedst us, saying, Set bounds about the mount, and sanctify it.	
Exodus 19:24	And the LORD said unto him, Away, get thee down, and thou shalt come up, thou, and Aaron with thee: but let not the priests and the people break through to come up unto the LORD, lest he break forth upon them.	
Exodus 19:5	Now therefore, if ye will obey my voice indeed, and keep my covenant, then ye shall be a peculiar treasure unto me above all people: for all the earth is mine:	
Exodus 1:12	But the more they afflicted them, the more they multiplied and grew. And they were grieved because of the children of Israel.	
Exodus 1:15	And the king of Egypt spake to the Hebrew midwives, of which the name of the one was Shiphrah, and the name of the other Puah:	
Exodus 1:16	And he said, When ye do the office of a midwife to the Hebrew women, and see them upon the stools; if it be a son, then ye shall kill him: but if it be a daughter, then she shall live.	
Exodus 1:18	And the king of Egypt called for the midwives, and said unto them, Why have ye done this thing, and have saved the men children alive?	
Exodus 1:2	Reuben, Simeon, Levi, and Judah,	
Exodus 1:21	And it came to pass, because the midwives feared God, that he made them houses.	
Exodus 1:6	And Joseph died, and all his brethren, and all that generation.	
Exodus 1:7	And the children of Israel were fruitful, and increased abundantly, and multiplied, and waxed exceeding mighty; and the land was filled with them.	
Exodus 1:9	And he said unto his people, Behold, the people of the children of Israel are more and mightier than we:	
Exodus 20:15	Thou shalt not steal.	
Exodus 20:16	Thou shalt not bear false witness against thy neighbor.	
Exodus 20:26	Neither shalt thou go up by steps unto mine altar, that thy nakedness be not discovered thereon.	
Exodus 20:8	Remember the sabbath day, to keep it holy.	
Exodus 21:12	He that smiteth a man, so that he die, shall be surely put to death.	
Exodus 21:14	But if a man come presumptuously upon his neighbor, to slay him with guile; thou shalt take him from mine altar, that he may die.	
Exodus 21:2	If thou buy an Hebrew servant, six years he shall serve: and in the seventh he shall go out free for nothing.	
Exodus 21:32	If the ox shall push a manservant or a maidservant; he shall give unto their master thirty shekels of silver, and the ox shall be stoned.	
Exodus 22:10	If a man deliver unto his neighbor an ass, or an ox, or a sheep, or any beast, to keep; and it die, or be hurt, or driven away, no man seeing it:	
Exodus 22:18	Thou shalt not suffer a witch to live.	
Exodus 22:20	He that sacrificeth unto any god, save unto the LORD only, he shall be utterly destroyed.	
Exodus 22:22	Ye shall not afflict any widow, or fatherless child.	
Exodus 22:30	Likewise shalt thou do with thine oxen, and with thy sheep: seven days it shall be with his dam; on the eighth day thou shalt give it me.	
Exodus 23:10	And six years thou shalt sow thy land, and shalt gather in the fruits thereof:	
Exodus 23:13	And in all things that I have said unto you be circumspect: and make no mention of the name of other gods, neither let it be heard out of thy mouth.	
Exodus 23:15	Thou shalt keep the feast of unleavened bread: (thou shalt eat unleavened bread seven days, as I commanded thee, in the time appointed of the month Abib; for in it thou camest out from Egypt: and none shall appear before me empty:)	
Exodus 23:19	The first of the firstfruits of thy land thou shalt bring into the house of the LORD thy God. Thou shalt not seethe a kid in his mother's milk.	
Exodus 23:2	Thou shalt not follow a multitude to do evil; neither shalt thou speak in a cause to decline after many to wrest judgment:	
Exodus 23:27	I will send my fear before thee, and will destroy all the people to whom thou shalt come, and I will make all thine enemies turn their backs unto thee.	
Exodus 23:29	I will not drive them out from before thee in one year; lest the land become desolate, and the beast of the field multiply against thee.	
Exodus 23:33	They shall not dwell in thy land, lest they make thee sin against me: for if thou serve their gods, it will surely be a snare unto thee.	
Exodus 23:6	Thou shalt not wrest the judgment of thy poor in his cause.	
Exodus 23:7	Keep thee far from a false matter; and the innocent and righteous slay thou not: for I will not justify the wicked.	
Exodus 23:9	Also thou shalt not oppress a stranger: for ye know the heart of a stranger, seeing ye were strangers in the land of Egypt.	
Exodus 24:1	And he said unto Moses, Come up unto the LORD, thou, and Aaron, Nadab, and Abihu, and seventy of the elders of Israel; and worship ye afar off.	
Exodus 24:15	And Moses went up into the mount, and a cloud covered the mount.	
Exodus 24:17	And the sight of the glory of the LORD was like devouring fire on the top of the mount in the eyes of the children of Israel.	
Exodus 24:2	And Moses alone shall come near the LORD: but they shall not come nigh; neither shall the people go up with him.	
Exodus 25:29	And thou shalt make the dishes thereof, and spoons thereof, and covers thereof, and bowls thereof, to cover withal: of pure gold shalt thou make them.	
Exodus 25:5	And rams' skins dyed red, and badgers' skins, and shittim wood,	
Exodus 26:10	And thou shalt make fifty loops on the edge of the one curtain that is outmost in the coupling, and fifty loops in the edge of the curtain which coupleth the second.	
Exodus 26:12	And the remnant that remaineth of the curtains of the tent, the half curtain that remaineth, shall hang over the backside of the tabernacle.	
Exodus 26:13	And a cubit on the one side, and a cubit on the other side of that which remaineth in the length of the curtains of the tent, it shall hang over the sides of the tabernacle on this side and on that side, to cover it.	
Exodus 26:23	And two boards shalt thou make for the corners of the tabernacle in the two sides.	
Exodus 26:28	And the middle bar in the midst of the boards shall reach from end to end.	
Exodus 26:29	And thou shalt overlay the boards with gold, and make their rings of gold for places for the bars: and thou shalt overlay the bars with gold.	
Exodus 26:3	The five curtains shall be coupled together one to another; and other five curtains shall be coupled one to another.	
Exodus 26:4	And thou shalt make loops of blue upon the edge of the one curtain from the selvedge in the coupling; and likewise shalt thou make in the uttermost edge of another curtain, in the coupling of the second.	
Exodus 26:6	And thou shalt make fifty taches of gold, and couple the curtains together with the taches: and it shall be one tabernacle.	
Exodus 26:9	And thou shalt couple five curtains by themselves, and six curtains by themselves, and shalt double the sixth curtain in the forefront of the tabernacle.	
Exodus 27:1	And thou shalt make an altar of shittim wood, five cubits long, and five cubits broad; the altar shall be foursquare: and the height thereof shall be three cubits.	
Exodus 27:11	And likewise for the north side in length there shall be hangings of an hundred cubits long, and his twenty pillars and their twenty sockets of brass; the hooks of the pillars and their fillets of silver.	
Exodus 27:13	And the breadth of the court on the east side eastward shall be fifty cubits.	
Exodus 27:15	And on the other side shall be hangings fifteen cubits: their pillars three, and their sockets three.	
Exodus 27:16	And for the gate of the court shall be an hanging of twenty cubits, of blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen, wrought with needlework: and their pillars shall be four, and their sockets four.	
Exodus 27:18	The length of the court shall be an hundred cubits, and the breadth fifty every where, and the height five cubits of fine twined linen, and their sockets of brass.	
Exodus 27:21	In the tabernacle of the congregation without the vail, which is before the testimony, Aaron and his sons shall order it from evening to morning before the LORD: it shall be a statute for ever unto their generations on the behalf of the children of Israel.	
Exodus 27:8	Hollow with boards shalt thou make it: as it was showed thee in the mount, so shall they make it.	
Exodus 28:13	And thou shalt make ouches of gold;	
Exodus 28:29	And Aaron shall bear the names of the children of Israel in the breastplate of judgment upon his heart, when he goeth in unto the holy place, for a memorial before the LORD continually.	
Exodus 28:30	And thou shalt put in the breastplate of judgment the Urim and the Thummim; and they shall be upon Aaron's heart, when he goeth in before the LORD: and Aaron shall bear the judgment of the children of Israel upon his heart before the LORD continually.	
Exodus 28:31	And thou shalt make the robe of the ephod all of blue.	
Exodus 28:32	And there shall be an hole in the top of it, in the midst thereof: it shall have a binding of woven work round about the hole of it, as it were the hole of an habergeon, that it be not rent.	
Exodus 28:35	And it shall be upon Aaron to minister: and his sound shall be heard when he goeth in unto the holy place before the LORD, and when he cometh out, that he die not.	
Exodus 28:4	And these are the garments which they shall make; a breastplate, and an ephod, and a robe, and a broidered coat, a mitre, and a girdle: and they shall make holy garments for Aaron thy brother, and his sons, that he may minister unto me in the priest's office.	
Exodus 28:41	And thou shalt put them upon Aaron thy brother, and his sons with him; and shalt anoint them, and consecrate them, and sanctify them, that they may minister unto me in the priest's office.	
Exodus 28:42	And thou shalt make them linen breeches to cover their nakedness; from the loins even unto the thighs they shall reach:	
Exodus 28:43	And they shall be upon Aaron, and upon his sons, when they come in unto the tabernacle of the congregation, or when they come near unto the altar to minister in the holy place; that they bear not iniquity, and die: it shall be a statute for ever unto him and his seed after him.	
Exodus 28:6	And they shall make the ephod of gold, of blue, and of purple, of scarlet, and fine twined linen, with cunning work.	
Exodus 28:7	It shall have the two shoulderpieces thereof joined at the two edges thereof; and so it shall be joined together.	
Exodus 29:1	And this is the thing that thou shalt do unto them to hallow them, to minister unto me in the priest's office: Take one young bullock, and two rams without blemish,	
Exodus 29:14	But the flesh of the bullock, and his skin, and his dung, shalt thou burn with fire without the camp: it is a sin offering.	
Exodus 29:15	Thou shalt also take one ram; and Aaron and his sons shall put their hands upon the head of the ram.	
Exodus 29:18	And thou shalt burn the whole ram upon the altar: it is a burnt offering unto the LORD: it is a sweet savor, an offering made by fire unto the LORD.	
Exodus 29:23	And one loaf of bread, and one cake of oiled bread, and one wafer out of the basket of the unleavened bread that is before the LORD:	
Exodus 29:28	And it shall be Aaron's and his sons' by a statute for ever from the children of Israel: for it is an heave offering: and it shall be an heave offering from the children of Israel of the sacrifice of their peace offerings, even their heave offering unto the LORD.	
Exodus 29:29	And the holy garments of Aaron shall be his sons' after him, to be anointed therein, and to be consecrated in them.	
Exodus 29:30	And that son that is priest in his stead shall put them on seven days, when he cometh into the tabernacle of the congregation to minister in the holy place.	
Exodus 29:31	And thou shalt take the ram of the consecration, and seethe his flesh in the holy place.	
Exodus 29:37	Seven days thou shalt make an atonement for the altar, and sanctify it; and it shall be an altar most holy: whatsoever toucheth the altar shall be holy.	
Exodus 29:39	The one lamb thou shalt offer in the morning; and the other lamb thou shalt offer at even:	
Exodus 29:40	And with the one lamb a tenth deal of flour mingled with the fourth part of an hin of beaten oil; and the fourth part of an hin of wine for a drink offering.	
Exodus 29:43	And there I will meet with the children of Israel, and the tabernacle shall be sanctified by my glory.	
Exodus 29:7	Then shalt thou take the anointing oil, and pour it upon his head, and anoint him.	
Exodus 2:1	And there went a man of the house of Levi, and took to wife a daughter of Levi.	
Exodus 2:11	And it came to pass in those days, when Moses was grown, that he went out unto his brethren, and looked on their burdens: and he spied an Egyptian smiting an Hebrew, one of his brethren.	
Exodus 2:17	And the shepherds came and drove them away: but Moses stood up and helped them, and watered their flock.	
Exodus 2:19	And they said, An Egyptian delivered us out of the hand of the shepherds, and also drew water enough for us, and watered the flock.	
Exodus 2:2	And the woman conceived, and bare a son: and when she saw him that he was a goodly child, she hid him three months.	
Exodus 2:20	And he said unto his daughters, And where is he? why is it that ye have left the man? call him, that he may eat bread.	
Exodus 2:21	And Moses was content to dwell with the man: and he gave Moses Zipporah his daughter.	
Exodus 2:23	And it came to pass in process of time, that the king of Egypt died: and the children of Israel sighed by reason of the bondage, and they cried, and their cry came up unto God by reason of the bondage.	
Exodus 2:24	And God heard their groaning, and God remembered his covenant with Abraham, with Isaac, and with Jacob.	
Exodus 2:3	And when she could not longer hide him, she took for him an ark of bulrushes, and daubed it with slime and with pitch, and put the child therein; and she laid it in the flags by the river's brink.	
Exodus 2:5	And the daughter of Pharaoh came down to wash herself at the river; and her maidens walked along by the river's side; and when she saw the ark among the flags, she sent her maid to fetch it.	
Exodus 2:8	And Pharaoh's daughter said to her, Go. And the maid went and called the child's mother.	
Exodus 2:9	And Pharaoh's daughter said unto her, Take this child away, and nurse it for me, and I will give thee thy wages. And the women took the child, and nursed it.	
Exodus 30:13	This they shall give, every one that passeth among them that are numbered, half a shekel after the shekel of the sanctuary: (a shekel is twenty gerahs:) an half shekel shall be the offering of the LORD.	
Exodus 30:17	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,	
Exodus 30:18	Thou shalt also make a laver of brass, and his foot also of brass, to wash withal: and thou shalt put it between the tabernacle of the congregation and the altar, and thou shalt put water therein.	
Exodus 30:19	For Aaron and his sons shall wash their hands and their feet thereat:	
Exodus 30:21	So they shall wash their hands and their feet, that they die not: and it shall be a statute for ever to them, even to him and to his seed throughout their generations.	
Exodus 30:23	Take thou also unto thee principal spices, of pure myrrh five hundred shekels, and of sweet cinnamon half so much, even two hundred and fifty shekels, and of sweet calamus two hundred and fifty shekels,	
Exodus 30:31	And thou shalt speak unto the children of Israel, saying, This shall be an holy anointing oil unto me throughout your generations.	
Exodus 30:33	Whosoever compoundeth any like it, or whosoever putteth any of it upon a stranger, shall even be cut off from his people.	
Exodus 30:35	And thou shalt make it a perfume, a confection after the art of the apothecary, tempered together, pure and holy:	
Exodus 30:36	And thou shalt beat some of it very small, and put of it before the testimony in the tabernacle of the congregation, where I will meet with thee: it shall be unto you most holy.	
Exodus 30:4	And two golden rings shalt thou make to it under the crown of it, by the two corners thereof, upon the two sides of it shalt thou make it; and they shall be for places for the staves to bear it withal.	
Exodus 31:1	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,	
Exodus 31:17	It is a sign between me and the children of Israel for ever: for in six days the LORD made heaven and earth, and on the seventh day he rested, and was refreshed.	
Exodus 31:18	And he gave unto Moses, when he had made an end of communing with him upon mount Sinai, two tables of testimony, tables of stone, written with the finger of God.	
Exodus 31:3	And I have filled him with the spirit of God, in wisdom, and in understanding, and in knowledge, and in all manner of workmanship,	
Exodus 31:6	And I, behold, I have given with him Aholiab, the son of Ahisamach, of the tribe of Dan: and in the hearts of all that are wise hearted I have put wisdom, that they may make all that I have commanded thee;	
Exodus 32:10	Now therefore let me alone, that my wrath may wax hot against them, and that I may consume them: and I will make of thee a great nation.	
Exodus 32:14	And the LORD repented of the evil which he thought to do unto his people.	
Exodus 32:17	And when Joshua heard the noise of the people as they shouted, he said unto Moses, There is a noise of war in the camp.	
Exodus 32:23	For they said unto me, Make us gods, which shall go before us: for as for this Moses, the man that brought us up out of the land of Egypt, we wot not what is become of him.	
Exodus 32:27	And he said unto them, Thus saith the LORD God of Israel, Put every man his sword by his side, and go in and out from gate to gate throughout the camp, and slay every man his brother, and every man his companion, and every man his neighbor.	
Exodus 32:7	And the LORD said unto Moses, Go, get thee down; for thy people, which thou broughtest out of the land of Egypt, have corrupted themselves:	
Exodus 32:9	And the LORD said unto Moses, I have seen this people, and, behold, it is a stiffnecked people:	
Exodus 33:11	And the LORD spake unto Moses face to face, as a man speaketh unto his friend. And he turned again into the camp: but his servant Joshua, the son of Nun, a young man, departed not out of the tabernacle.	
Exodus 33:12	And Moses said unto the LORD, See, thou sayest unto me, Bring up this people: and thou hast not let me know whom thou wilt send with me. Yet thou hast said, I know thee by name, and thou hast also found grace in my sight.	
Exodus 33:14	And he said, My presence shall go with thee, and I will give thee rest.	
Exodus 33:23	And I will take away mine hand, and thou shalt see my back parts: but my face shall not be seen.	
Exodus 33:7	And Moses took the tabernacle, and pitched it without the camp, afar off from the camp, and called it the Tabernacle of the congregation. And it came to pass, that every one which sought the LORD went out unto the tabernacle of the congregation, which was without the camp.	
Exodus 34:17	Thou shalt make thee no molten gods.	
Exodus 34:19	All that openeth the matrix is mine; and every firstling among thy cattle, whether ox or sheep, that is male.	
Exodus 34:26	The first of the firstfruits of thy land thou shalt bring unto the house of the LORD thy God. Thou shalt not seethe a kid in his mother's milk.	
Exodus 34:35	And the children of Israel saw the face of Moses, that the skin of Moses' face shone: and Moses put the vail upon his face again, until he went in to speak with him.	
Exodus 34:9	And he said, If now I have found grace in thy sight, O LORD, let my LORD, I pray thee, go among us; for it is a stiffnecked people; and pardon our iniquity and our sin, and take us for thine inheritance.	
Exodus 35:10	And every wise hearted among you shall come, and make all that the LORD hath commanded;	
Exodus 35:14	The candlestick also for the light, and his furniture, and his lamps, with the oil for the light,	
Exodus 35:15	And the incense altar, and his staves, and the anointing oil, and the sweet incense, and the hanging for the door at the entering in of the tabernacle,	
Exodus 35:17	The hangings of the court, his pillars, and their sockets, and the hanging for the door of the court,	
Exodus 35:18	The pins of the tabernacle, and the pins of the court, and their cords,	
Exodus 35:2	Six days shall work be done, but on the seventh day there shall be to you an holy day, a sabbath of rest to the LORD: whosoever doeth work therein shall be put to death.	
Exodus 35:28	And spice, and oil for the light, and for the anointing oil, and for the sweet incense.	
Exodus 35:4	And Moses spake unto all the congregation of the children of Israel, saying, This is the thing which the LORD commanded, saying,	
Exodus 36:10	And he coupled the five curtains one unto another: and the other five curtains he coupled one unto another.	
Exodus 36:18	And he made fifty taches of brass to couple the tent together, that it might be one.	
Exodus 36:27	And for the sides of the tabernacle westward he made six boards.	
Exodus 36:31	And he made bars of shittim wood; five for the boards of the one side of the tabernacle,	
Exodus 36:35	And he made a vail of blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen: with cherubim made he it of cunning work.	
Exodus 36:38	And the five pillars of it with their hooks: and he overlaid their chapiters and their fillets with gold: but their five sockets were of brass.	
Exodus 37:26	And he overlaid it with pure gold, both the top of it, and the sides thereof round about, and the horns of it: also he made unto it a crown of gold round about.	
Exodus 37:29	And he made the holy anointing oil, and the pure incense of sweet spices, according to the work of the apothecary.	
Exodus 37:3	And he cast for it four rings of gold, to be set by the four corners of it; even two rings upon the one side of it, and two rings upon the other side of it.	
Exodus 37:7	And he made two cherubim of gold, beaten out of one piece made he them, on the two ends of the mercy seat;	
Exodus 37:9	And the cherubim spread out their wings on high, and covered with their wings over the mercy seat, with their faces one to another; even to the mercy seatward were the faces of the cherubim.	
Exodus 38:11	And for the north side the hangings were an hundred cubits, their pillars were twenty, and their sockets of brass twenty; the hooks of the pillars and their fillets of silver.	
Exodus 38:16	All the hangings of the court round about were of fine twined linen.	
Exodus 38:23	And with him was Aholiab, son of Ahisamach, of the tribe of Dan, an engraver, and a cunning workman, and an embroiderer in blue, and in purple, and in scarlet, and fine linen.	
Exodus 38:26	A bekah for every man, that is, half a shekel, after the shekel of the sanctuary, for every one that went to be numbered, from twenty years old and upward, for six hundred thousand and three thousand and five hundred and fifty men.	
Exodus 38:27	And of the hundred talents of silver were cast the sockets of the sanctuary, and the sockets of the vail; an hundred sockets of the hundred talents, a talent for a socket.	
Exodus 38:30	And therewith he made the sockets to the door of the tabernacle of the congregation, and the brazen altar, and the brazen grate for it, and all the vessels of the altar,	
Exodus 38:31	And the sockets of the court round about, and the sockets of the court gate, and all the pins of the tabernacle, and all the pins of the court round about.	
Exodus 38:4	And he made for the altar a brazen grate of network under the compass thereof beneath unto the midst of it.	
Exodus 39:10	And they set in it four rows of stones: the first row was a sardius, a topaz, and a carbuncle: this was the first row.	
Exodus 39:11	And the second row, an emerald, a sapphire, and a diamond.	
Exodus 39:13	And the fourth row, a beryl, an onyx, and a jasper: they were inclosed in ouches of gold in their inclosings.	
Exodus 39:14	And the stones were according to the names of the children of Israel, twelve, according to their names, like the engravings of a signet, every one with his name, according to the twelve tribes.	
Exodus 39:17	And they put the two wreathed chains of gold in the two rings on the ends of the breastplate.	
Exodus 39:20	And they made two other golden rings, and put them on the two sides of the ephod underneath, toward the forepart of it, over against the other coupling thereof, above the curious girdle of the ephod.	
Exodus 39:27	And they made coats of fine linen of woven work for Aaron, and for his sons,	
Exodus 39:34	And the covering of rams' skins dyed red, and the covering of badgers' skins, and the vail of the covering,	
Exodus 39:39	The brazen altar, and his grate of brass, his staves, and all his vessels, the laver and his foot,	
Exodus 39:4	They made shoulderpieces for it, to couple it together: by the two edges was it coupled together.	
Exodus 39:7	And he put them on the shoulders of the ephod, that they should be stones for a memorial to the children of Israel; as the LORD commanded Moses.	
Exodus 3:16	Go, and gather the elders of Israel together, and say unto them, The LORD God of your fathers, the God of Abraham, of Isaac, and of Jacob, appeared unto me, saying, I have surely visited you, and seen that which is done to you in Egypt:	
Exodus 3:2	And the angel of the LORD appeared unto him in a flame of fire out of the midst of a bush: and he looked, and, behold, the bush burned with fire, and the bush was not consumed.	
Exodus 3:21	And I will give this people favor in the sight of the Egyptians: and it shall come to pass, that, when ye go, ye shall not go empty.	
Exodus 3:8	And I am come down to deliver them out of the hand of the Egyptians, and to bring them up out of that land unto a good land and a large, unto a land flowing with milk and honey; unto the place of the Canaanites, and the Hittites, and the Amorites, and the Perizzites, and the Hivites, and the Jebusites.	
Exodus 3:9	Now therefore, behold, the cry of the children of Israel is come unto me: and I have also seen the oppression wherewith the Egyptians oppress them.	
Exodus 40:12	And thou shalt bring Aaron and his sons unto the door of the tabernacle of the congregation, and wash them with water.	
Exodus 40:22	And he put the table in the tent of the congregation, upon the side of the tabernacle northward, without the vail.	
Exodus 40:26	And he put the golden altar in the tent of the congregation before the vail:	
Exodus 40:30	And he set the laver between the tent of the congregation and the altar, and put water there, to wash withal.	
Exodus 40:34	Then a cloud covered the tent of the congregation, and the glory of the LORD filled the tabernacle.	
Exodus 40:38	For the cloud of the LORD was upon the tabernacle by day, and fire was on it by night, in the sight of all the house of Israel, throughout all their journeys.	
Exodus 40:8	And thou shalt set up the court round about, and hang up the hanging at the court gate.	
Exodus 40:9	And thou shalt take the anointing oil, and anoint the tabernacle, and all that is therein, and shalt hallow it, and all the vessels thereof: and it shall be holy.	
Exodus 4:14	And the anger of the LORD was kindled against Moses, and he said, Is not Aaron the Levite thy brother? I know that he can speak well. And also, behold, he cometh forth to meet thee: and when he seeth thee, he will be glad in his heart.	
Exodus 4:21	And the LORD said unto Moses, When thou goest to return into Egypt, see that thou do all those wonders before Pharaoh, which I have put in thine hand: but I will harden his heart, that he shall not let the people go.	
Exodus 4:27	And the LORD said to Aaron, Go into the wilderness to meet Moses. And he went, and met him in the mount of God, and kissed him.	
Exodus 4:7	And he said, Put thine hand into thy bosom again. And he put his hand into his bosom again; and plucked it out of his bosom, and, behold, it was turned again as his other flesh.	
Exodus 5:13	And the taskmasters hasted them, saying, Fulfil your works, your daily tasks, as when there was straw.	
Exodus 5:16	There is no straw given unto thy servants, and they say to us, Make brick: and, behold, thy servants are beaten; but the fault is in thine own people.	
Exodus 5:17	But he said, Ye are idle, ye are idle: therefore ye say, Let us go and do sacrifice to the LORD.	
Exodus 5:7	Ye shall no more give the people straw to make brick, as heretofore: let them go and gather straw for themselves.	
Exodus 6:17	The sons of Gershon; Libni, and Shimi, according to their families.	
Exodus 6:24	And the sons of Korah; Assir, and Elkanah, and Abiasaph: these are the families of the Korhites.	
Exodus 6:27	These are they which spake to Pharaoh king of Egypt, to bring out the children of Israel from Egypt: these are that Moses and Aaron.	
Exodus 6:28	And it came to pass on the day when the LORD spake unto Moses in the land of Egypt,	
Exodus 7:1	And the LORD said unto Moses, See, I have made thee a god to Pharaoh: and Aaron thy brother shall be thy prophet.	
Exodus 7:10	And Moses and Aaron went in unto Pharaoh, and they did so as the LORD had commanded: and Aaron cast down his rod before Pharaoh, and before his servants, and it became a serpent.	
Exodus 7:12	For they cast down every man his rod, and they became serpents: but Aaron's rod swallowed up their rods.	
Exodus 7:13	And he hardened Pharaoh's heart, that he hearkened not unto them; as the LORD had said.	
Exodus 7:15	Get thee unto Pharaoh in the morning; lo, he goeth out unto the water; and thou shalt stand by the river's brink against he come; and the rod which was turned to a serpent shalt thou take in thine hand.	
Exodus 7:17	Thus saith the LORD, In this thou shalt know that I am the LORD: behold, I will smite with the rod that is in mine hand upon the waters which are in the river, and they shall be turned to blood.	
Exodus 7:19	And the LORD spake unto Moses, Say unto Aaron, Take thy rod, and stretch out thine hand upon the waters of Egypt, upon their streams, upon their rivers, and upon their ponds, and upon all their pools of water, that they may become blood; and that there may be blood throughout all the land of Egypt, both in vessels of wood, and in vessels of stone.	
Exodus 7:21	And the fish that was in the river died; and the river stank, and the Egyptians could not drink of the water of the river; and there was blood throughout all the land of Egypt.	
Exodus 7:23	And Pharaoh turned and went into his house, neither did he set his heart to this also.	
Exodus 7:24	And all the Egyptians digged round about the river for water to drink; for they could not drink of the water of the river.	
Exodus 7:25	And seven days were fulfilled, after that the LORD had smitten the river.	
Exodus 7:3	And I will harden Pharaoh's heart, and multiply my signs and my wonders in the land of Egypt.	
Exodus 8:1	And the LORD spake unto Moses, Go unto Pharaoh, and say unto him, Thus saith the LORD, Let my people go, that they may serve me.	
Exodus 8:11	And the frogs shall depart from thee, and from thy houses, and from thy servants, and from thy people; they shall remain in the river only.	
Exodus 8:13	And the LORD did according to the word of Moses; and the frogs died out of the houses, out of the villages, and out of the fields.	
Exodus 8:19	Then the magicians said unto Pharaoh, This is the finger of God: and Pharaoh's heart was hardened, and he hearkened not unto them; as the LORD had said.	
Exodus 8:28	And Pharaoh said, I will let you go, that ye may sacrifice to the LORD your God in the wilderness; only ye shall not go very far away: entreat for me.	
Exodus 8:4	And the frogs shall come up both on thee, and upon thy people, and upon all thy servants.	
Exodus 9:11	And the magicians could not stand before Moses because of the boils; for the boil was upon the magicians, and upon all the Egyptians.	
Exodus 9:12	And the LORD hardened the heart of Pharaoh, and he hearkened not unto them; as the LORD had spoken unto Moses.	
Exodus 9:15	For now I will stretch out my hand, that I may smite thee and thy people with pestilence; and thou shalt be cut off from the earth.	
Exodus 9:17	As yet exaltest thou thyself against my people, that thou wilt not let them go?	
Exodus 9:26	Only in the land of Goshen, where the children of Israel were, was there no hail.	
Exodus 9:32	But the wheat and the rye were not smitten: for they were not grown up.	
Exodus 9:9	And it shall become small dust in all the land of Egypt, and shall be a boil breaking forth with blains upon man, and upon beast, throughout all the land of Egypt.	
Ezekiel 10:13	As for the wheels, it was cried unto them in my hearing, O wheel.	
Ezekiel 10:18	Then the glory of the LORD departed from off the threshold of the house, and stood over the cherubims.	
Ezekiel 10:19	And the cherubims lifted up their wings, and mounted up from the earth in my sight: when they went out, the wheels also were beside them, and every one stood at the door of the east gate of the LORD's house; and the glory of the God of Israel was over them above.	
Ezekiel 10:3	Now the cherubims stood on the right side of the house, when the man went in; and the cloud filled the inner court.	
Ezekiel 11:13	And it came to pass, when I prophesied, that Pelatiah the son of Benaiah died. Then fell I down upon my face, and cried with a loud voice, and said, Ah Lord GOD! wilt thou make a full end of the remnant of Israel?	
Ezekiel 11:17	Therefore say, Thus saith the Lord GOD; I will even gather you from the people, and assemble you out of the countries where ye have been scattered, and I will give you the land of Israel.	
Ezekiel 11:24	Afterwards the spirit took me up, and brought me in a vision by the Spirit of God into Chaldea, to them of the captivity. So the vision that I had seen went up from me.	
Ezekiel 11:25	Then I spake unto them of the captivity all the things that the LORD had shewed me.	
Ezekiel 11:7	Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; Your slain whom ye have laid in the midst of it, they are the flesh, and this city is the caldron: but I will bring you forth out of the midst of it.	
Ezekiel 12:11	Say, I am your sign: like as I have done, so shall it be done unto them: they shall remove and go into captivity.	
Ezekiel 12:15	And they shall know that I am the LORD, when I shall scatter them among the nations, and disperse them in the countries.	
Ezekiel 12:19	And say unto the people of the land, Thus saith the Lord GOD of the inhabitants of Jerusalem, and of the land of Israel; They shall eat their bread with carefulness, and drink their water with astonishment, that her land may be desolate from all that is therein, because of the violence of all them that dwell therein.	
Ezekiel 12:22	Son of man, what is that proverb that ye have in the land of Israel, saying, The days are prolonged, and every vision faileth?	
Ezekiel 12:23	Tell them therefore, Thus saith the Lord GOD; I will make this proverb to cease, and they shall no more use it as a proverb in Israel; but say unto them, The days are at hand, and the effect of every vision.	
Ezekiel 12:4	Then shalt thou bring forth thy stuff by day in their sight, as stuff for removing: and thou shalt go forth at even in their sight, as they that go forth into captivity.	
Ezekiel 12:5	Dig thou through the wall in their sight, and carry out thereby.	
Ezekiel 12:8	And in the morning came the word of the LORD unto me, saying,	
Ezekiel 12:9	Son of man, hath not the house of Israel, the rebellious house, said unto thee, What doest thou?	
Ezekiel 13:10	Because, even because they have seduced my people, saying, Peace; and there was no peace; and one built up a wall, and, lo, others daubed it with untempered morter:	
Ezekiel 13:14	So will I break down the wall that ye have daubed with untempered morter, and bring it down to the ground, so that the foundation thereof shall be discovered, and it shall fall, and ye shall be consumed in the midst thereof: and ye shall know that I am the LORD.	
Ezekiel 13:18	And say, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Woe to the women that sew pillows to all armholes, and make kerchiefs upon the head of every stature to hunt souls! Will ye hunt the souls of my people, and will ye save the souls alive that come unto you?	
Ezekiel 13:20	Wherefore thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I am against your pillows, wherewith ye there hunt the souls to make them fly, and I will tear them from your arms, and will let the souls go, even the souls that ye hunt to make them fly.	
Ezekiel 13:22	Because with lies ye have made the heart of the righteous sad, whom I have not made sad; and strengthened the hands of the wicked, that he should not return from his wicked way, by promising him life:	
Ezekiel 13:9	And mine hand shall be upon the prophets that see vanity, and that divine lies: they shall not be in the assembly of my people, neither shall they be written in the writing of the house of Israel, neither shall they enter into the land of Israel; and ye shall know that I am the Lord GOD.	
Ezekiel 14:10	And they shall bear the punishment of their iniquity: the punishment of the prophet shall be even as the punishment of him that seeketh unto him;	
Ezekiel 14:17	Or if I bring a sword upon that land, and say, Sword, go through the land; so that I cut off man and beast from it:	
Ezekiel 14:19	Or if I send a pestilence into that land, and pour out my fury upon it in blood, to cut off from it man and beast:	
Ezekiel 14:2	And the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,	
Ezekiel 14:5	That I may take the house of Israel in their own heart, because they are all estranged from me through their idols.	
Ezekiel 14:6	Therefore say unto the house of Israel, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Repent, and turn yourselves from your idols; and turn away your faces from all your abominations.	
Ezekiel 15:1	And the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,	
Ezekiel 15:5	Behold, when it was whole, it was meet for no work: how much less shall it be meet yet for any work, when the fire hath devoured it, and it is burned?	
Ezekiel 15:6	Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; As the vine tree among the trees of the forest, which I have given to the fire for fuel, so will I give the inhabitants of Jerusalem.	
Ezekiel 16:20	Moreover thou hast taken thy sons and thy daughters, whom thou hast borne unto me, and these hast thou sacrificed unto them to be devoured. Is this of thy whoredoms a small matter,	
Ezekiel 16:29	Thou hast moreover multiplied thy fornication in the land of Canaan unto Chaldea; and yet thou wast not satisfied therewith.	
Ezekiel 16:35	Wherefore, O harlot, hear the word of the LORD:	
Ezekiel 16:37	Behold, therefore I will gather all thy lovers, with whom thou hast taken pleasure, and all them that thou hast loved, with all them that thou hast hated; I will even gather them round about against thee, and will discover thy nakedness unto them, that they may see all thy nakedness.	
Ezekiel 16:39	And I will also give thee into their hand, and they shall throw down thine eminent place, and shall break down thy high places: they shall strip thee also of thy clothes, and shall take thy fair jewels, and leave thee naked and bare.	
Ezekiel 16:42	So will I make my fury toward thee to rest, and my jealousy shall depart from thee, and I will be quiet, and will be no more angry.	
Ezekiel 16:44	Behold, every one that useth proverbs shall use this proverb against thee, saying, As is the mother, so is her daughter.	
Ezekiel 16:51	Neither hath Samaria committed half of thy sins; but thou hast multiplied thine abominations more than they, and hast justified thy sisters in all thine abominations which thou hast done.	
Ezekiel 16:53	When I shall bring again their captivity, the captivity of Sodom and her daughters, and the captivity of Samaria and her daughters, then will I bring again the captivity of thy captives in the midst of them:	
Ezekiel 16:57	Before thy wickedness was discovered, as at the time of thy reproach of the daughters of Syria, and all that are round about her, the daughters of the Philistines, which despise thee round about.	
Ezekiel 16:61	Then thou shalt remember thy ways, and be ashamed, when thou shalt receive thy sisters, thine elder and thy younger: and I will give them unto thee for daughters, but not by thy covenant.	
Ezekiel 16:62	And I will establish my covenant with thee; and thou shalt know that I am the LORD:	
Ezekiel 16:63	That thou mayest remember, and be confounded, and never open thy mouth any more because of thy shame, when I am pacified toward thee for all that thou hast done, saith the Lord GOD.	
Ezekiel 16:9	Then washed I thee with water; yea, I throughly washed away thy blood from thee, and I anointed thee with oil.	
Ezekiel 17:10	Yea, behold, being planted, shall it prosper? shall it not utterly wither, when the east wind toucheth it? it shall wither in the furrows where it grew.	
Ezekiel 17:13	And hath taken of the king's seed, and made a covenant with him, and hath taken an oath of him: he hath also taken the mighty of the land:	
Ezekiel 17:14	That the kingdom might be base, that it might not lift itself up, but that by keeping of his covenant it might stand.	
Ezekiel 17:18	Seeing he despised the oath by breaking the covenant, when, lo, he had given his hand, and hath done all these things, he shall not escape.	
Ezekiel 17:23	In the mountain of the height of Israel will I plant it: and it shall bring forth boughs, and bear fruit, and be a goodly cedar: and under it shall dwell all fowl of every wing; in the shadow of the branches thereof shall they dwell.	
Ezekiel 17:3	And say, Thus saith the Lord GOD; A great eagle with great wings, longwinged, full of feathers, which had divers colours, came unto Lebanon, and took the highest branch of the cedar:	
Ezekiel 17:4	He cropped off the top of his young twigs, and carried it into a land of traffick; he set it in a city of merchants.	
Ezekiel 17:8	It was planted in a good soil by great waters, that it might bring forth branches, and that it might bear fruit, that it might be a goodly vine.	
Ezekiel 17:9	Say thou, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Shall it prosper? shall he not pull up the roots thereof, and cut off the fruit thereof, that it wither? it shall wither in all the leaves of her spring, even without great power or many people to pluck it up by the roots thereof.	
Ezekiel 18:1	The word of the LORD came unto me again, saying,	
Ezekiel 18:17	That hath taken off his hand from the poor, that hath not received usury nor increase, hath executed my judgments, hath walked in my statutes; he shall not die for the iniquity of his father, he shall surely live.	
Ezekiel 18:21	But if the wicked will turn from all his sins that he hath committed, and keep all my statutes, and do that which is lawful and right, he shall surely live, he shall not die.	
Ezekiel 18:29	Yet saith the house of Israel, The way of the LORD is not equal. O house of Israel, are not my ways equal? are not your ways unequal?	
Ezekiel 18:7	And hath not oppressed any, but hath restored to the debtor his pledge, hath spoiled none by violence, hath given his bread to the hungry, and hath covered the naked with a garment;	
Ezekiel 19:14	And fire is gone out of a rod of her branches, which hath devoured her fruit, so that she hath no strong rod to be a sceptre to rule. This is a lamentation, and shall be for a lamentation.	
Ezekiel 19:4	The nations also heard of him; he was taken in their pit, and they brought him with chains unto the land of Egypt.	
Ezekiel 19:6	And he went up and down among the lions, he became a young lion, and learned to catch the prey, and devoured men.	
Ezekiel 19:7	And he knew their desolate palaces, and he laid waste their cities; and the land was desolate, and the fulness thereof, by the noise of his roaring.	
Ezekiel 1:11	Thus were their faces: and their wings were stretched upward; two wings of every one were joined one to another, and two covered their bodies.	
Ezekiel 1:15	Now as I beheld the living creatures, behold one wheel upon the earth by the living creatures, with his four faces.	
Ezekiel 1:28	As the appearance of the bow that is in the cloud in the day of rain, so was the appearance of the brightness round about. This was the appearance of the likeness of the glory of the LORD. And when I saw it, I fell upon my face, and I heard a voice of one that spake.	
Ezekiel 1:3	The word of the LORD came expressly unto Ezekiel the priest, the son of Buzi, in the land of the Chaldeans by the river Chebar; and the hand of the LORD was there upon him.	
Ezekiel 1:8	And they had the hands of a man under their wings on their four sides; and they four had their faces and their wings.	
Ezekiel 1:9	Their wings were joined one to another; they turned not when they went; they went every one straight forward.	
Ezekiel 20:12	Moreover also I gave them my sabbaths, to be a sign between me and them, that they might know that I am the LORD that sanctify them.	
Ezekiel 20:16	Because they despised my judgments, and walked not in my statutes, but polluted my sabbaths: for their heart went after their idols.	
Ezekiel 20:17	Nevertheless mine eye spared them from destroying them, neither did I make an end of them in the wilderness.	
Ezekiel 20:20	And hallow my sabbaths; and they shall be a sign between me and you, that ye may know that I am the LORD your God.	
Ezekiel 20:22	Nevertheless I withdrew mine hand, and wrought for my name's sake, that it should not be polluted in the sight of the heathen, in whose sight I brought them forth.	
Ezekiel 20:25	Wherefore I gave them also statutes that were not good, and judgments whereby they should not live;	
Ezekiel 20:27	Therefore, son of man, speak unto the house of Israel, and say unto them, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Yet in this your fathers have blasphemed me, in that they have committed a trespass against me.	
Ezekiel 20:29	Then I said unto them, What is the high place whereunto ye go? And the name whereof is called Bamah unto this day.	
Ezekiel 20:31	For when ye offer your gifts, when ye make your sons to pass through the fire, ye pollute yourselves with all your idols, even unto this day: and shall I be enquired of by you, O house of Israel? As I live, saith the Lord GOD, I will not be enquired of by you.	
Ezekiel 20:37	And I will cause you to pass under the rod, and I will bring you into the bond of the covenant:	
Ezekiel 20:44	And ye shall know that I am the LORD when I have wrought with you for my name's sake, not according to your wicked ways, nor according to your corrupt doings, O ye house of Israel, saith the Lord GOD.	
Ezekiel 20:45	Moreover the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,	
Ezekiel 20:47	And say to the forest of the south, Hear the word of the LORD; Thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I will kindle a fire in thee, and it shall devour every green tree in thee, and every dry tree: the flaming flame shall not be quenched, and all faces from the south to the north shall be burned therein.	
Ezekiel 21:14	Thou therefore, son of man, prophesy, and smite thine hands together. and let the sword be doubled the third time, the sword of the slain: it is the sword of the great men that are slain, which entereth into their privy chambers.	
Ezekiel 21:16	Go thee one way or other, either on the right hand, or on the left, whithersoever thy face is set.	
Ezekiel 21:17	I will also smite mine hands together, and I will cause my fury to rest: I the LORD have said it.	
Ezekiel 21:18	The word of the LORD came unto me again, saying,	
Ezekiel 21:2	Son of man, set thy face toward Jerusalem, and drop thy word toward the holy places, and prophesy against the land of Israel,	
Ezekiel 21:25	And thou, profane wicked prince of Israel, whose day is come, when iniquity shall have an end,	
Ezekiel 21:28	And thou, son of man, prophesy and say, Thus saith the Lord GOD concerning the Ammonites, and concerning their reproach; even say thou, The sword, the sword is drawn: for the slaughter it is furbished, to consume because of the glittering:	
Ezekiel 21:3	And say to the land of Israel, Thus saith the LORD; Behold, I am against thee, and will draw forth my sword out of his sheath, and will cut off from thee the righteous and the wicked.	
Ezekiel 22:12	In thee have they taken gifts to shed blood; thou hast taken usury and increase, and thou hast greedily gained of thy neighbours by extortion, and hast forgotten me, saith the Lord GOD.	
Ezekiel 22:23	And the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,	
Ezekiel 22:25	There is a conspiracy of her prophets in the midst thereof, like a roaring lion ravening the prey; they have devoured souls; they have taken the treasure and precious things; they have made her many widows in the midst thereof.	
Ezekiel 22:29	The people of the land have used oppression, and exercised robbery, and have vexed the poor and needy: yea, they have oppressed the stranger wrongfully.	
Ezekiel 22:9	In thee are men that carry tales to shed blood: and in thee they eat upon the mountains: in the midst of thee they commit lewdness.	
Ezekiel 23:10	These discovered her nakedness: they took her sons and her daughters, and slew her with the sword: and she became famous among women; for they had executed judgment upon her.	
Ezekiel 23:11	And when her sister Aholibah saw this, she was more corrupt in her inordinate love than she, and in her whoredoms more than her sister in her whoredoms.	
Ezekiel 23:16	And as soon as she saw them with her eyes, she doted upon them, and sent messengers unto them into Chaldea.	
Ezekiel 23:17	And the Babylonians came to her into the bed of love, and they defiled her with their whoredom, and she was polluted with them, and her mind was alienated from them.	
Ezekiel 23:18	So she discovered her whoredoms, and discovered her nakedness: then my mind was alienated from her, like as my mind was alienated from her sister.	
Ezekiel 23:23	The Babylonians, and all the Chaldeans, Pekod, and Shoa, and Koa, and all the Assyrians with them: all of them desirable young men, captains and rulers, great lords and renowned, all of them riding upon horses.	
Ezekiel 23:26	They shall also strip thee out of thy clothes, and take away thy fair jewels.	
Ezekiel 23:27	Thus will I make thy lewdness to cease from thee, and thy whoredom brought from the land of Egypt: so that thou shalt not lift up thine eyes unto them, nor remember Egypt any more.	
Ezekiel 23:28	For thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I will deliver thee into the hand of them whom thou hatest, into the hand of them from whom thy mind is alienated:	
Ezekiel 23:40	And furthermore, that ye have sent for men to come from far, unto whom a messenger was sent; and, lo, they came: for whom thou didst wash thyself, paintedst thy eyes, and deckedst thyself with ornaments,	
Ezekiel 23:42	And a voice of a multitude being at ease was with her: and with the men of the common sort were brought Sabeans from the wilderness, which put bracelets upon their hands, and beautiful crowns upon their heads.	
Ezekiel 23:46	For thus saith the Lord GOD; I will bring up a company upon them, and will give them to be removed and spoiled.	
Ezekiel 23:48	Thus will I cause lewdness to cease out of the land, that all women may be taught not to do after your lewdness.	
Ezekiel 24:10	Heap on wood, kindle the fire, consume the flesh, and spice it well, and let the bones be burned.	
Ezekiel 24:14	I the LORD have spoken it: it shall come to pass, and I will do it; I will not go back, neither will I spare, neither will I repent; according to thy ways, and according to thy doings, shall they judge thee, saith the Lord GOD.	
Ezekiel 24:16	Son of man, behold, I take away from thee the desire of thine eyes with a stroke: yet neither shalt thou mourn nor weep, neither shall thy tears run down.	
Ezekiel 24:25	Also, thou son of man, shall it not be in the day when I take from them their strength, the joy of their glory, the desire of their eyes, and that whereupon they set their minds, their sons and their daughters,	
Ezekiel 24:8	That it might cause fury to come up to take vengeance; I have set her blood upon the top of a rock, that it should not be covered.	
Ezekiel 25:1	The word of the LORD came again unto me, saying,	
Ezekiel 25:13	Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; I will also stretch out mine hand upon Edom, and will cut off man and beast from it; and I will make it desolate from Teman; and they of Dedan shall fall by the sword.	
Ezekiel 25:14	And I will lay my vengeance upon Edom by the hand of my people Israel: and they shall do in Edom according to mine anger and according to my fury; and they shall know my vengeance, saith the Lord GOD.	
Ezekiel 25:15	Thus saith the Lord GOD; Because the Philistines have dealt by revenge, and have taken vengeance with a despiteful heart, to destroy it for the old hatred;	
Ezekiel 25:17	And I will execute great vengeance upon them with furious rebukes; and they shall know that I am the LORD, when I shall lay my vengeance upon them.	
Ezekiel 25:3	And say unto the Ammonites, Hear the word of the Lord GOD; Thus saith the Lord GOD; Because thou saidst, Aha, against my sanctuary, when it was profaned; and against the land of Israel, when it was desolate; and against the house of Judah, when they went into captivity;	
Ezekiel 25:7	Behold, therefore I will stretch out mine hand upon thee, and will deliver thee for a spoil to the heathen; and I will cut thee off from the people, and I will cause thee to perish out of the countries: I will destroy thee; and thou shalt know that I am the LORD.	
Ezekiel 25:9	Therefore, behold, I will open the side of Moab from the cities, from his cities which are on his frontiers, the glory of the country, Bethjeshimoth, Baalmeon, and Kiriathaim,	
Ezekiel 26:1	And it came to pass in the eleventh year, in the first day of the month, that the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,	
Ezekiel 26:12	And they shall make a spoil of thy riches, and make a prey of thy merchandise: and they shall break down thy walls, and destroy thy pleasant houses: and they shall lay thy stones and thy timber and thy dust in the midst of the water.	
Ezekiel 26:13	And I will cause the noise of thy songs to cease; and the sound of thy harps shall be no more heard.	
Ezekiel 26:18	Now shall the isles tremble in the day of thy fall; yea, the isles that are in the sea shall be troubled at thy departure.	
Ezekiel 26:9	And he shall set engines of war against thy walls, and with his axes he shall break down thy towers.	
Ezekiel 27:10	They of Persia and of Lud and of Phut were in thine army, thy men of war: they hanged the shield and helmet in thee; they set forth thy comeliness.	
Ezekiel 27:11	The men of Arvad with thine army were upon thy walls round about, and the Gammadims were in thy towers: they hanged their shields upon thy walls round about; they have made thy beauty perfect.	
Ezekiel 27:15	The men of Dedan were thy merchants; many isles were the merchandise of thine hand: they brought thee for a present horns of ivory and ebony.	
Ezekiel 27:16	Syria was thy merchant by reason of the multitude of the wares of thy making: they occupied in thy fairs with emeralds, purple, and broidered work, and fine linen, and coral, and agate.	
Ezekiel 27:21	Arabia, and all the princes of Kedar, they occupied with thee in lambs, and rams, and goats: in these were they thy merchants.	
Ezekiel 27:22	The merchants of Sheba and Raamah, they were thy merchants: they occupied in thy fairs with chief of all spices, and with all precious stones, and gold.	
Ezekiel 27:30	And shall cause their voice to be heard against thee, and shall cry bitterly, and shall cast up dust upon their heads, they shall wallow themselves in the ashes:	
Ezekiel 27:31	And they shall make themselves utterly bald for thee, and gird them with sackcloth, and they shall weep for thee with bitterness of heart and bitter wailing.	
Ezekiel 27:32	And in their wailing they shall take up a lamentation for thee, and lament over thee, saying, What city is like Tyrus, like the destroyed in the midst of the sea?	
Ezekiel 27:33	When thy wares went forth out of the seas, thou filledst many people; thou didst enrich the kings of the earth with the multitude of thy riches and of thy merchandise.	
Ezekiel 27:8	The inhabitants of Zidon and Arvad were thy mariners: thy wise men, O Tyrus, that were in thee, were thy pilots.	
Ezekiel 28:12	Son of man, take up a lamentation upon the king of Tyrus, and say unto him, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Thou sealest up the sum, full of wisdom, and perfect in beauty.	
Ezekiel 28:14	Thou art the anointed cherub that covereth; and I have set thee so: thou wast upon the holy mountain of God; thou hast walked up and down in the midst of the stones of fire.	
Ezekiel 28:20	Again the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,	
Ezekiel 28:4	With thy wisdom and with thine understanding thou hast gotten thee riches, and hast gotten gold and silver into thy treasures:	
Ezekiel 28:6	Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; Because thou hast set thine heart as the heart of God;	
Ezekiel 29:10	Behold, therefore I am against thee, and against thy rivers, and I will make the land of Egypt utterly waste and desolate, from the tower of Syene even unto the border of Ethiopia.	
Ezekiel 29:11	No foot of man shall pass through it, nor foot of beast shall pass through it, neither shall it be inhabited forty years.	
Ezekiel 29:19	Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I will give the land of Egypt unto Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon; and he shall take her multitude, and take her spoil, and take her prey; and it shall be the wages for his army.	
Ezekiel 29:6	And all the inhabitants of Egypt shall know that I am the LORD, because they have been a staff of reed to the house of Israel.	
Ezekiel 29:7	When they took hold of thee by thy hand, thou didst break, and rend all their shoulder: and when they leaned upon thee, thou brakest, and madest all their loins to be at a stand.	
Ezekiel 29:8	Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I will bring a sword upon thee, and cut off man and beast out of thee.	
Ezekiel 2:2	And the spirit entered into me when he spake unto me, and set me upon my feet, that I heard him that spake unto me.	
Ezekiel 2:5	And they, whether they will hear, or whether they will forbear, (for they are a rebellious house,) yet shall know that there hath been a prophet among them.	
Ezekiel 2:6	And thou, son of man, be not afraid of them, neither be afraid of their words, though briers and thorns be with thee, and thou dost dwell among scorpions: be not afraid of their words, nor be dismayed at their looks, though they be a rebellious house.	
Ezekiel 2:8	But thou, son of man, hear what I say unto thee; Be not thou rebellious like that rebellious house: open thy mouth, and eat that I give thee.	
Ezekiel 2:9	And when I looked, behold, an hand was sent unto me; and, lo, a roll of a book was therein;	
Ezekiel 30:14	And I will make Pathros desolate, and will set fire in Zoan, and will execute judgments in No.	
Ezekiel 30:15	And I will pour my fury upon Sin, the strength of Egypt; and I will cut off the multitude of No.	
Ezekiel 30:16	And I will set fire in Egypt: Sin shall have great pain, and No shall be rent asunder, and Noph shall have distresses daily.	
Ezekiel 30:2	Son of man, prophesy and say, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Howl ye, Woe worth the day!	
Ezekiel 30:22	Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I am against Pharaoh king of Egypt, and will break his arms, the strong, and that which was broken; and I will cause the sword to fall out of his hand.	
Ezekiel 30:3	For the day is near, even the day of the LORD is near, a cloudy day; it shall be the time of the heathen.	
Ezekiel 30:4	And the sword shall come upon Egypt, and great pain shall be in Ethiopia, when the slain shall fall in Egypt, and they shall take away her multitude, and her foundations shall be broken down.	
Ezekiel 30:7	And they shall be desolate in the midst of the countries that are desolate, and her cities shall be in the midst of the cities that are wasted.	
Ezekiel 30:9	In that day shall messengers go forth from me in ships to make the careless Ethiopians afraid, and great pain shall come upon them, as in the day of Egypt: for, lo, it cometh.	
Ezekiel 31:3	Behold, the Assyrian was a cedar in Lebanon with fair branches, and with a shadowing shroud, and of an high stature; and his top was among the thick boughs.	
Ezekiel 31:5	Therefore his height was exalted above all the trees of the field, and his boughs were multiplied, and his branches became long because of the multitude of waters, when he shot forth.	
Ezekiel 31:7	Thus was he fair in his greatness, in the length of his branches: for his root was by great waters.	
Ezekiel 31:9	I have made him fair by the multitude of his branches: so that all the trees of Eden, that were in the garden of God, envied him.	
Ezekiel 32:13	I will destroy also all the beasts thereof from beside the great waters; neither shall the foot of man trouble them any more, nor the hoofs of beasts trouble them.	
Ezekiel 32:14	Then will I make their waters deep, and cause their rivers to run like oil, saith the Lord GOD.	
Ezekiel 32:2	Son of man, take up a lamentation for Pharaoh king of Egypt, and say unto him, Thou art like a young lion of the nations, and thou art as a whale in the seas: and thou camest forth with thy rivers, and troubledst the waters with thy feet, and fouledst their rivers.	
Ezekiel 32:24	There is Elam and all her multitude round about her grave, all of them slain, fallen by the sword, which are gone down uncircumcised into the nether parts of the earth, which caused their terror in the land of the living; yet have they borne their shame with them that go down to the pit.	
Ezekiel 32:3	Thus saith the Lord GOD; I will therefore spread out my net over thee with a company of many people; and they shall bring thee up in my net.	
Ezekiel 32:6	I will also water with thy blood the land wherein thou swimmest, even to the mountains; and the rivers shall be full of thee.	
Ezekiel 33:19	But if the wicked turn from his wickedness, and do that which is lawful and right, he shall live thereby.	
Ezekiel 33:2	Son of man, speak to the children of thy people, and say unto them, When I bring the sword upon a land, if the people of the land take a man of their coasts, and set him for their watchman:	
Ezekiel 33:20	Yet ye say, The way of the Lord is not equal. O ye house of Israel, I will judge you every one after his ways.	
Ezekiel 33:28	For I will lay the land most desolate, and the pomp of her strength shall cease; and the mountains of Israel shall be desolate, that none shall pass through.	
Ezekiel 33:29	Then shall they know that I am the LORD, when I have laid the land most desolate because of all their abominations which they have committed.	
Ezekiel 33:3	If when he seeth the sword come upon the land, he blow the trumpet, and warn the people;	
Ezekiel 33:31	And they come unto thee as the people cometh, and they sit before thee as my people, and they hear thy words, but they will not do them: for with their mouth they shew much love, but their heart goeth after their covetousness.	
Ezekiel 33:33	And when this cometh to pass, (lo, it will come,) then shall they know that a prophet hath been among them.	
Ezekiel 34:14	I will feed them in a good pasture, and upon the high mountains of Israel shall their fold be: there shall they lie in a good fold, and in a fat pasture shall they feed upon the mountains of Israel.	
Ezekiel 34:18	Seemeth it a small thing unto you to have eaten up the good pasture, but ye must tread down with your feet the residue of your pastures? and to have drunk of the deep waters, but ye must foul the residue with your feet?	
Ezekiel 34:21	Because ye have thrust with side and with shoulder, and pushed all the diseased with your horns, till ye have scattered them abroad;	
Ezekiel 34:23	And I will set up one shepherd over them, and he shall feed them, even my servant David; he shall feed them, and he shall be their shepherd.	
Ezekiel 34:24	And I the LORD will be their God, and my servant David a prince among them; I the LORD have spoken it.	
Ezekiel 34:25	And I will make with them a covenant of peace, and will cause the evil beasts to cease out of the land: and they shall dwell safely in the wilderness, and sleep in the woods.	
Ezekiel 34:3	Ye eat the fat, and ye clothe you with the wool, ye kill them that are fed: but ye feed not the flock.	
Ezekiel 34:7	Therefore, ye shepherds, hear the word of the LORD;	
Ezekiel 35:1	Moreover the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,	
Ezekiel 35:11	Therefore, as I live, saith the Lord GOD, I will even do according to thine anger, and according to thine envy which thou hast used out of thy hatred against them; and I will make myself known among them, when I have judged thee.	
Ezekiel 35:13	Thus with your mouth ye have boasted against me, and have multiplied your words against me: I have heard them.	
Ezekiel 35:7	Thus will I make mount Seir most desolate, and cut off from it him that passeth out and him that returneth.	
Ezekiel 35:9	I will make thee perpetual desolations, and thy cities shall not return: and ye shall know that I am the LORD.	
Ezekiel 36:1	Also, thou son of man, prophesy unto the mountains of Israel, and say, Ye mountains of Israel, hear the word of the LORD:	
Ezekiel 36:12	Yea, I will cause men to walk upon you, even my people Israel; and they shall possess thee, and thou shalt be their inheritance, and thou shalt no more henceforth bereave them of men.	
Ezekiel 36:17	Son of man, when the house of Israel dwelt in their own land, they defiled it by their own way and by their doings: their way was before me as the uncleanness of a removed woman.	
Ezekiel 36:19	And I scattered them among the heathen, and they were dispersed through the countries: according to their way and according to their doings I judged them.	
Ezekiel 36:2	Thus saith the Lord GOD; Because the enemy hath said against you, Aha, even the ancient high places are ours in possession:	
Ezekiel 36:20	And when they entered unto the heathen, whither they went, they profaned my holy name, when they said to them, These are the people of the LORD, and are gone forth out of his land.	
Ezekiel 36:23	And I will sanctify my great name, which was profaned among the heathen, which ye have profaned in the midst of them; and the heathen shall know that I am the LORD, saith the Lord GOD, when I shall be sanctified in you before their eyes.	
Ezekiel 36:28	And ye shall dwell in the land that I gave to your fathers; and ye shall be my people, and I will be your God.	
Ezekiel 36:3	Therefore prophesy and say, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Because they have made you desolate, and swallowed you up on every side, that ye might be a possession unto the residue of the heathen, and ye are taken up in the lips of talkers, and are an infamy of the people:	
Ezekiel 36:32	Not for your sakes do I this, saith the Lord GOD, be it known unto you: be ashamed and confounded for your own ways, O house of Israel.	
Ezekiel 36:35	And they shall say, This land that was desolate is become like the garden of Eden; and the waste and desolate and ruined cities are become fenced, and are inhabited.	
Ezekiel 36:4	Therefore, ye mountains of Israel, hear the word of the Lord GOD; Thus saith the Lord GOD to the mountains, and to the hills, to the rivers, and to the valleys, to the desolate wastes, and to the cities that are forsaken, which became a prey and derision to the residue of the heathen that are round about;	
Ezekiel 36:7	Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; I have lifted up mine hand, Surely the heathen that are about you, they shall bear their shame.	
Ezekiel 37:10	So I prophesied as he commanded me, and the breath came into them, and they lived, and stood up upon their feet, an exceeding great army.	
Ezekiel 37:13	And ye shall know that I am the LORD, when I have opened your graves, O my people, and brought you up out of your graves,	
Ezekiel 37:15	The word of the LORD came again unto me, saying,	
Ezekiel 37:19	Say unto them, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I will take the stick of Joseph, which is in the hand of Ephraim, and the tribes of Israel his fellows, and will put them with him, even with the stick of Judah, and make them one stick, and they shall be one in mine hand.	
Ezekiel 37:2	And caused me to pass by them round about: and, behold, there were very many in the open valley; and, lo, they were very dry.	
Ezekiel 37:20	And the sticks whereon thou writest shall be in thine hand before their eyes.	
Ezekiel 37:26	Moreover I will make a covenant of peace with them; it shall be an everlasting covenant with them: and I will place them, and multiply them, and will set my sanctuary in the midst of them for evermore.	
Ezekiel 37:6	And I will lay sinews upon you, and will bring up flesh upon you, and cover you with skin, and put breath in you, and ye shall live; and ye shall know that I am the LORD.	
Ezekiel 37:9	Then said he unto me, Prophesy unto the wind, prophesy, son of man, and say to the wind, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Come from the four winds, O breath, and breathe upon these slain, that they may live.	
Ezekiel 38:11	And thou shalt say, I will go up to the land of unwalled villages; I will go to them that are at rest, that dwell safely, all of them dwelling without walls, and having neither bars nor gates,	
Ezekiel 38:14	Therefore, son of man, prophesy and say unto Gog, Thus saith the Lord GOD; In that day when my people of Israel dwelleth safely, shalt thou not know it?	
Ezekiel 38:21	And I will call for a sword against him throughout all my mountains, saith the Lord GOD: every man's sword shall be against his brother.	
Ezekiel 38:23	Thus will I magnify myself, and sanctify myself; and I will be known in the eyes of many nations, and they shall know that I am the LORD.	
Ezekiel 38:4	And I will turn thee back, and put hooks into thy jaws, and I will bring thee forth, and all thine army, horses and horsemen, all of them clothed with all sorts of armour, even a great company with bucklers and shields, all of them handling swords:	
Ezekiel 39:11	And it shall come to pass in that day, that I will give unto Gog a place there of graves in Israel, the valley of the passengers on the east of the sea: and it shall stop the noses of the passengers: and there shall they bury Gog and all his multitude: and they shall call it The valley of Hamongog.	
Ezekiel 39:15	And the passengers that pass through the land, when any seeth a man's bone, then shall he set up a sign by it, till the buriers have buried it in the valley of Hamongog.	
Ezekiel 39:24	According to their uncleanness and according to their transgressions have I done unto them, and hid my face from them.	
Ezekiel 39:28	Then shall they know that I am the LORD their God, which caused them to be led into captivity among the heathen: but I have gathered them unto their own land, and have left none of them any more there.	
Ezekiel 3:1	Moreover he said unto me, Son of man, eat that thou findest; eat this roll, and go speak unto the house of Israel.	
Ezekiel 3:13	I heard also the noise of the wings of the living creatures that touched one another, and the noise of the wheels over against them, and a noise of a great rushing.	
Ezekiel 3:15	Then I came to them of the captivity at Telabib, that dwelt by the river of Chebar, and I sat where they sat, and remained there astonished among them seven days.	
Ezekiel 3:19	Yet if thou warn the wicked, and he turn not from his wickedness, nor from his wicked way, he shall die in his iniquity; but thou hast delivered thy soul.	
Ezekiel 3:4	And he said unto me, Son of man, go, get thee unto the house of Israel, and speak with my words unto them.	
Ezekiel 3:6	Not to many people of a strange speech and of an hard language, whose words thou canst not understand. Surely, had I sent thee to them, they would have hearkened unto thee.	
Ezekiel 40:1	In the five and twentieth year of our captivity, in the beginning of the year, in the tenth day of the month, in the fourteenth year after that the city was smitten, in the selfsame day the hand of the LORD was upon me, and brought me thither.	
Ezekiel 40:12	The space also before the little chambers was one cubit on this side, and the space was one cubit on that side: and the little chambers were six cubits on this side, and six cubits on that side.	
Ezekiel 40:13	He measured then the gate from the roof of one little chamber to the roof of another: the breadth was five and twenty cubits, door against door.	
Ezekiel 40:14	He made also posts of threescore cubits, even unto the post of the court round about the gate.	
Ezekiel 40:18	And the pavement by the side of the gates over against the length of the gates was the lower pavement.	
Ezekiel 40:28	And he brought me to the inner court by the south gate: and he measured the south gate according to these measures;	
Ezekiel 40:34	And the arches thereof were toward the outward court; and palm trees were upon the posts thereof, on this side, and on that side: and the going up to it had eight steps.	
Ezekiel 40:35	And he brought me to the north gate, and measured it according to these measures;	
Ezekiel 40:42	And the four tables were of hewn stone for the burnt offering, of a cubit and an half long, and a cubit and an half broad, and one cubit high: whereupon also they laid the instruments wherewith they slew the burnt offering and the sacrifice.	
Ezekiel 40:45	And he said unto me, This chamber, whose prospect is toward the south, is for the priests, the keepers of the charge of the house.	
Ezekiel 40:46	And the chamber whose prospect is toward the north is for the priests, the keepers of the charge of the altar: these are the sons of Zadok among the sons of Levi, which come near to the LORD to minister unto him.	
Ezekiel 40:6	Then came he unto the gate which looketh toward the east, and went up the stairs thereof, and measured the threshold of the gate, which was one reed broad; and the other threshold of the gate, which was one reed broad.	
Ezekiel 40:8	He measured also the porch of the gate within, one reed.	
Ezekiel 41:19	So that the face of a man was toward the palm tree on the one side, and the face of a young lion toward the palm tree on the other side: it was made through all the house round about.	
Ezekiel 41:2	And the breadth of the door was ten cubits; and the sides of the door were five cubits on the one side, and five cubits on the other side: and he measured the length thereof, forty cubits: and the breadth, twenty cubits.	
Ezekiel 41:20	From the ground unto above the door were cherubims and palm trees made, and on the wall of the temple.	
Ezekiel 41:26	And there were narrow windows and palm trees on the one side and on the other side, on the sides of the porch, and upon the side chambers of the house, and thick planks.	
Ezekiel 42:16	He measured the east side with the measuring reed, five hundred reeds, with the measuring reed round about.	
Ezekiel 42:20	He measured it by the four sides: it had a wall round about, five hundred reeds long, and five hundred broad, to make a separation between the sanctuary and the profane place.	
Ezekiel 42:5	Now the upper chambers were shorter: for the galleries were higher than these, than the lower, and than the middlemost of the building.	
Ezekiel 43:11	And if they be ashamed of all that they have done, shew them the form of the house, and the fashion thereof, and the goings out thereof, and the comings in thereof, and all the forms thereof, and all the ordinances thereof, and all the forms thereof, and all the laws thereof: and write it in their sight, that they may keep the whole form thereof, and all the ordinances thereof, and do them.	
Ezekiel 43:17	And the settle shall be fourteen cubits long and fourteen broad in the four squares thereof; and the border about it shall be half a cubit; and the bottom thereof shall be a cubit about; and his stairs shall look toward the east.	
Ezekiel 43:21	Thou shalt take the bullock also of the sin offering, and he shall burn it in the appointed place of the house, without the sanctuary.	
Ezekiel 43:23	When thou hast made an end of cleansing it, thou shalt offer a young bullock without blemish, and a ram out of the flock without blemish.	
Ezekiel 43:26	Seven days shall they purge the altar and purify it; and they shall consecrate themselves.	
Ezekiel 43:9	Now let them put away their whoredom, and the carcases of their kings, far from me, and I will dwell in the midst of them for ever.	
Ezekiel 44:12	Because they ministered unto them before their idols, and caused the house of Israel to fall into iniquity; therefore have I lifted up mine hand against them, saith the Lord GOD, and they shall bear their iniquity.	
Ezekiel 44:4	Then brought he me the way of the north gate before the house: and I looked, and, behold, the glory of the LORD filled the house of the LORD: and I fell upon my face.	
Ezekiel 44:5	And the LORD said unto me, Son of man, mark well, and behold with thine eyes, and hear with thine ears all that I say unto thee concerning all the ordinances of the house of the LORD, and all the laws thereof; and mark well the entering in of the house, with every going forth of the sanctuary.	
Ezekiel 45:1	Moreover, when ye shall divide by lot the land for inheritance, ye shall offer an oblation unto the LORD, an holy portion of the land: the length shall be the length of five and twenty thousand reeds, and the breadth shall be ten thousand. This shall be holy in all the borders thereof round about.	
Ezekiel 45:16	All the people of the land shall give this oblation for the prince in Israel.	
Ezekiel 45:18	Thus saith the Lord GOD; In the first month, in the first day of the month, thou shalt take a young bullock without blemish, and cleanse the sanctuary:	
Ezekiel 45:2	Of this there shall be for the sanctuary five hundred in length, with five hundred in breadth, square round about; and fifty cubits round about for the suburbs thereof.	
Ezekiel 45:21	In the first month, in the fourteenth day of the month, ye shall have the passover, a feast of seven days; unleavened bread shall be eaten.	
Ezekiel 45:3	And of this measure shalt thou measure the length of five and twenty thousand, and the breadth of ten thousand: and in it shall be the sanctuary and the most holy place.	
Ezekiel 45:7	And a portion shall be for the prince on the one side and on the other side of the oblation of the holy portion, and of the possession of the city, before the oblation of the holy portion, and before the possession of the city, from the west side westward, and from the east side eastward: and the length shall be over against one of the portions, from the west border unto the east border.	
Ezekiel 46:1	Thus saith the Lord GOD; The gate of the inner court that looketh toward the east shall be shut the six working days; but on the sabbath it shall be opened, and in the day of the new moon it shall be opened.	
Ezekiel 46:11	And in the feasts and in the solemnities the meat offering shall be an ephah to a bullock, and an ephah to a ram, and to the lambs as he is able to give, and an hin of oil to an ephah.	
Ezekiel 46:12	Now when the prince shall prepare a voluntary burnt offering or peace offerings voluntarily unto the LORD, one shall then open him the gate that looketh toward the east, and he shall prepare his burnt offering and his peace offerings, as he did on the sabbath day: then he shall go forth; and after his going forth one shall shut the gate.	
Ezekiel 46:14	And thou shalt prepare a meat offering for it every morning, the sixth part of an ephah, and the third part of an hin of oil, to temper with the fine flour; a meat offering continually by a perpetual ordinance unto the LORD.	
Ezekiel 46:19	After he brought me through the entry, which was at the side of the gate, into the holy chambers of the priests, which looked toward the north: and, behold, there was a place on the two sides westward.	
Ezekiel 46:21	Then he brought me forth into the utter court, and caused me to pass by the four corners of the court; and, behold, in every corner of the court there was a court.	
Ezekiel 46:23	And there was a row of building round about in them, round about them four, and it was made with boiling places under the rows round about.	
Ezekiel 46:3	Likewise the people of the land shall worship at the door of this gate before the LORD in the sabbaths and in the new moons.	
Ezekiel 46:4	And the burnt offering that the prince shall offer unto the LORD in the sabbath day shall be six lambs without blemish, and a ram without blemish.	
Ezekiel 46:7	And he shall prepare a meat offering, an ephah for a bullock, and an ephah for a ram, and for the lambs according as his hand shall attain unto, and an hin of oil to an ephah.	
Ezekiel 46:9	But when the people of the land shall come before the LORD in the solemn feasts, he that entereth in by the way of the north gate to worship shall go out by the way of the south gate; and he that entereth by the way of the south gate shall go forth by the way of the north gate: he shall not return by the way of the gate whereby he came in, but shall go forth over against it.	
Ezekiel 47:11	But the miry places thereof and the marishes thereof shall not be healed; they shall be given to salt.	
Ezekiel 47:18	And the east side ye shall measure from Hauran, and from Damascus, and from Gilead, and from the land of Israel by Jordan, from the border unto the east sea. And this is the east side.	
Ezekiel 47:20	The west side also shall be the great sea from the border, till a man come over against Hamath. This is the west side.	
Ezekiel 47:21	So shall ye divide this land unto you according to the tribes of Israel.	
Ezekiel 47:4	Again he measured a thousand, and brought me through the waters; the waters were to the knees. Again he measured a thousand, and brought me through; the waters were to the loins.	
Ezekiel 47:5	Afterward he measured a thousand; and it was a river that I could not pass over: for the waters were risen, waters to swim in, a river that could not be passed over.	
Ezekiel 48:2	And by the border of Dan, from the east side unto the west side, a portion for Asher.	
Ezekiel 48:21	And the residue shall be for the prince, on the one side and on the other of the holy oblation, and of the possession of the city, over against the five and twenty thousand of the oblation toward the east border, and westward over against the five and twenty thousand toward the west border, over against the portions for the prince: and it shall be the holy oblation; and the sanctuary of the house shall be in the midst thereof.	
Ezekiel 48:22	Moreover from the possession of the Levites, and from the possession of the city, being in the midst of that which is the prince's, between the border of Judah and the border of Benjamin, shall be for the prince.	
Ezekiel 48:24	And by the border of Benjamin, from the east side unto the west side, Simeon shall have a portion.	
Ezekiel 48:26	And by the border of Issachar, from the east side unto the west side, Zebulun a portion.	
Ezekiel 48:34	At the west side four thousand and five hundred, with their three gates; one gate of Gad, one gate of Asher, one gate of Naphtali.	
Ezekiel 48:35	It was round about eighteen thousand measures: and the name of the city from that day shall be, The LORD is there.	
Ezekiel 48:7	And by the border of Reuben, from the east side unto the west side, a portion for Judah.	
Ezekiel 4:11	Thou shalt drink also water by measure, the sixth part of an hin: from time to time shalt thou drink.	
Ezekiel 4:15	Then he said unto me, Lo, I have given thee cow's dung for man's dung, and thou shalt prepare thy bread therewith.	
Ezekiel 4:7	Therefore thou shalt set thy face toward the siege of Jerusalem, and thine arm shall be uncovered, and thou shalt prophesy against it.	
Ezekiel 5:14	Moreover I will make thee waste, and a reproach among the nations that are round about thee, in the sight of all that pass by.	
Ezekiel 5:16	When I shall send upon them the evil arrows of famine, which shall be for their destruction, and which I will send to destroy you: and I will increase the famine upon you, and will break your staff of bread:	
Ezekiel 6:10	And they shall know that I am the LORD, and that I have not said in vain that I would do this evil unto them.	
Ezekiel 6:9	And they that escape of you shall remember me among the nations whither they shall be carried captives, because I am broken with their whorish heart, which hath departed from me, and with their eyes, which go a whoring after their idols: and they shall lothe themselves for the evils which they have committed in all their abominations.	
Ezekiel 7:3	Now is the end come upon thee, and I will send mine anger upon thee, and will judge thee according to thy ways, and will recompense upon thee all thine abominations.	
Ezekiel 8:14	Then he brought me to the door of the gate of the LORD's house which was toward the north; and, behold, there sat women weeping for Tammuz.	
Ezekiel 8:17	Then he said unto me, Hast thou seen this, O son of man? Is it a light thing to the house of Judah that they commit the abominations which they commit here? for they have filled the land with violence, and have returned to provoke me to anger: and, lo, they put the branch to their nose.	
Ezekiel 8:6	He said furthermore unto me, Son of man, seest thou what they do? even the great abominations that the house of Israel committeth here, that I should go far off from my sanctuary? but turn thee yet again, and thou shalt see greater abominations.	
Ezekiel 9:10	And as for me also, mine eye shall not spare, neither will I have pity, but I will recompense their way upon their head.	
Ezekiel 9:11	And, behold, the man clothed with linen, which had the inkhorn by his side, reported the matter, saying, I have done as thou hast commanded me.	
Ezekiel 9:3	And the glory of the God of Israel was gone up from the cherub, whereupon he was, to the threshold of the house. And he called to the man clothed with linen, which had the writer's inkhorn by his side;	
Ezra 10:11	Now therefore make confession unto the LORD God of your fathers, and do his pleasure: and separate yourselves from the people of the land, and from the strange wives.	
Ezra 10:18	And among the sons of the priests there were found that had taken strange wives: namely, of the sons of Jeshua the son of Jozadak, and his brethren; Maaseiah, and Eliezer, and Jarib, and Gedaliah.	
Ezra 10:23	Also of the Levites; Jozabad, and Shimei, and Kelaiah, (the same is Kelita,) Pethahiah, Judah, and Eliezer.	
Ezra 10:25	Moreover of Israel: of the sons of Parosh; Ramiah, and Jeziah, and Malchiah, and Miamin, and Eleazar, and Malchijah, and Benaiah.	
Ezra 10:30	And of the sons of Pahathmoab; Adna, and Chelal, Benaiah, Maaseiah, Mattaniah, Bezaleel, and Binnui, and Manasseh.	
Ezra 10:33	Of the sons of Hashum; Mattenai, Mattathah, Zabad, Eliphelet, Jeremai, Manasseh, and Shimei.	
Ezra 10:38	And Bani, and Binnui, Shimei,	
Ezra 10:39	And Shelemiah, and Nathan, and Adaiah,	
Ezra 10:42	Shallum, Amariah, and Joseph.	
Ezra 10:5	Then arose Ezra, and made the chief priests, the Levites, and all Israel, to swear that they should do according to this word. And they sware.	
Ezra 1:6	And all they that were about them strengthened their hands with vessels of silver, with gold, with goods, and with beasts, and with precious things, beside all that was willingly offered.	
Ezra 1:9	And this is the number of them: thirty chargers of gold, a thousand chargers of silver, nine and twenty knives,	
Ezra 2:15	The children of Adin, four hundred fifty and four.	
Ezra 2:17	The children of Bezai, three hundred twenty and three.	
Ezra 2:2	Which came with Zerubbabel: Jeshua, Nehemiah, Seraiah, Reelaiah, Mordecai, Bilshan, Mizpar, Bigvai, Rehum, Baanah. The number of the men of the people of Israel:	
Ezra 2:20	The children of Gibbar, ninety and five.	
Ezra 2:22	The men of Netophah, fifty and six.	
Ezra 2:23	The men of Anathoth, an hundred twenty and eight.	
Ezra 2:24	The children of Azmaveth, forty and two.	
Ezra 2:27	The men of Michmas, an hundred twenty and two.	
Ezra 2:49	The children of Uzza, the children of Paseah, the children of Besai,	
Ezra 2:55	The children of Solomon's servants: the children of Sotai, the children of Sophereth, the children of Peruda,	
Ezra 2:58	All the Nethinims, and the children of Solomon's servants, were three hundred ninety and two.	
Ezra 2:6	The children of Pahathmoab, of the children of Jeshua and Joab, two thousand eight hundred and twelve.	
Ezra 2:61	And of the children of the priests: the children of Habaiah, the children of Koz, the children of Barzillai; which took a wife of the daughters of Barzillai the Gileadite, and was called after their name:	
Ezra 2:8	The children of Zattu, nine hundred forty and five.	
Ezra 3:3	And they set the altar upon his bases; for fear was upon them because of the people of those countries: and they offered burnt offerings thereon unto the LORD, even burnt offerings morning and evening.	
Ezra 3:7	They gave money also unto the masons, and to the carpenters; and meat, and drink, and oil, unto them of Zidon, and to them of Tyre, to bring cedar trees from Lebanon to the sea of Joppa, according to the grant that they had of Cyrus king of Persia.	
Ezra 3:8	Now in the second year of their coming unto the house of God at Jerusalem, in the second month, began Zerubbabel the son of Shealtiel, and Jeshua the son of Jozadak, and the remnant of their brethren the priests and the Levites, and all they that were come out of the captivity unto Jerusalem; and appointed the Levites, from twenty years old and upward, to set forward the work of the house of the LORD.	
Ezra 3:9	Then stood Jeshua with his sons and his brethren, Kadmiel and his sons, the sons of Judah, together, to set forward the workmen in the house of God: the sons of Henadad, with their sons and their brethren the Levites.	
Ezra 4:10	And the rest of the nations whom the great and noble Asnapper brought over, and set in the cities of Samaria, and the rest that are on this side the river, and at such a time.	
Ezra 4:13	Be it known now unto the king, that, if this city be builded, and the walls set up again, then will they not pay toll, tribute, and custom, and so thou shalt endamage the revenue of the kings.	
Ezra 4:15	That search may be made in the book of the records of thy fathers: so shalt thou find in the book of the records, and know that this city is a rebellious city, and hurtful unto kings and provinces, and that they have moved sedition within the same of old time: for which cause was this city destroyed.	
Ezra 4:17	Then sent the king an answer unto Rehum the chancellor, and to Shimshai the scribe, and to the rest of their companions that dwell in Samaria, and unto the rest beyond the river, Peace, and at such a time.	
Ezra 4:21	Give ye now commandment to cause these men to cease, and that this city be not builded, until another commandment shall be given from me.	
Ezra 4:22	Take heed now that ye fail not to do this: why should damage grow to the hurt of the kings?	
Ezra 4:4	Then the people of the land weakened the hands of the people of Judah, and troubled them in building,	
Ezra 4:5	And hired counsellors against them, to frustrate their purpose, all the days of Cyrus king of Persia, even until the reign of Darius king of Persia.	
Ezra 4:7	And in the days of Artaxerxes wrote Bishlam, Mithredath, Tabeel, and the rest of their companions, unto Artaxerxes king of Persia; and the writing of the letter was written in the Syrian tongue, and interpreted in the Syrian tongue.	
Ezra 5:13	But in the first year of Cyrus the king of Babylon the same king Cyrus made a decree to build this house of God.	
Ezra 5:14	And the vessels also of gold and silver of the house of God, which Nebuchadnezzar took out of the temple that was in Jerusalem, and brought them into the temple of Babylon, those did Cyrus the king take out of the temple of Babylon, and they were delivered unto one, whose name was Sheshbazzar, whom he had made governor;	
Ezra 5:16	Then came the same Sheshbazzar, and laid the foundation of the house of God which is in Jerusalem: and since that time even until now hath it been in building, and yet it is not finished.	
Ezra 5:3	At the same time came to them Tatnai, governor on this side the river, and Shetharboznai and their companions, and said thus unto them, Who hath commanded you to build this house, and to make up this wall?	
Ezra 6:15	And this house was finished on the third day of the month Adar, which was in the sixth year of the reign of Darius the king.	
Ezra 6:5	And also let the golden and silver vessels of the house of God, which Nebuchadnezzar took forth out of the temple which is at Jerusalem, and brought unto Babylon, be restored, and brought again unto the temple which is at Jerusalem, every one to his place, and place them in the house of God.	
Ezra 6:7	Let the work of this house of God alone; let the governor of the Jews and the elders of the Jews build this house of God in his place.	
Ezra 6:9	And that which they have need of, both young bullocks, and rams, and lambs, for the burnt offerings of the God of heaven, wheat, salt, wine, and oil, according to the appointment of the priests which are at Jerusalem, let it be given them day by day without fail:	
Ezra 7:1	Now after these things, in the reign of Artaxerxes king of Persia, Ezra the son of Seraiah, the son of Azariah, the son of Hilkiah,	
Ezra 7:13	I make a decree, that all they of the people of Israel, and of his priests and Levites, in my realm, which are minded of their own freewill to go up to Jerusalem, go with thee.	
Ezra 7:15	And to carry the silver and gold, which the king and his counsellors have freely offered unto the God of Israel, whose habitation is in Jerusalem,	
Ezra 7:19	The vessels also that are given thee for the service of the house of thy God, those deliver thou before the God of Jerusalem.	
Ezra 7:23	Whatsoever is commanded by the God of heaven, let it be diligently done for the house of the God of heaven: for why should there be wrath against the realm of the king and his sons?	
Ezra 7:28	And hath extended mercy unto me before the king, and his counsellors, and before all the king's mighty princes. And I was strengthened as the hand of the LORD my God was upon me, and I gathered together out of Israel chief men to go up with me.	
Ezra 7:3	The son of Amariah, the son of Azariah, the son of Meraioth,	
Ezra 7:7	And there went up some of the children of Israel, and of the priests, and the Levites, and the singers, and the porters, and the Nethinims, unto Jerusalem, in the seventh year of Artaxerxes the king.	
Ezra 8:16	Then sent I for Eliezer, for Ariel, for Shemaiah, and for Elnathan, and for Jarib, and for Elnathan, and for Nathan, and for Zechariah, and for Meshullam, chief men; also for Joiarib, and for Elnathan, men of understanding.	
Ezra 8:18	And by the good hand of our God upon us they brought us a man of understanding, of the sons of Mahli, the son of Levi, the son of Israel; and Sherebiah, with his sons and his brethren, eighteen;	
Ezra 8:24	Then I separated twelve of the chief of the priests, Sherebiah, Hashabiah, and ten of their brethren with them,	
Ezra 8:27	Also twenty basons of gold, of a thousand drams; and two vessels of fine copper, precious as gold.	
Ezra 8:30	So took the priests and the Levites the weight of the silver, and the gold, and the vessels, to bring them to Jerusalem unto the house of our God.	
Ezra 8:36	And they delivered the king's commissions unto the king's lieutenants, and to the governors on this side the river: and they furthered the people, and the house of God.	
Ezra 8:6	Of the sons also of Adin; Ebed the son of Jonathan, and with him fifty males.	
Ezra 9:13	And after all that is come upon us for our evil deeds, and for our great trespass, seeing that thou our God hast punished us less than our iniquities deserve, and hast given us such deliverance as this;	
Ezra 9:14	Should we again break thy commandments, and join in affinity with the people of these abominations? wouldest not thou be angry with us till thou hadst consumed us, so that there should be no remnant nor escaping?	
Ezra 9:3	And when I heard this thing, I rent my garment and my mantle, and plucked off the hair of my head and of my beard, and sat down astonied.	
Ezra 9:4	Then were assembled unto me every one that trembled at the words of the God of Israel, because of the transgression of those that had been carried away; and I sat astonied until the evening sacrifice.	
Ezra 9:5	And at the evening sacrifice I arose up from my heaviness; and having rent my garment and my mantle, I fell upon my knees, and spread out my hands unto the LORD my God,	
Ezra 9:6	And said, O my God, I am ashamed and blush to lift up my face to thee, my God: for our iniquities are increased over our head, and our trespass is grown up unto the heavens.	
Ezra 9:7	Since the days of our fathers have we been in a great trespass unto this day; and for our iniquities have we, our kings, and our priests, been delivered into the hand of the kings of the lands, to the sword, to captivity, and to a spoil, and to confusion of face, as it is this day.	
Ezra 9:8	And now for a little space grace hath been shewed from the LORD our God, to leave us a remnant to escape, and to give us a nail in his holy place, that our God may lighten our eyes, and give us a little reviving in our bondage.	
Galatians 1:10	For do I now persuade men, or God? or do I seek to please men? for if I yet pleased men, I should not be the servant of Christ.	
Galatians 1:14	And profited in the Jews' religion above many my equals in mine own nation, being more exceedingly zealous of the traditions of my fathers.	
Galatians 1:19	But other of the apostles saw I none, save James the Lord's brother.	
Galatians 1:20	Now the things which I write unto you, behold, before God, I lie not.	
Galatians 1:24	And they glorified God in me.	
Galatians 1:3	Grace be to you and peace from God the Father, and from our Lord Jesus Christ,	
Galatians 1:6	I marvel that ye are so soon removed from him that called you into the grace of Christ unto another gospel:	
Galatians 2:17	But if, while we seek to be justified by Christ, we ourselves also are found sinners, is therefore Christ the minister of sin? God forbid.	
Galatians 2:18	For if I build again the things which I destroyed, I make myself a transgressor.	
Galatians 2:21	I do not frustrate the grace of God: for if righteousness come by the law, then Christ is dead in vain.	
Galatians 2:6	But of these who seemed to be somewhat, (whatsoever they were, it maketh no matter to me: God accepteth no man's person:) for they who seemed to be somewhat in conference added nothing to me:	
Galatians 2:7	But contrariwise, when they saw that the gospel of the uncircumcision was committed unto me, as the gospel of the circumcision was unto Peter;	
Galatians 2:9	And when James, Cephas, and John, who seemed to be pillars, perceived the grace that was given unto me, they gave to me and Barnabas the right hands of fellowship; that we should go unto the heathen, and they unto the circumcision.	
Galatians 3:10	For as many as are of the works of the law are under the curse: for it is written, Cursed is every one that continueth not in all things which are written in the book of the law to do them.	
Galatians 3:20	Now a mediator is not a mediator of one, but God is one.	
Galatians 3:8	And the scripture, foreseeing that God would justify the heathen through faith, preached before the gospel unto Abraham, saying, In thee shall all nations be blessed.	
Galatians 4:1	Now I say, That the heir, as long as he is a child, differeth nothing from a servant, though he be lord of all;	
Galatians 4:10	Ye observe days, and months, and times, and years.	
Galatians 4:13	Ye know how through infirmity of the flesh I preached the gospel unto you at the first.	
Galatians 4:14	And my temptation which was in my flesh ye despised not, nor rejected; but received me as an angel of God, even as Christ Jesus.	
Galatians 4:15	Where is then the blessedness ye spake of? for I bear you record, that, if it had been possible, ye would have plucked out your own eyes, and have given them to me.	
Galatians 4:19	My little children, of whom I travail in birth again until Christ be formed in you,	
Galatians 4:2	But is under tutors and governors until the time appointed of the father.	
Galatians 4:22	For it is written, that Abraham had two sons, the one by a bondmaid, the other by a freewoman.	
Galatians 4:26	But Jerusalem which is above is free, which is the mother of us all.	
Galatians 4:29	But as then he that was born after the flesh persecuted him that was born after the Spirit, even so it is now.	
Galatians 4:7	Wherefore thou art no more a servant, but a son; and if a son, then an heir of God through Christ.	
Galatians 4:8	Howbeit then, when ye knew not God, ye did service unto them which by nature are no gods.	
Galatians 5:14	For all the law is fulfilled in one word, even in this; Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself.	
Galatians 5:17	For the flesh lusteth against the Spirit, and the Spirit against the flesh: and these are contrary the one to the other: so that ye cannot do the things that ye would.	
Galatians 5:23	Meekness, temperance: against such there is no law.	
Galatians 5:24	And they that are Christ's have crucified the flesh with the affections and lusts.	
Galatians 5:5	For we through the Spirit wait for the hope of righteousness by faith.	
Galatians 5:7	Ye did run well; who did hinder you that ye should not obey the truth?	
Galatians 6:1	Brethren, if a man be overtaken in a fault, ye which are spiritual, restore such an one in the spirit of meekness; considering thyself, lest thou also be tempted.	
Galatians 6:11	Ye see how large a letter I have written unto you with mine own hand.	
Galatians 6:12	As many as desire to make a fair shew in the flesh, they constrain you to be circumcised; only lest they should suffer persecution for the cross of Christ.	
Galatians 6:14	But God forbid that I should glory, save in the cross of our Lord Jesus Christ, by whom the world is crucified unto me, and I unto the world.	
Galatians 6:3	For if a man think himself to be something, when he is nothing, he deceiveth himself.	
Galatians 6:9	And let us not be weary in well doing: for in due season we shall reap, if we faint not.	
Genesis 10:1	Now these are the generations of the sons of Noah, Shem, Ham, and Japheth: and unto them were sons born after the flood.	
Genesis 10:11	Out of that land went forth Asshur, and builded Nineveh, and the city Rehoboth, and Calah,	
Genesis 10:17	And the Hivite, and the Arkite, and the Sinite,	
Genesis 10:18	And the Arvadite, and the Zemarite, and the Hamathite: and afterward were the families of the Canaanites spread abroad.	
Genesis 10:28	And Obal, and Abimael, and Sheba,	
Genesis 10:31	These are the sons of Shem, after their families, after their tongues, in their lands, after their nations.	
Genesis 10:5	By these were the isles of the Gentiles divided in their lands; every one after his tongue, after their families, in their nations.	
Genesis 10:6	And the sons of Ham; Cush, and Mizraim, and Phut, and Canaan.	
Genesis 10:9	He was a mighty hunter before the LORD: wherefore it is said, Even as Nimrod the mighty hunter before the LORD.	
Genesis 11:10	These are the generations of Shem: Shem was an hundred years old, and begat Arphaxad two years after the flood:	
Genesis 11:11	And Shem lived after he begat Arphaxad five hundred years, and begat sons and daughters.	
Genesis 11:15	And Salah lived after he begat Eber four hundred and three years, and begat sons and daughters.	
Genesis 11:16	And Eber lived four and thirty years, and begat Peleg:	
Genesis 11:17	And Eber lived after he begat Peleg four hundred and thirty years, and begat sons and daughters.	
Genesis 11:19	And Peleg lived after he begat Reu two hundred and nine years, and begat sons and daughters.	
Genesis 11:20	And Reu lived two and thirty years, and begat Serug:	
Genesis 11:27	Now these are the generations of Terah: Terah begat Abram, Nahor, and Haran; and Haran begat Lot.	
Genesis 11:29	And Abram and Nahor took them wives: the name of Abram's wife was Sarai; and the name of Nahor's wife, Milcah, the daughter of Haran, the father of Milcah, and the father of Iscah.	
Genesis 11:3	And they said one to another, Go to, let us make brick, and burn them thoroughly. And they had brick for stone, and slime had they for mortar.	
Genesis 11:4	And they said, Go to, let us build us a city and a tower, whose top may reach unto heaven; and let us make us a name, lest we be scattered abroad upon the face of the whole earth.	
Genesis 11:5	And the LORD came down to see the city and the tower, which the children of men builded.	
Genesis 12:12	Therefore it shall come to pass, when the Egyptians shall see thee, that they shall say, This is his wife: and they will kill me, but they will save thee alive.	
Genesis 12:19	Why saidst thou, She is my sister? so I might have taken her to me to wife: now therefore behold thy wife, take her, and go thy way.	
Genesis 12:5	And Abram took Sarai his wife, and Lot his brother's son, and all their substance that they had gathered, and the souls that they had gotten in Haran; and they went forth to go into the land of Canaan; and into the land of Canaan they came.	
Genesis 12:8	And he removed from thence unto a mountain on the east of Bethel, and pitched his tent, having Bethel on the west, and Hai on the east: and there he builded an altar unto the LORD, and called upon the name of the LORD.	
Genesis 13:10	And Lot lifted up his eyes, and beheld all the plain of Jordan, that it was well watered every where, before the LORD destroyed Sodom and Gomorrah, even as the garden of the LORD, like the land of Egypt, as thou comest unto Zoar.	
Genesis 13:11	Then Lot chose him all the plain of Jordan; and Lot journeyed east: and they separated themselves the one from the other.	
Genesis 13:16	And I will make thy seed as the dust of the earth: so that if a man can number the dust of the earth, then shall thy seed also be numbered.	
Genesis 13:3	And he went on his journeys from the south even to Bethel, unto the place where his tent had been at the beginning, between Bethel and Hai;	
Genesis 13:4	Unto the place of the altar, which he had make there at the first: and there Abram called on the name of the LORD.	
Genesis 13:6	And the land was not able to bear them, that they might dwell together: for their substance was great, so that they could not dwell together.	
Genesis 13:9	Is not the whole land before thee? separate thyself, I pray thee, from me: if thou wilt take the left hand, then I will go to the right; or if thou depart to the right hand, then I will go to the left.	
Genesis 14:12	And they took Lot, Abram's brother's son, who dwelt in Sodom, and his goods, and departed.	
Genesis 14:14	And when Abram heard that his brother was taken captive, he armed his trained servants, born in his own house, three hundred and eighteen, and pursued them unto Dan.	
Genesis 14:18	And Melchizedek king of Salem brought forth bread and wine: and he was the priest of the most high God.	
Genesis 14:19	And he blessed him, and said, Blessed be Abram of the most high God, possessor of heaven and earth:	
Genesis 14:22	And Abram said to the king of Sodom, I have lift up mine hand unto the LORD, the most high God, the possessor of heaven and earth,	
Genesis 14:23	That I will not take from a thread even to a shoelatchet, and that I will not take any thing that is thine, lest thou shouldest say, I have made Abram rich:	
Genesis 14:4	Twelve years they served Chedorlaomer, and in the thirteenth year they rebelled.	
Genesis 15:10	And he took unto him all these, and divided them in the midst, and laid each piece one against another: but the birds divided he not.	
Genesis 15:12	And when the sun was going down, a deep sleep fell upon Abram; and, lo, an horror of great darkness fell upon him.	
Genesis 15:13	And he said unto Abram, Know of a surety that thy seed shall be a stranger in a land that is not theirs, and shall serve them; and they shall afflict them four hundred years;	
Genesis 15:21	And the Amorites, and the Canaanites, and the Girgashites, and the Jebusites.	
Genesis 15:6	And he believed in the LORD; and he counted it to him for righteousness.	
Genesis 15:9	And he said unto him, Take me an heifer of three years old, and a she goat of three years old, and a ram of three years old, and a turtledove, and a young pigeon.	
Genesis 16:1	Now Sarai Abram's wife bare him no children: and she had an handmaid, an Egyptian, whose name was Hagar.	
Genesis 16:14	Wherefore the well was called Beerlahairoi; behold, it is between Kadesh and Bered.	
Genesis 16:2	And Sarai said unto Abram, Behold now, the LORD hath restrained me from bearing: I pray thee, go in unto my maid; it may be that I may obtain children by her. And Abram hearkened to the voice of Sarai.	
Genesis 17:1	And when Abram was ninety years old and nine, the LORD appeared to Abram, and said unto him, I am the Almighty God; walk before me, and be thou perfect.	
Genesis 17:13	He that is born in thy house, and he that is bought with thy money, must needs be circumcised: and my covenant shall be in your flesh for an everlasting covenant.	
Genesis 17:16	And I will bless her, and give thee a son also of her: yea, I will bless her, and she shall be a mother of nations; kings of people shall be of her.	
Genesis 17:19	And God said, Sarah thy wife shall bear thee a son indeed; and thou shalt call his name Isaac: and I will establish my covenant with him for an everlasting covenant, and with his seed after him.	
Genesis 17:20	And as for Ishmael, I have heard thee: Behold, I have blessed him, and will make him fruitful, and will multiply him exceedingly; twelve princes shall he beget, and I will make him a great nation.	
Genesis 17:22	And he left off talking with him, and God went up from Abraham.	
Genesis 17:27	And all the men of his house, born in the house, and bought with money of the stranger, were circumcised with him.	
Genesis 17:4	As for me, behold, my covenant is with thee, and thou shalt be a father of many nations.	
Genesis 18:10	And he said, I will certainly return unto thee according to the time of life; and, lo, Sarah thy wife shall have a son. And Sarah heard it in the tent door, which was behind him.	
Genesis 18:12	Therefore Sarah laughed within herself, saying, After I am waxed old shall I have pleasure, my lord being old also?	
Genesis 18:14	Is any thing too hard for the LORD? At the time appointed I will return unto thee, according to the time of life, and Sarah shall have a son.	
Genesis 18:16	And the men rose up from thence, and looked toward Sodom: and Abraham went with them to bring them on the way.	
Genesis 18:20	And the LORD said, Because the cry of Sodom and Gomorrah is great, and because their sin is very grievous;	
Genesis 18:23	And Abraham drew near, and said, Wilt thou also destroy the righteous with the wicked?	
Genesis 18:26	And the LORD said, If I find in Sodom fifty righteous within the city, then I will spare all the place for their sakes.	
Genesis 18:27	And Abraham answered and said, Behold now, I have taken upon me to speak unto the LORD, which am but dust and ashes:	
Genesis 18:29	And he spake unto him yet again, and said, Peradventure there shall be forty found there. And he said, I will not do it for forty's sake.	
Genesis 18:30	And he said unto him, Oh let not the LORD be angry, and I will speak: Peradventure there shall thirty be found there. And he said, I will not do it, if I find thirty there.	
Genesis 18:6	And Abraham hastened into the tent unto Sarah, and said, Make ready quickly three measures of fine meal, knead it, and make cakes upon the hearth.	
Genesis 19:12	And the men said unto Lot, Hast thou here any besides? son in law, and thy sons, and thy daughters, and whatsoever thou hast in the city, bring them out of this place:	
Genesis 19:15	And when the morning arose, then the angels hastened Lot, saying, Arise, take thy wife, and thy two daughters, which are here; lest thou be consumed in the iniquity of the city.	
Genesis 19:16	And while he lingered, the men laid hold upon his hand, and upon the hand of his wife, and upon the hand of his two daughters; the LORD being merciful unto him: and they brought him forth, and set him without the city.	
Genesis 19:17	And it came to pass, when they had brought them forth abroad, that he said, Escape for thy life; look not behind thee, neither stay thou in all the plain; escape to the mountain, lest thou be consumed.	
Genesis 19:22	Haste thee, escape thither; for I cannot do anything till thou be come thither. Therefore the name of the city was called Zoar.	
Genesis 19:33	And they made their father drink wine that night: and the firstborn went in, and lay with her father; and he perceived not when she lay down, nor when she arose.	
Genesis 19:37	And the first born bare a son, and called his name Moab: the same is the father of the Moabites unto this day.	
Genesis 19:6	And Lot went out at the door unto them, and shut the door after him,	
Genesis 1:11	And God said, Let the earth bring forth grass, the herb yielding seed, and the fruit tree yielding fruit after his kind, whose seed is in itself, upon the earth: and it was so.	
Genesis 1:13	And the evening and the morning were the third day.	
Genesis 1:21	And God created great whales, and every living creature that moveth, which the waters brought forth abundantly, after their kind, and every winged fowl after his kind: and God saw that it was good.	
Genesis 1:30	And to every beast of the earth, and to every fowl of the air, and to every thing that creepeth upon the earth, wherein there is life, I have given every green herb for meat: and it was so.	
Genesis 1:31	And God saw every thing that he had made, and, behold, it was very good. And the evening and the morning were the sixth day.	
Genesis 1:6	And God said, Let there be a firmament in the midst of the waters, and let it divide the waters from the waters.	
Genesis 20:10	And Abimelech said unto Abraham, What sawest thou, that thou hast done this thing?	
Genesis 20:11	And Abraham said, Because I thought, Surely the fear of God is not in this place; and they will slay me for my wife's sake.	
Genesis 20:15	And Abimelech said, Behold, my land is before thee: dwell where it pleaseth thee.	
Genesis 20:16	And unto Sarah he said, Behold, I have given thy brother a thousand pieces of silver: behold, he is to thee a covering of the eyes, unto all that are with thee, and with all other: thus she was reproved.	
Genesis 20:17	So Abraham prayed unto God: and God healed Abimelech, and his wife, and his maidservants; and they bare children.	
Genesis 20:18	For the LORD had fast closed up all the wombs of the house of Abimelech, because of Sarah Abraham's wife.	
Genesis 20:2	And Abraham said of Sarah his wife, She is my sister: and Abimelech king of Gerar sent, and took Sarah.	
Genesis 20:9	Then Abimelech called Abraham, and said unto him, What hast thou done unto us? and what have I offended thee, that thou hast brought on me and on my kingdom a great sin? thou hast done deeds unto me that ought not to be done.	
Genesis 21:12	And God said unto Abraham, Let it not be grievous in thy sight because of the lad, and because of thy bondwoman; in all that Sarah hath said unto thee, hearken unto her voice; for in Isaac shall thy seed be called.	
Genesis 21:13	And also of the son of the bondwoman will I make a nation, because he is thy seed.	
Genesis 21:17	And God heard the voice of the lad; and the angel of God called to Hagar out of heaven, and said unto her, What aileth thee, Hagar? fear not; for God hath heard the voice of the lad where he is.	
Genesis 21:20	And God was with the lad; and he grew, and dwelt in the wilderness, and became an archer.	
Genesis 21:24	And Abraham said, I will swear.	
Genesis 21:29	And Abimelech said unto Abraham, What mean these seven ewe lambs which thou hast set by themselves?	
Genesis 21:3	And Abraham called the name of his son that was born unto him, whom Sarah bare to him, Isaac.	
Genesis 21:32	Thus they made a covenant at Beersheba: then Abimelech rose up, and Phichol the chief captain of his host, and they returned into the land of the Philistines.	
Genesis 21:6	And Sarah said, God hath made me to laugh, so that all that hear will laugh with me.	
Genesis 22:10	And Abraham stretched forth his hand, and took the knife to slay his son.	
Genesis 22:13	And Abraham lifted up his eyes, and looked, and behold behind him a ram caught in a thicket by his horns: and Abraham went and took the ram, and offered him up for a burnt offering in the stead of his son.	
Genesis 22:16	And said, By myself have I sworn, saith the LORD, for because thou hast done this thing, and hast not withheld thy son, thine only son:	
Genesis 23:3	And Abraham stood up from before his dead, and spake unto the sons of Heth, saying,	
Genesis 23:4	I am a stranger and a sojourner with you: give me a possession of a buryingplace with you, that I may bury my dead out of my sight.	
Genesis 23:6	Hear us, my lord: thou art a mighty prince among us: in the choice of our sepulchres bury thy dead; none of us shall withhold from thee his sepulchre, but that thou mayest bury thy dead.	
Genesis 23:7	And Abraham stood up, and bowed himself to the people of the land, even to the children of Heth.	
Genesis 23:8	And he communed with them, saying, If it be your mind that I should bury my dead out of my sight; hear me, and entreat for me to Ephron the son of Zohar,	
Genesis 24:11	And he made his camels to kneel down without the city by a well of water at the time of the evening, even the time that women go out to draw water.	
Genesis 24:13	Behold, I stand here by the well of water; and the daughters of the men of the city come out to draw water:	
Genesis 24:16	And the damsel was very fair to look upon, a virgin, neither had any man known her: and she went down to the well, and filled her pitcher, and came up.	
Genesis 24:17	And the servant ran to meet her, and said, Let me, I pray thee, drink a little water of thy pitcher.	
Genesis 24:18	And she said, Drink, my lord: and she hasted, and let down her pitcher upon her hand, and gave him drink.	
Genesis 24:2	And Abraham said unto his eldest servant of his house, that ruled over all that he had, Put, I pray thee, thy hand under my thigh:	
Genesis 24:3	And I will make thee swear by the LORD, the God of heaven, and the God of the earth, that thou shalt not take a wife unto my son of the daughters of the Canaanites, among whom I dwell:	
Genesis 24:30	And it came to pass, when he saw the earring and bracelets upon his sister's hands, and when he heard the words of Rebekah his sister, saying, Thus spake the man unto me; that he came unto the man; and, behold, he stood by the camels at the well.	
Genesis 24:34	And he said, I am Abraham's servant.	
Genesis 24:35	And the LORD hath blessed my master greatly; and he is become great: and he hath given him flocks, and herds, and silver, and gold, and menservants, and maidservants, and camels, and asses.	
Genesis 24:40	And he said unto me, The LORD, before whom I walk, will send his angel with thee, and prosper thy way; and thou shalt take a wife for my son of my kindred, and of my father's house:	
Genesis 24:42	And I came this day unto the well, and said, O LORD God of my master Abraham, if now thou do prosper my way which I go:	
Genesis 24:49	And now if ye will deal kindly and truly with my master, tell me: and if not, tell me; that I may turn to the right hand, or to the left.	
Genesis 24:5	And the servant said unto him, Peradventure the woman will not be willing to follow me unto this land: must I needs bring thy son again unto the land from whence thou camest?	
Genesis 24:6	And Abraham said unto him, Beware thou that thou bring not my son thither again.	
Genesis 24:66	And the servant told Isaac all things that he had done.	
Genesis 25:1	Then again Abraham took a wife, and her name was Keturah.	
Genesis 25:14	And Mishma, and Dumah, and Massa,	
Genesis 25:2	And she bare him Zimran, and Jokshan, and Medan, and Midian, and Ishbak, and Shuah.	
Genesis 25:26	And after that came his brother out, and his hand took hold on Esau's heel; and his name was called Jacob: and Isaac was threescore years old when she bare them.	
Genesis 25:27	And the boys grew: and Esau was a cunning hunter, a man of the field; and Jacob was a plain man, dwelling in tents.	
Genesis 25:28	And Isaac loved Esau, because he did eat of his venison: but Rebekah loved Jacob.	
Genesis 25:3	And Jokshan begat Sheba, and Dedan. And the sons of Dedan were Asshurim, and Letushim, and Leummim.	
Genesis 25:30	And Esau said to Jacob, Feed me, I pray thee, with that same red pottage; for I am faint: therefore was his name called Edom.	
Genesis 25:7	And these are the days of the years of Abraham's life which he lived, an hundred threescore and fifteen years.	
Genesis 26:16	And Abimelech said unto Isaac, Go from us; for thou art much mightier than we.	
Genesis 26:18	And Isaac digged again the wells of water, which they had digged in the days of Abraham his father; for the Philistines had stopped them after the death of Abraham: and he called their names after the names by which his father had called them.	
Genesis 26:21	And they digged another well, and strove for that also: and he called the name of it Sitnah.	
Genesis 26:24	And the LORD appeared unto him the same night, and said, I am the God of Abraham thy father: fear not, for I am with thee, and will bless thee, and multiply thy seed for my servant Abraham's sake.	
Genesis 26:25	And he builded an altar there, and called upon the name of the LORD, and pitched his tent there: and there Isaac's servants digged a well.	
Genesis 26:27	And Isaac said unto them, Wherefore come ye to me, seeing ye hate me, and have sent me away from you?	
Genesis 26:28	And they said, We saw certainly that the LORD was with thee: and we said, Let there be now an oath betwixt us, even betwixt us and thee, and let us make a covenant with thee;	
Genesis 26:31	And they rose up betimes in the morning, and sware one to another: and Isaac sent them away, and they departed from him in peace.	
Genesis 27:1	And it came to pass, that when Isaac was old, and his eyes were dim, so that he could not see, he called Esau his eldest son, and said unto him, My son: and he said unto him, Behold, here am I.	
Genesis 27:13	And his mother said unto him, Upon me be thy curse, my son: only obey my voice, and go fetch me them.	
Genesis 27:15	And Rebekah took goodly raiment of her eldest son Esau, which were with her in the house, and put them upon Jacob her younger son:	
Genesis 27:16	And she put the skins of the kids of the goats upon his hands, and upon the smooth of his neck:	
Genesis 27:21	And Isaac said unto Jacob, Come near, I pray thee, that I may feel thee, my son, whether thou be my very son Esau or not.	
Genesis 27:22	And Jacob went near unto Isaac his father; and he felt him, and said, The voice is Jacob's voice, but the hands are the hands of Esau.	
Genesis 27:24	And he said, Art thou my very son Esau? And he said, I am.	
Genesis 27:25	And he said, Bring it near to me, and I will eat of my son's venison, that my soul may bless thee. And he brought it near to him, and he did eat: and he brought him wine and he drank.	
Genesis 27:28	Therefore God give thee of the dew of heaven, and the fatness of the earth, and plenty of corn and wine:	
Genesis 27:36	And he said, Is not he rightly named Jacob? for he hath supplanted me these two times: he took away my birthright; and, behold, now he hath taken away my blessing. And he said, Hast thou not reserved a blessing for me?	
Genesis 27:39	And Isaac his father answered and said unto him, Behold, thy dwelling shall be the fatness of the earth, and of the dew of heaven from above;	
Genesis 27:4	And make me savory meat, such as I love, and bring it to me, that I may eat; that my soul may bless thee before I die.	
Genesis 27:5	And Rebekah heard when Isaac spake to Esau his son. And Esau went to the field to hunt for venison, and to bring it.	
Genesis 28:10	And Jacob went out from Beersheba, and went toward Haran.	
Genesis 28:5	And Isaac sent away Jacob: and he went to Padanaram unto Laban, son of Bethuel the Syrian, the brother of Rebekah, Jacob's and Esau's mother.	
Genesis 28:7	And that Jacob obeyed his father and his mother, and was gone to Padanaram;	
Genesis 29:11	And Jacob kissed Rachel, and lifted up his voice, and wept.	
Genesis 29:13	And it came to pass, when Laban heard the tidings of Jacob his sister's son, that he ran to meet him, and embraced him, and kissed him, and brought him to his house. And he told Laban all these things.	
Genesis 29:16	And Laban had two daughters: the name of the elder was Leah, and the name of the younger was Rachel.	
Genesis 29:17	Leah was tender eyed; but Rachel was beautiful and well favored.	
Genesis 29:24	And Laban gave unto his daughter Leah Zilpah his maid for an handmaid.	
Genesis 29:28	And Jacob did so, and fulfilled her week: and he gave him Rachel his daughter to wife also.	
Genesis 29:29	And Laban gave to Rachel his daughter Bilhah his handmaid to be her maid.	
Genesis 29:3	And thither were all the flocks gathered: and they rolled the stone from the well's mouth, and watered the sheep, and put the stone again upon the well's mouth in his place.	
Genesis 29:31	And when the LORD saw that Leah was hated, he opened her womb: but Rachel was barren.	
Genesis 29:33	And she conceived again, and bare a son; and said, Because the LORD hath heard I was hated, he hath therefore given me this son also: and she called his name Simeon.	
Genesis 29:34	And she conceived again, and bare a son; and said, Now this time will my husband be joined unto me, because I have born him three sons: therefore was his name called Levi.	
Genesis 29:7	And he said, Lo, it is yet high day, neither is it time that the cattle should be gathered together: water ye the sheep, and go and feed them.	
Genesis 29:9	And while he yet spake with them, Rachel came with her father's sheep; for she kept them.	
Genesis 2:10	And a river went out of Eden to water the garden; and from thence it was parted, and became into four heads.	
Genesis 2:11	The name of the first is Pison: that is it which compasseth the whole land of Havilah, where there is gold;	
Genesis 2:24	Therefore shall a man leave his father and his mother, and shall cleave unto his wife: and they shall be one flesh.	
Genesis 2:9	And out of the ground made the LORD God to grow every tree that is pleasant to the sight, and good for food; the tree of life also in the midst of the garden, and the tree of knowledge of good and evil.	
Genesis 30:12	And Zilpah Leah's maid bare Jacob a second son.	
Genesis 30:14	And Reuben went in the days of wheat harvest, and found mandrakes in the field, and brought them unto his mother Leah. Then Rachel said to Leah, Give me, I pray thee, of thy son's mandrakes.	
Genesis 30:16	And Jacob came out of the field in the evening, and Leah went out to meet him, and said, Thou must come in unto me; for surely I have hired thee with my son's mandrakes. And he lay with her that night.	
Genesis 30:17	And God hearkened unto Leah, and she conceived, and bare Jacob the fifth son.	
Genesis 30:23	And she conceived, and bare a son; and said, God hath taken away my reproach:	
Genesis 30:27	And Laban said unto him, I pray thee, if I have found favor in thine eyes, tarry: for I have learned by experience that the LORD hath blessed me for thy sake.	
Genesis 30:38	And he set the rods which he had pilled before the flocks in the gutters in the watering troughs when the flocks came to drink, that they should conceive when they came to drink.	
Genesis 30:42	But when the cattle were feeble, he put them not in: so the feebler were Laban's, and the stronger Jacob's.	
Genesis 30:43	And the man increased exceedingly, and had much cattle, and maidservants, and menservants, and camels, and asses.	
Genesis 30:7	And Bilhah Rachel's maid conceived again, and bare Jacob a second son.	
Genesis 31:12	And he said, Lift up now thine eyes, and see, all the rams which leap upon the cattle are ring-streaked, speckled, and grizzled: for I have seen all that Laban doeth unto thee.	
Genesis 31:13	I am the God of Bethel, where thou anointedst the pillar, and where thou vowedst a vow unto me: now arise, get thee out from this land, and return unto the land of thy kindred.	
Genesis 31:18	And he carried away all his cattle, and all his goods which he had gotten, the cattle of his getting, which he had gotten in Padanaram, for to go to Isaac his father in the land of Canaan.	
Genesis 31:24	And God came to Laban the Syrian in a dream by night, and said unto him, Take heed that thou speak not to Jacob either good or bad.	
Genesis 31:36	And Jacob was wroth, and chode with Laban: and Jacob answered and said to Laban, What is my trespass? what is my sin, that thou hast so hotly pursued after me?	
Genesis 31:47	And Laban called it Jegarsahadutha: but Jacob called it Galeed.	
Genesis 31:50	If thou shalt afflict my daughters, or if thou shalt take other wives beside my daughters, no man is with us; see, God is witness betwixt me and thee.	
Genesis 31:51	And Laban said to Jacob, Behold this heap, and behold this pillar, which I have cast betwixt me and thee:	
Genesis 31:9	Thus God hath taken away the cattle of your father, and given them to me.	
Genesis 32:11	Deliver me, I pray thee, from the hand of my brother, from the hand of Esau: for I fear him, lest he will come and smite me, and the mother with the children.	
Genesis 32:14	Two hundred she goats, and twenty he goats, two hundred ewes, and twenty rams,	
Genesis 32:15	Thirty milch camels with their colts, forty kine, and ten bulls, twenty she asses, and ten foals.	
Genesis 32:19	And so commanded he the second, and the third, and all that followed the droves, saying, On this manner shall ye speak unto Esau, when ye find him.	
Genesis 32:22	And he rose up that night, and took his two wives, and his two womenservants, and his eleven sons, and passed over the ford Jabbok.	
Genesis 32:23	And he took them, and sent them over the brook, and sent over that he had.	
Genesis 32:25	And when he saw that he prevailed not against him, he touched the hollow of his thigh; and the hollow of Jacob's thigh was out of joint, as he wrestled with him.	
Genesis 32:31	And as he passed over Penuel the sun rose upon him, and he halted upon his thigh.	
Genesis 33:15	And Esau said, Let me now leave with thee some of the folk that are with me. And he said, What needeth it? let me find grace in the sight of my lord.	
Genesis 33:18	And Jacob came to Shalem, a city of Shechem, which is in the land of Canaan, when he came from Padanaram; and pitched his tent before the city.	
Genesis 33:6	Then the handmaidens came near, they and their children, and they bowed themselves.	
Genesis 34:1	And Dinah the daughter of Leah, which she bare unto Jacob, went out to see the daughters of the land.	
Genesis 34:24	And unto Hamor and unto Shechem his son hearkened all that went out of the gate of his city; and every male was circumcised, all that went out of the gate of his city.	
Genesis 34:26	And they slew Hamor and Shechem his son with the edge of the sword, and took Dinah out of Shechem's house, and went out.	
Genesis 34:3	And his soul clave unto Dinah the daughter of Jacob, and he loved the damsel, and spake kindly unto the damsel.	
Genesis 35:19	And Rachel died, and was buried in the way to Ephrath, which is Bethlehem.	
Genesis 35:20	And Jacob set a pillar upon her grave: that is the pillar of Rachel's grave unto this day.	
Genesis 35:25	And the sons of Bilhah, Rachel's handmaid; Dan, and Naphtali:	
Genesis 35:3	And let us arise, and go up to Bethel; and I will make there an altar unto God, who answered me in the day of my distress, and was with me in the way which I went.	
Genesis 35:7	And he built there an altar, and called the place Elbethel: because there God appeared unto him, when he fled from the face of his brother.	
Genesis 36:10	These are the names of Esau's sons; Eliphaz the son of Adah the wife of Esau, Reuel the son of Bashemath the wife of Esau.	
Genesis 36:12	And Timna was concubine to Eliphaz Esau's son; and she bare to Eliphaz Amalek: these were the sons of Adah Esau's wife.	
Genesis 36:14	And these were the sons of Aholibamah, the daughter of Anah the daughter of Zibeon, Esau's wife: and she bare to Esau Jeush, and Jaalam, and Korah.	
Genesis 36:15	These were dukes of the sons of Esau: the sons of Eliphaz the firstborn son of Esau; duke Teman, duke Omar, duke Zepho, duke Kenaz,	
Genesis 36:16	Duke Korah, duke Gatam, and duke Amalek: these are the dukes that came of Eliphaz in the land of Edom; these were the sons of Adah.	
Genesis 36:18	And these are the sons of Aholibamah Esau's wife; duke Jeush, duke Jaalam, duke Korah: these were the dukes that came of Aholibamah the daughter of Anah, Esau's wife.	
Genesis 36:19	These are the sons of Esau, who is Edom, and these are their dukes.	
Genesis 36:2	Esau took his wives of the daughters of Canaan; Adah the daughter of Elon the Hittite, and Aholibamah the daughter of Anah the daughter of Zibeon the Hivite;	
Genesis 36:24	And these are the children of Zibeon; both Ajah, and Anah: this was that Anah that found the mules in the wilderness, as he fed the asses of Zibeon his father.	
Genesis 36:29	These are the dukes that came of the Horites; duke Lotan, duke Shobal, duke Zibeon, duke Anah,	
Genesis 36:34	And Jobab died, and Husham of the land of Temani reigned in his stead.	
Genesis 36:43	Duke Magdiel, duke Iram: these be the dukes of Edom, according to their habitations in the land of their possession: he is Esau the father of the Edomites.	
Genesis 37:1	And Jacob dwelt in the land wherein his father was a stranger, in the land of Canaan.	
Genesis 37:10	And he told it to his father, and to his brethren: and his father rebuked him, and said unto him, What is this dream that thou hast dreamed? Shall I and thy mother and thy brethren indeed come to bow down ourselves to thee to the earth?	
Genesis 37:11	And his brethren envied him; but his father observed the saying.	
Genesis 37:12	And his brethren went to feed their father's flock in Shechem.	
Genesis 37:15	And a certain man found him, and, behold, he was wandering in the field: and the man asked him, saying, What seekest thou?	
Genesis 37:16	And he said, I seek my brethren: tell me, I pray thee, where they feed their flocks.	
Genesis 37:20	Come now therefore, and let us slay him, and cast him into some pit, and we will say, Some evil beast hath devoured him: and we shall see what will become of his dreams.	
Genesis 37:21	And Reuben heard it, and he delivered him out of their hands; and said, Let us not kill him.	
Genesis 37:29	And Reuben returned unto the pit; and, behold, Joseph was not in the pit; and he rent his clothes.	
Genesis 37:6	And he said unto them, Hear, I pray you, this dream which I have dreamed:	
Genesis 38:1	And it came to pass at that time, that Judah went down from his brethren, and turned in to a certain Adullamite, whose name was Hirah.	
Genesis 38:17	And he said, I will send thee a kid from the flock. And she said, Wilt thou give me a pledge, till thou send it?	
Genesis 38:18	And he said, What pledge shall I give thee? And she said, Thy signet, and thy bracelets, and thy staff that is in thine hand. And he gave it her, and came in unto her, and she conceived by him.	
Genesis 38:24	And it came to pass about three months after, that it was told Judah, saying, Tamar thy daughter in law hath played the harlot; and also, behold, she is with child by whoredom. And Judah said, Bring her forth, and let her be burnt.	
Genesis 38:26	And Judah acknowledged them, and said, She hath been more righteous than I; because that I gave her not to Shelah my son. And he knew her again no more.	
Genesis 38:29	And it came to pass, as he drew back his hand, that, behold, his brother came out: and she said, How hast thou broken forth? this breach be upon thee: therefore his name was called Pharez.	
Genesis 38:4	And she conceived again, and bare a son; and she called his name Onan.	
Genesis 38:7	And Er, Judah's firstborn, was wicked in the sight of the LORD; and the LORD slew him.	
Genesis 38:8	And Judah said unto Onan, Go in unto thy brother's wife, and marry her, and raise up seed to thy brother.	
Genesis 39:14	That she called unto the men of her house, and spake unto them, saying, See, he hath brought in an Hebrew unto us to mock us; he came in unto me to lie with me, and I cried with a loud voice:	
Genesis 39:17	And she spake unto him according to these words, saying, The Hebrew servant, which thou hast brought unto us, came in unto me to mock me:	
Genesis 39:2	And the LORD was with Joseph, and he was a prosperous man; and he was in the house of his master the Egyptian.	
Genesis 39:22	And the keeper of the prison committed to Joseph's hand all the prisoners that were in the prison; and whatsoever they did there, he was the doer of it.	
Genesis 39:3	And his master saw that the LORD was with him, and that the LORD made all that he did to prosper in his hand.	
Genesis 39:5	And it came to pass from the time that he had made him overseer in his house, and over all that he had, that the LORD blessed the Egyptian's house for Joseph's sake; and the blessing of the LORD was upon all that he had in the house, and in the field.	
Genesis 39:6	And he left all that he had in Joseph's hand; and he knew not ought he had, save the bread which he did eat. And Joseph was a goodly person, and well favored.	
Genesis 3:1	Now the serpent was more subtil than any beast of the field which the LORD God had made. And he said unto the woman, Yea, hath God said, Ye shall not eat of every tree of the garden?	
Genesis 3:14	And the LORD God said unto the serpent, Because thou hast done this, thou art cursed above all cattle, and above every beast of the field; upon thy belly shalt thou go, and dust shalt thou eat all the days of thy life:	
Genesis 3:15	And I will put enmity between thee and the woman, and between thy seed and her seed; it shall bruise thy head, and thou shalt bruise his heel.	
Genesis 3:16	Unto the woman he said, I will greatly multiply thy sorrow and thy conception; in sorrow thou shalt bring forth children; and thy desire shall be to thy husband, and he shall rule over thee.	
Genesis 3:19	In the sweat of thy face shalt thou eat bread, till thou return unto the ground; for out of it wast thou taken: for dust thou art, and unto dust shalt thou return.	
Genesis 3:22	And the LORD God said, Behold, the man is become as one of us, to know good and evil: and now, lest he put forth his hand, and take also of the tree of life, and eat, and live for ever:	
Genesis 3:9	And the LORD God called unto Adam, and said unto him, Where art thou?	
Genesis 40:14	But think on me when it shall be well with thee, and show kindness, I pray thee, unto me, and make mention of me unto Pharaoh, and bring me out of this house:	
Genesis 40:2	And Pharaoh was wroth against two of his officers, against the chief of the butlers, and against the chief of the bakers.	
Genesis 40:21	And he restored the chief butler unto his butlership again; and he gave the cup into Pharaoh's hand:	
Genesis 40:4	And the captain of the guard charged Joseph with them, and he served them: and they continued a season in ward.	
Genesis 40:6	And Joseph came in unto them in the morning, and looked upon them, and, behold, they were sad.	
Genesis 41:11	And we dreamed a dream in one night, I and he; we dreamed each man according to the interpretation of his dream.	
Genesis 41:18	And, behold, there came up out of the river seven kine, fatfleshed and well favored; and they fed in a meadow:	
Genesis 41:19	And, behold, seven other kine came up after them, poor and very ill favored and leanfleshed, such as I never saw in all the land of Egypt for badness:	
Genesis 41:23	And, behold, seven ears, withered, thin, and blasted with the east wind, sprung up after them:	
Genesis 41:24	And the thin ears devoured the seven good ears: and I told this unto the magicians; but there was none that could declare it to me.	
Genesis 41:25	And Joseph said unto Pharaoh, The dream of Pharaoh is one: God hath showed Pharaoh what he is about to do.	
Genesis 41:35	And let them gather all the food of those good years that come, and lay up corn under the hand of Pharaoh, and let them keep food in the cities.	
Genesis 41:37	And the thing was good in the eyes of Pharaoh, and in the eyes of all his servants.	
Genesis 41:4	And the ill favored and leanfleshed kine did eat up the seven well favored and fat kine. So Pharaoh awoke.	
Genesis 41:47	And in the seven plenteous years the earth brought forth by handfuls.	
Genesis 41:50	And unto Joseph were born two sons before the years of famine came, which Asenath the daughter of Potipherah priest of On bare unto him.	
Genesis 41:8	And it came to pass in the morning that his spirit was troubled; and he sent and called for all the magicians of Egypt, and all the wise men thereof: and Pharaoh told them his dream; but there was none that could interpret them unto Pharaoh.	
Genesis 42:1	Now when Jacob saw that there was corn in Egypt, Jacob said unto his sons, Why do ye look one upon another?	
Genesis 42:13	And they said, Thy servants are twelve brethren, the sons of one man in the land of Canaan; and, behold, the youngest is this day with our father, and one is not.	
Genesis 42:21	And they said one to another, We are verily guilty concerning our brother, in that we saw the anguish of his soul, when he besought us, and we would not hear; therefore is this distress come upon us.	
Genesis 42:23	And they knew not that Joseph understood them; for he spake unto them by an interpreter.	
Genesis 42:27	And as one of them opened his sack to give his ass provender in the inn, he espied his money; for, behold, it was in his sack's mouth.	
Genesis 42:37	And Reuben spake unto his father, saying, Slay my two sons, if I bring him not to thee: deliver him into my hand, and I will bring him to thee again.	
Genesis 42:8	And Joseph knew his brethren, but they knew not him.	
Genesis 42:9	And Joseph remembered the dreams which he dreamed of them, and said unto them, Ye are spies; to see the nakedness of the land ye are come.	
Genesis 43:13	Take also your brother, and arise, go again unto the man:	
Genesis 43:16	And when Joseph saw Benjamin with them, he said to the ruler of his house, Bring these men home, and slay, and make ready; for these men shall dine with me at noon.	
Genesis 43:21	And it came to pass, when we came to the inn, that we opened our sacks, and, behold, every man's money was in the mouth of his sack, our money in full weight: and we have brought it again in our hand.	
Genesis 43:24	And the man brought the men into Joseph's house, and gave them water, and they washed their feet; and he gave their asses provender.	
Genesis 43:27	And he asked them of their welfare, and said, Is your father well, the old man of whom ye spake? Is he yet alive?	
Genesis 43:3	And Judah spake unto him, saying, The man did solemnly protest unto us, saying, Ye shall not see my face, except your brother be with you.	
Genesis 43:34	And he took and sent messes unto them from before him: but Benjamin's mess was five times so much as any of theirs. And they drank, and were merry with him.	
Genesis 43:5	But if thou wilt not send him, we will not go down: for the man said unto us, Ye shall not see my face, except your brother be with you.	
Genesis 43:7	And they said, The man asked us straitly of our state, and of our kindred, saying, Is your father yet alive? have ye another brother? and we told him according to the tenor of these words: could we certainly know that he would say, Bring your brother down?	
Genesis 44:1	And he commanded the steward of his house, saying, Fill the men's sacks with food, as much as they can carry, and put every man's money in his sack's mouth.	
Genesis 44:10	And he said, Now also let it be according unto your words: he with whom it is found shall be my servant; and ye shall be blameless.	
Genesis 44:11	Then they speedily took down every man his sack to the ground, and opened every man his sack.	
Genesis 44:13	Then they rent their clothes, and laded every man his ass, and returned to the city.	
Genesis 44:2	And put my cup, the silver cup, in the sack's mouth of the youngest, and his corn money. And he did according to the word that Joseph had spoken.	
Genesis 44:23	And thou saidst unto thy servants, Except your youngest brother come down with you, ye shall see my face no more.	
Genesis 44:26	And we said, We cannot go down: if our youngest brother be with us, then will we go down: for we may not see the man's face, except our youngest brother be with us.	
Genesis 44:28	And the one went out from me, and I said, Surely he is torn in pieces; and I saw him not since:	
Genesis 44:31	It shall come to pass, when he seeth that the lad is not with us, that he will die: and thy servants shall bring down the gray hairs of thy servant our father with sorrow to the grave.	
Genesis 44:32	For thy servant became surety for the lad unto my father, saying, If I bring him not unto thee, then I shall bear the blame to my father for ever.	
Genesis 44:33	Now therefore, I pray thee, let thy servant abide instead of the lad a bondman to my lord; and let the lad go up with his brethren.	
Genesis 44:7	And they said unto him, Wherefore saith my lord these words? God forbid that thy servants should do according to this thing:	
Genesis 45:12	And, behold, your eyes see, and the eyes of my brother Benjamin, that it is my mouth that speaketh unto you.	
Genesis 45:21	And the children of Israel did so: and Joseph gave them wagons, according to the commandment of Pharaoh, and gave them provision for the way.	
Genesis 45:4	And Joseph said unto his brethren, Come near to me, I pray you. And they came near. And he said, I am Joseph your brother, whom ye sold into Egypt.	
Genesis 45:6	For these two years hath the famine been in the land: and yet there are five years, in the which there shall neither be earing nor harvest.	
Genesis 45:8	So now it was not you that sent me hither, but God: and he hath made me a father to Pharaoh, and lord of all his house, and a ruler throughout all the land of Egypt.	
Genesis 46:12	And the sons of Judah; Er, and Onan, and Shelah, and Pharez, and Zarah: but Er and Onan died in the land of Canaan. And the sons of Pharez were Hezron and Hamul.	
Genesis 46:20	And unto Joseph in the land of Egypt were born Manasseh and Ephraim, which Asenath the daughter of Potipherah priest of On bare unto him.	
Genesis 46:28	And he sent Judah before him unto Joseph, to direct his face unto Goshen; and they came into the land of Goshen.	
Genesis 46:3	And he said, I am God, the God of thy father: fear not to go down into Egypt; for I will there make of thee a great nation:	
Genesis 46:32	And the men are shepherds, for their trade hath been to feed cattle; and they have brought their flocks, and their herds, and all that they have.	
Genesis 46:34	That ye shall say, Thy servants' trade hath been about cattle from our youth even until now, both we, and also our fathers: that ye may dwell in the land of Goshen; for every shepherd is an abomination unto the Egyptians.	
Genesis 46:5	And Jacob rose up from Beersheba: and the sons of Israel carried Jacob their father, and their little ones, and their wives, in the wagons which Pharaoh had sent to carry him.	
Genesis 47:10	And Jacob blessed Pharaoh, and went out from before Pharaoh.	
Genesis 47:12	And Joseph nourished his father, and his brethren, and all his father's household, with bread, according to their families.	
Genesis 47:14	And Joseph gathered up all the money that was found in the land of Egypt, and in the land of Canaan, for the corn which they bought: and Joseph brought the money into Pharaoh's house.	
Genesis 47:18	When that year was ended, they came unto him the second year, and said unto him, We will not hide it from my lord, how that our money is spent; my lord also hath our herds of cattle; there is not ought left in the sight of my lord, but our bodies, and our lands:	
Genesis 47:19	Wherefore shall we die before thine eyes, both we and our land? buy us and our land for bread, and we and our land will be servants unto Pharaoh: and give us seed, that we may live, and not die, that the land be not desolate.	
Genesis 47:20	And Joseph bought all the land of Egypt for Pharaoh; for the Egyptians sold every man his field, because the famine prevailed over them: so the land became Pharaoh's.	
Genesis 47:22	Only the land of the priests bought he not; for the priests had a portion assigned them of Pharaoh, and did eat their portion which Pharaoh gave them: wherefore they sold not their lands.	
Genesis 47:25	And they said, Thou hast saved our lives: let us find grace in the sight of my lord, and we will be Pharaoh's servants.	
Genesis 47:28	And Jacob lived in the land of Egypt seventeen years: so the whole age of Jacob was an hundred forty and seven years.	
Genesis 47:29	And the time drew nigh that Israel must die: and he called his son Joseph, and said unto him, If now I have found grace in thy sight, put, I pray thee, thy hand under my thigh, and deal kindly and truly with me; bury me not, I pray thee, in Egypt:	
Genesis 47:4	They said moreover unto Pharaoh, For to sojourn in the land are we come; for thy servants have no pasture for their flocks; for the famine is sore in the land of Canaan: now therefore, we pray thee, let thy servants dwell in the land of Goshen.	
Genesis 47:8	And Pharaoh said unto Jacob, How old art thou?	
Genesis 48:10	Now the eyes of Israel were dim for age, so that he could not see. And he brought them near unto him; and he kissed them, and embraced them.	
Genesis 48:15	And he blessed Joseph, and said, God, before whom my fathers Abraham and Isaac did walk, the God which fed me all my life long unto this day,	
Genesis 48:19	And his father refused, and said, I know it, my son, I know it: he also shall become a people, and he also shall be great: but truly his younger brother shall be greater than he, and his seed shall become a multitude of nations.	
Genesis 48:2	And one told Jacob, and said, Behold, thy son Joseph cometh unto thee: and Israel strengthened himself, and sat upon the bed.	
Genesis 49:13	Zebulun shall dwell at the haven of the sea; and he shall be for an haven of ships; and his border shall be unto Zidon.	
Genesis 49:15	And he saw that rest was good, and the land that it was pleasant; and bowed his shoulder to bear, and became a servant unto tribute.	
Genesis 49:19	Gad, a troop shall overcome him: but he shall overcome at the last.	
Genesis 49:2	Gather yourselves together, and hear, ye sons of Jacob; and hearken unto Israel your father.	
Genesis 49:27	Benjamin shall raven as a wolf: in the morning he shall devour the prey, and at night he shall divide the spoil.	
Genesis 4:1	And Adam knew Eve his wife; and she conceived, and bare Cain, and said, I have gotten a man from the LORD.	
Genesis 4:11	And now art thou cursed from the earth, which hath opened her mouth to receive thy brother's blood from thy hand;	
Genesis 4:17	And Cain knew his wife; and she conceived, and bare Enoch: and he builded a city, and called the name of the city, after the name of his son, Enoch.	
Genesis 4:21	And his brother's name was Jubal: he was the father of all such as handle the harp and organ.	
Genesis 4:23	And Lamech said unto his wives, Adah and Zillah, Hear my voice; ye wives of Lamech, hearken unto my speech: for I have slain a man to my wounding, and a young man to my hurt.	
Genesis 4:25	And Adam knew his wife again; and she bare a son, and called his name Seth: For God, said she, hath appointed me another seed instead of Abel, whom Cain slew.	
Genesis 4:4	And Abel, he also brought of the firstlings of his flock and of the fat thereof. And the LORD had respect unto Abel and to his offering:	
Genesis 4:5	But unto Cain and to his offering he had not respect. And Cain was very wroth, and his countenance fell.	
Genesis 50:12	And his sons did unto him according as he commanded them:	
Genesis 50:14	And Joseph returned into Egypt, he, and his brethren, and all that went up with him to bury his father, after he had buried his father.	
Genesis 50:2	And Joseph commanded his servants the physicians to embalm his father: and the physicians embalmed Israel.	
Genesis 50:20	But as for you, ye thought evil against me; but God meant it unto good, to bring to pass, as it is this day, to save much people alive.	
Genesis 50:25	And Joseph took an oath of the children of Israel, saying, God will surely visit you, and ye shall carry up my bones from hence.	
Genesis 50:3	And forty days were fulfilled for him; for so are fulfilled the days of those which are embalmed: and the Egyptians mourned for him threescore and ten days.	
Genesis 50:9	And there went up with him both chariots and horsemen: and it was a very great company.	
Genesis 5:1	This is the book of the generations of Adam. In the day that God created man, in the likeness of God made he him;	
Genesis 5:10	And Enos lived after he begat Cainan eight hundred and fifteen years, and begat sons and daughters:	
Genesis 5:17	And all the days of Mahalaleel were eight hundred ninety and five years: and he died.	
Genesis 5:18	And Jared lived an hundred sixty and two years, and he begat Enoch:	
Genesis 5:21	And Enoch lived sixty and five years, and begat Methuselah:	
Genesis 5:24	And Enoch walked with God: and he was not; for God took him.	
Genesis 5:25	And Methuselah lived an hundred eighty and seven years, and begat Lamech.	
Genesis 5:27	And all the days of Methuselah were nine hundred sixty and nine years: and he died.	
Genesis 5:30	And Lamech lived after he begat Noah five hundred ninety and five years, and begat sons and daughters:	
Genesis 5:31	And all the days of Lamech were seven hundred seventy and seven years: and he died.	
Genesis 5:5	And all the days that Adam lived were nine hundred and thirty years: and he died.	
Genesis 6:13	And God said unto Noah, The end of all flesh is come before me; for the earth is filled with violence through them; and, behold, I will destroy them with the earth.	
Genesis 6:14	Make thee an ark of gopher wood; rooms shalt thou make in the ark, and shalt pitch it within and without with pitch.	
Genesis 6:17	And, behold, I, even I, do bring a flood of waters upon the earth, to destroy all flesh, wherein is the breath of life, from under heaven; and every thing that is in the earth shall die.	
Genesis 6:19	And of every living thing of all flesh, two of every sort shalt thou bring into the ark, to keep them alive with thee; they shall be male and female.	
Genesis 6:2	That the sons of God saw the daughters of men that they were fair; and they took them wives of all which they chose.	
Genesis 6:6	And it repented the LORD that he had made man on the earth, and it grieved him at his heart.	
Genesis 6:9	These are the generations of Noah: Noah was a just man and perfect in his generations, and Noah walked with God.	
Genesis 7:10	And it came to pass after seven days, that the waters of the flood were upon the earth.	
Genesis 7:11	In the six hundredth year of Noah's life, in the second month, the seventeenth day of the month, the same day were all the fountains of the great deep broken up, and the windows of heaven were opened.	
Genesis 7:18	And the waters prevailed, and were increased greatly upon the earth; and the ark went upon the face of the waters.	
Genesis 7:2	Of every clean beast thou shalt take to thee by sevens, the male and his female: and of beasts that are not clean by two, the male and his female.	
Genesis 7:20	Fifteen cubits upward did the waters prevail; and the mountains were covered.	
Genesis 7:22	All in whose nostrils was the breath of life, of all that was in the dry land, died.	
Genesis 7:5	And Noah did according unto all that the LORD commanded him.	
Genesis 7:8	Of clean beasts, and of beasts that are not clean, and of fowls, and of every thing that creepeth upon the earth,	
Genesis 8:13	And it came to pass in the six hundredth and first year, in the first month, the first day of the month, the waters were dried up from off the earth: and Noah removed the covering of the ark, and looked, and, behold, the face of the ground was dry.	
Genesis 8:16	Go forth of the ark, thou, and thy wife, and thy sons, and thy sons' wives with thee.	
Genesis 8:18	And Noah went forth, and his sons, and his wife, and his sons' wives with him:	
Genesis 8:19	Every beast, every creeping thing, and every fowl, and whatsoever creepeth upon the earth, after their kinds, went forth out of the ark.	
Genesis 8:2	The fountains also of the deep and the windows of heaven were stopped, and the rain from heaven was restrained;	
Genesis 8:21	And the LORD smelled a sweet savor; and the LORD said in his heart, I will not again curse the ground any more for man's sake; for the imagination of man's heart is evil from his youth; neither will I again smite any more every thing living, as I have done.	
Genesis 8:3	And the waters returned from off the earth continually: and after the end of the hundred and fifty days the waters were abated.	
Genesis 8:4	And the ark rested in the seventh month, on the seventeenth day of the month, upon the mountains of Ararat.	
Genesis 9:1	And God blessed Noah and his sons, and said unto them, Be fruitful, and multiply, and replenish the earth.	
Genesis 9:10	And with every living creature that is with you, of the fowl, of the cattle, and of every beast of the earth with you; from all that go out of the ark, to every beast of the earth.	
Genesis 9:13	I do set my bow in the cloud, and it shall be for a token of a covenant between me and the earth.	
Genesis 9:20	And Noah began to be an husbandman, and he planted a vineyard:	
Genesis 9:24	And Noah awoke from his wine, and knew what his younger son had done unto him.	
Genesis 9:25	And he said, Cursed be Canaan; a servant of servants shall he be unto his brethren.	
Genesis 9:28	And Noah lived after the flood three hundred and fifty years.	
Genesis 9:5	And surely your blood of your lives will I require; at the hand of every beast will I require it, and at the hand of man; at the hand of every man's brother will I require the life of man.	
Genesis 9:8	And God spake unto Noah, and to his sons with him, saying,	
Genesis 9:9	And I, behold, I establish my covenant with you, and with your seed after you;	
Habakkuk 1:11	Then shall his mind change, and he shall pass over, and offend, imputing this his power unto his god.	
Habakkuk 1:12	Art thou not from everlasting, O LORD my God, mine Holy One? we shall not die. O LORD, thou hast ordained them for judgment; and, O mighty God, thou hast established them for correction.	
Habakkuk 1:14	And makest men as the fishes of the sea, as the creeping things, that have no ruler over them?	
Habakkuk 1:3	Why dost thou shew me iniquity, and cause me to behold grievance? for spoiling and violence are before me: and there are that raise up strife and contention.	
Habakkuk 1:5	Behold ye among the heathen, and regard, and wonder marvelously: for I will work a work in your days which ye will not believe, though it be told you.	
Habakkuk 2:1	I will stand upon my watch, and set me upon the tower, and will watch to see what he will say unto me, and what I shall answer when I am reproved.	
Habakkuk 2:11	For the stone shall cry out of the wall, and the beam out of the timber shall answer it.	
Habakkuk 2:12	Woe to him that buildeth a town with blood, and stablisheth a city by iniquity!	
Habakkuk 2:16	Thou art filled with shame for glory: drink thou also, and let thy foreskin be uncovered: the cup of the LORD's right hand shall be turned unto thee, and shameful spewing shall be on thy glory.	
Habakkuk 3:1	A prayer of Habakkuk the prophet upon Shigionoth.	
Habakkuk 3:18	Yet I will rejoice in the LORD, I will joy in the God of my salvation.	
Habakkuk 3:5	Before him went the pestilence, and burning coals went forth at his feet.	
Habakkuk 3:8	Was the LORD displeased against the rivers? was thine anger against the rivers? was thy wrath against the sea, that thou didst ride upon thine horses and thy chariots of salvation?	
Habakkuk 3:9	Thy bow was made quite naked, according to the oaths of the tribes, even thy word. Selah. Thou didst cleave the earth with rivers.	
Haggai 1:1	In the second year of Darius the king, in the sixth month, in the first day of the month, came the word of the LORD by Haggai the prophet unto Zerubbabel the son of Shealtiel, governor of Judah, and to Joshua the son of Josedech, the high priest, saying,	
Haggai 1:2	Thus speaketh the LORD of hosts, saying, This people say, The time is not come, the time that the LORD's house should be built.	
Haggai 1:3	Then came the word of the LORD by Haggai the prophet, saying,	
Haggai 2:1	In the seventh month, in the one and twentieth day of the month, came the word of the LORD by the prophet Haggai, saying,	
Haggai 2:10	In the four and twentieth day of the ninth month, in the second year of Darius, came the word of the LORD by Haggai the prophet, saying,	
Haggai 2:12	If one bear holy flesh in the skirt of his garment, and with his skirt do touch bread, or pottage, or wine, or oil, or any meat, shall it be holy? And the priests answered and said, No.	
Haggai 2:16	Since those days were, when one came to an heap of twenty measures, there were but ten: when one came to the pressfat for to draw out fifty vessels out of the press, there were but twenty.	
Haggai 2:17	I smote you with blasting and with mildew and with hail in all the labours of your hands; yet ye turned not to me, saith the LORD.	
Haggai 2:19	Is the seed yet in the barn? yea, as yet the vine, and the fig tree, and the pomegranate, and the olive tree, hath not brought forth: from this day will I bless you.	
Hebrews 10:1	For the law having a shadow of good things to come, and not the very image of the things, can never with those sacrifices which they offered year by year continually make the comers thereunto perfect.	
Hebrews 10:10	By the which will we are sanctified through the offering of the body of Jesus Christ once for all.	
Hebrews 10:11	And every priest standeth daily ministering and offering oftentimes the same sacrifices, which can never take away sins:	
Hebrews 10:13	From henceforth expecting till his enemies be made his footstool.	
Hebrews 10:22	Let us draw near with a true heart in full assurance of faith, having our hearts sprinkled from an evil conscience, and our bodies washed with pure water.	
Hebrews 10:27	But a certain fearful looking for of judgment and fiery indignation, which shall devour the adversaries.	
Hebrews 10:32	But call to remembrance the former days, in which, after ye were illuminated, ye endured a great fight of afflictions;	
Hebrews 10:35	Cast not away therefore your confidence, which hath great recompence of reward.	
Hebrews 10:39	But we are not of them who draw back unto perdition; but of them that believe to the saving of the soul.	
Hebrews 10:5	Wherefore when he cometh into the world, he saith, Sacrifice and offering thou wouldest not, but a body hast thou prepared me:	
Hebrews 11:12	Therefore sprang there even of one, and him as good as dead, so many as the stars of the sky in multitude, and as the sand which is by the sea shore innumerable.	
Hebrews 11:17	By faith Abraham, when he was tried, offered up Isaac: and he that had received the promises offered up his only begotten son,	
Hebrews 11:19	Accounting that God was able to raise him up, even from the dead; from whence also he received him in a figure.	
Hebrews 11:20	By faith Isaac blessed Jacob and Esau concerning things to come.	
Hebrews 11:21	By faith Jacob, when he was a dying, blessed both the sons of Joseph; and worshipped, leaning upon the top of his staff.	
Hebrews 11:23	By faith Moses, when he was born, was hid three months of his parents, because they saw he was a proper child; and they were not afraid of the king's commandment.	
Hebrews 11:24	By faith Moses, when he was come to years, refused to be called the son of Pharaoh's daughter;	
Hebrews 11:26	Esteeming the reproach of Christ greater riches than the treasures in Egypt: for he had respect unto the recompence of the reward.	
Hebrews 11:33	Who through faith subdued kingdoms, wrought righteousness, obtained promises, stopped the mouths of lions.	
Hebrews 11:4	By faith Abel offered unto God a more excellent sacrifice than Cain, by which he obtained witness that he was righteous, God testifying of his gifts: and by it he being dead yet speaketh.	
Hebrews 11:6	But without faith it is impossible to please him: for he that cometh to God must believe that he is, and that he is a rewarder of them that diligently seek him.	
Hebrews 12:1	Wherefore seeing we also are compassed about with so great a cloud of witnesses, let us lay aside every weight, and the sin which doth so easily beset us, and let us run with patience the race that is set before us,	
Hebrews 12:11	Now no chastening for the present seemeth to be joyous, but grievous: nevertheless afterward it yieldeth the peaceable fruit of righteousness unto them which are exercised thereby.	
Hebrews 12:2	Looking unto Jesus the author and finisher of our faith; who for the joy that was set before him endured the cross, despising the shame, and is set down at the right hand of the throne of God.	
Hebrews 12:22	But ye are come unto mount Sion, and unto the city of the living God, the heavenly Jerusalem, and to an innumerable company of angels,	
Hebrews 12:24	And to Jesus the mediator of the new covenant, and to the blood of sprinkling, that speaketh better things that that of Abel.	
Hebrews 12:25	See that ye refuse not him that speaketh. For if they escaped not who refused him that spake on earth, much more shall not we escape, if we turn away from him that speaketh from heaven:	
Hebrews 12:26	Whose voice then shook the earth: but now he hath promised, saying, Yet once more I shake not the earth only, but also heaven.	
Hebrews 12:28	Wherefore we receiving a kingdom which cannot be moved, let us have grace, whereby we may serve God acceptably with reverence and godly fear:	
Hebrews 12:5	And ye have forgotten the exhortation which speaketh unto you as unto children, My son, despise not thou the chastening of the Lord, nor faint when thou art rebuked of him:	
Hebrews 12:6	For whom the Lord loveth he chasteneth, and scourgeth every son whom he receiveth.	
Hebrews 13:1	Let brotherly love continue.	
Hebrews 13:10	We have an altar, whereof they have no right to eat which serve the tabernacle.	
Hebrews 13:13	Let us go forth therefore unto him without the camp, bearing his reproach.	
Hebrews 13:14	For here have we no continuing city, but we seek one to come.	
Hebrews 13:16	But to do good and to communicate forget not: for with such sacrifices God is well pleased.	
Hebrews 13:17	Obey them that have the rule over you, and submit yourselves: for they watch for your souls, as they that must give account, that they may do it with joy, and not with grief: for that is unprofitable for you.	
Hebrews 13:8	Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.	
Hebrews 1:12	And as a vesture shalt thou fold them up, and they shall be changed: but thou art the same, and thy years shall not fail.	
Hebrews 1:13	But to which of the angels said he at any time, Sit on my right hand, until I make thine enemies thy footstool?	
Hebrews 1:14	Are they not all ministering spirits, sent forth to minister for them who shall be heirs of salvation?	
Hebrews 1:2	Hath in these last days spoken unto us by his Son, whom he hath appointed heir of all things, by whom also he made the worlds;	
Hebrews 2:1	Therefore we ought to give the more earnest heed to the things which we have heard, lest at any time we should let them slip.	
Hebrews 2:2	For if the word spoken by angels was stedfast, and every transgression and disobedience received a just recompence of reward;	
Hebrews 3:13	But exhort one another daily, while it is called To day; lest any of you be hardened through the deceitfulness of sin.	
Hebrews 3:16	For some, when they had heard, did provoke: howbeit not all that came out of Egypt by Moses.	
Hebrews 3:18	And to whom sware he that they should not enter into his rest, but to them that believed not?	
Hebrews 3:6	But Christ as a son over his own house; whose house are we, if we hold fast the confidence and the rejoicing of the hope firm unto the end.	
Hebrews 3:7	Wherefore (as the Holy Ghost saith, To day if ye will hear his voice,	
Hebrews 3:8	Harden not your hearts, as in the provocation, in the day of temptation in the wilderness:	
Hebrews 4:13	Neither is there any creature that is not manifest in his sight: but all things are naked and opened unto the eyes of him with whom we have to do.	
Hebrews 4:16	Let us therefore come boldly unto the throne of grace, that we may obtain mercy, and find grace to help in time of need.	
Hebrews 4:3	For we which have believed do enter into rest, as he said, As I have sworn in my wrath, if they shall enter into my rest: although the works were finished from the foundation of the world.	
Hebrews 4:4	For he spake in a certain place of the seventh day on this wise, And God did rest the seventh day from all his works.	
Hebrews 4:7	Again, he limiteth a certain day, saying in David, To day, after so long a time; as it is said, To day if ye will hear his voice, harden not your hearts.	
Hebrews 5:13	For every one that useth milk is unskilful in the word of righteousness: for he is a babe.	
Hebrews 5:2	Who can have compassion on the ignorant, and on them that are out of the way; for that he himself also is compassed with infirmity.	
Hebrews 5:4	And no man taketh this honour unto himself, but he that is called of God, as was Aaron.	
Hebrews 6:19	Which hope we have as an anchor of the soul, both sure and stedfast, and which entereth into that within the veil;	
Hebrews 6:20	Whither the forerunner is for us entered, even Jesus, made an high priest for ever after the order of Melchisedec.	
Hebrews 6:6	If they shall fall away, to renew them again unto repentance; seeing they crucify to themselves the Son of God afresh, and put him to an open shame.	
Hebrews 6:7	For the earth which drinketh in the rain that cometh oft upon it, and bringeth forth herbs meet for them by whom it is dressed, receiveth blessing from God:	
Hebrews 7:16	Who is made, not after the law of a carnal commandment, but after the power of an endless life.	
Hebrews 7:20	And inasmuch as not without an oath he was made priest:	
Hebrews 7:21	(For those priests were made without an oath; but this with an oath by him that said unto him, The Lord sware and will not repent, Thou art a priest for ever after the order of Melchisedec:)	
Hebrews 7:25	Wherefore he is able also to save them to the uttermost that come unto God by him, seeing he ever liveth to make intercession for them.	
Hebrews 7:26	For such an high priest became us, who is holy, harmless, undefiled, separate from sinners, and made higher than the heavens;	
Hebrews 7:8	And here men that die receive tithes; but there he receiveth them, of whom it is witnessed that he liveth.	
Hebrews 7:9	And as I may so say, Levi also, who receiveth tithes, payed tithes in Abraham.	
Hebrews 8:2	A minister of the sanctuary, and of the true tabernacle, which the Lord pitched, and not man.	
Hebrews 8:8	For finding fault with them, he saith, Behold, the days come, saith the Lord, when I will make a new covenant with the house of Israel and with the house of Judah:	
Hebrews 9:10	Which stood only in meats and drinks, and divers washings, and carnal ordinances, imposed on them until the time of reformation.	
Hebrews 9:11	But Christ being come an high priest of good things to come, by a greater and more perfect tabernacle, not made with hands, that is to say, not of this building;	
Hebrews 9:14	How much more shall the blood of Christ, who through the eternal Spirit offered himself without spot to God, purge your conscience from dead works to serve the living God?	
Hebrews 9:19	For when Moses had spoken every precept to all the people according to the law, he took the blood of calves and of goats, with water, and scarlet wool, and hyssop, and sprinkled both the book, and all the people,	
Hebrews 9:21	Moreover he sprinkled with blood both the tabernacle, and all the vessels of the ministry.	
Hebrews 9:22	And almost all things are by the law purged with blood; and without shedding of blood is no remission.	
Hebrews 9:25	Nor yet that he should offer himself often, as the high priest entereth into the holy place every year with blood of others;	
Hebrews 9:27	And as it is appointed unto men once to die, but after this the judgment:	
Hebrews 9:28	So Christ was once offered to bear the sins of many; and unto them that look for him shall he appear the second time without sin unto salvation.	
Hebrews 9:6	Now when these things were thus ordained, the priests went always into the first tabernacle, accomplishing the service of God.	
Hebrews 9:8	The Holy Ghost this signifying, that the way into the holiest of all was not yet made manifest, while as the first tabernacle was yet standing:	
Hosea 10:14	Therefore shall a tumult arise among thy people, and all thy fortresses shall be spoiled, as Shalman spoiled Betharbel in the day of battle: the mother was dashed in pieces upon her children.	
Hosea 10:2	Their heart is divided; now shall they be found faulty: he shall break down their altars, he shall spoil their images.	
Hosea 10:7	As for Samaria, her king is cut off as the foam upon the water.	
Hosea 10:8	The high places also of Aven, the sin of Israel, shall be destroyed: the thorn and the thistle shall come up on their altars; and they shall say to the mountains, Cover us; and to the hills, Fall on us.	
Hosea 11:10	They shall walk after the LORD: he shall roar like a lion: when he shall roar, then the children shall tremble from the west.	
Hosea 11:2	As they called them, so they went from them: they sacrificed unto Baalim, and burned incense to graven images.	
Hosea 11:4	I drew them with cords of a man, with bands of love: and I was to them as they that take off the yoke on their jaws, and I laid meat unto them.	
Hosea 11:5	He shall not return into the land of Egypt, and the Assyrian shall be his king, because they refused to return.	
Hosea 11:6	And the sword shall abide on his cities, and shall consume his branches, and devour them, because of their own counsels.	
Hosea 12:12	And Jacob fled into the country of Syria, and Israel served for a wife, and for a wife he kept sheep.	
Hosea 12:13	And by a prophet the LORD brought Israel out of Egypt, and by a prophet was he preserved.	
Hosea 12:14	Ephraim provoked him to anger most bitterly: therefore shall he leave his blood upon him, and his reproach shall his LORD return unto him.	
Hosea 12:2	The LORD hath also a controversy with Judah, and will punish Jacob according to his ways; according to his doings will he recompense him.	
Hosea 12:8	And Ephraim said, Yet I am become rich, I have found me out substance: in all my labours they shall find none iniquity in me that were sin.	
Hosea 12:9	And I that am the LORD thy God from the land of Egypt will yet make thee to dwell in tabernacles, as in the days of the solemn feast.	
Hosea 13:11	I gave thee a king in mine anger, and took him away in my wrath.	
Hosea 13:6	According to their pasture, so were they filled; they were filled, and their heart was exalted; therefore have they forgotten me.	
Hosea 14:2	Take with you words, and turn to the LORD: say unto him, Take away all iniquity, and receive us graciously: so will we render the calves of our lips.	
Hosea 14:3	Asshur shall not save us; we will not ride upon horses: neither will we say any more to the work of our hands, Ye are our gods: for in thee the fatherless findeth mercy.	
Hosea 14:4	I will heal their backsliding, I will love them freely: for mine anger is turned away from him.	
Hosea 14:8	Ephraim shall say, What have I to do any more with idols? I have heard him, and observed him: I am like a green fir tree. From me is thy fruit found.	
Hosea 14:9	Who is wise, and he shall understand these things? prudent, and he shall know them? for the ways of the LORD are right, and the just shall walk in them: but the transgressors shall fall therein.	
Hosea 1:10	Yet the number of the children of Israel shall be as the sand of the sea, which cannot be measured nor numbered; and it shall come to pass, that in the place where it was said unto them, Ye are not my people, there it shall be said unto them, Ye are the sons of the living God.	
Hosea 1:9	Then said God, Call his name Loammi: for ye are not my people, and I will not be your God.	
Hosea 2:10	And now will I discover her lewdness in the sight of her lovers, and none shall deliver her out of mine hand.	
Hosea 2:20	I will even betroth thee unto me in faithfulness: and thou shalt know the LORD.	
Hosea 3:3	And I said unto her, Thou shalt abide for me many days; thou shalt not play the harlot, and thou shalt not be for another man: so will I also be for thee.	
Hosea 4:12	My people ask counsel at their stocks, and their staff declareth unto them: for the spirit of whoredoms hath caused them to err, and they have gone a whoring from under their God.	
Hosea 4:13	They sacrifice upon the tops of the mountains, and burn incense upon the hills, under oaks and poplars and elms, because the shadow thereof is good: therefore your daughters shall commit whoredom, and your spouses shall commit adultery.	
Hosea 4:14	I will not punish your daughters when they commit whoredom, nor your spouses when they commit adultery: for themselves are separated with whores, and they sacrifice with harlots: therefore the people that doth not understand shall fall.	
Hosea 4:15	Though thou, Israel, play the harlot, yet let not Judah offend; and come not ye unto Gilgal, neither go ye up to Bethaven, nor swear, The LORD liveth.	
Hosea 4:2	By swearing, and lying, and killing, and stealing, and committing adultery, they break out, and blood toucheth blood.	
Hosea 4:5	Therefore shalt thou fall in the day, and the prophet also shall fall with thee in the night, and I will destroy thy mother.	
Hosea 4:7	As they were increased, so they sinned against me: therefore will I change their glory into shame.	
Hosea 4:8	They eat up the sin of my people, and they set their heart on their iniquity.	
Hosea 5:13	When Ephraim saw his sickness, and Judah saw his wound, then went Ephraim to the Assyrian, and sent to king Jareb: yet could he not heal you, nor cure you of your wound.	
Hosea 5:6	They shall go with their flocks and with their herds to seek the LORD; but they shall not find him; he hath withdrawn himself from them.	
Hosea 5:9	Ephraim shall be desolate in the day of rebuke: among the tribes of Israel have I made known that which shall surely be.	
Hosea 6:1	Come, and let us return unto the LORD: for he hath torn, and he will heal us; he hath smitten, and he will bind us up.	
Hosea 6:7	But they like men have transgressed the covenant: there have they dealt treacherously against me.	
Hosea 7:11	Ephraim also is like a silly dove without heart: they call to Egypt, they go to Assyria.	
Hosea 7:7	They are all hot as an oven, and have devoured their judges; all their kings are fallen: there is none among them that calleth unto me.	
Hosea 7:9	Strangers have devoured his strength, and he knoweth it not: yea, gray hairs are here and there upon him, yet he knoweth not.	
Hosea 9:1	Rejoice not, O Israel, for joy, as other people: for thou hast gone a whoring from thy God, thou hast loved a reward upon every cornfloor.	
Hosea 9:13	Ephraim, as I saw Tyrus, is planted in a pleasant place: but Ephraim shall bring forth his children to the murderer.	
Hosea 9:14	Give them, O LORD: what wilt thou give? give them a miscarrying womb and dry breasts.	
Hosea 9:3	They shall not dwell in the LORD's land; but Ephraim shall return to Egypt, and they shall eat unclean things in Assyria.	
Hosea 9:8	The watchman of Ephraim was with my God: but the prophet is a snare of a fowler in all his ways, and hatred in the house of his God.	
Isaiah 10:1	Woe unto them that decree unrighteous decrees, and that write grievousness which they have prescribed;	
Isaiah 10:13	For he saith, By the strength of my hand I have done it, and by my wisdom; for I am prudent: and I have removed the bounds of the people, and have robbed their treasures, and I have put down the inhabitants like a valiant man:	
Isaiah 10:15	Shall the axe boast itself against him that heweth therewith? or shall the saw magnify itself against him that shaketh it? as if the rod should shake itself against them that lift it up, or as if the staff should lift up itself, as if it were no wood.	
Isaiah 10:16	Therefore shall the Lord, the Lord of hosts, send among his fat ones leanness; and under his glory he shall kindle a burning like the burning of a fire.	
Isaiah 10:19	And the rest of the trees of his forest shall be few, that a child may write them.	
Isaiah 10:21	The remnant shall return, even the remnant of Jacob, unto the mighty God.	
Isaiah 10:23	For the Lord GOD of hosts shall make a consumption, even determined, in the midst of all the land.	
Isaiah 10:32	As yet shall he remain at Nob that day: he shall shake his hand against the mount of the daughter of Zion, the hill of Jerusalem.	
Isaiah 10:4	Without me they shall bow down under the prisoners, and they shall fall under the slain. For all this his anger is not turned away, but his hand is stretched out still.	
Isaiah 11:11	And it shall come to pass in that day, that the Lord shall set his hand again the second time to recover the remnant of his people, which shall be left, from Assyria, and from Egypt, and from Pathros, and from Cush, and from Elam, and from Shinar, and from Hamath, and from the islands of the sea.	
Isaiah 11:13	The envy also of Ephraim shall depart, and the adversaries of Judah shall be cut off: Ephraim shall not envy Judah, and Judah shall not vex Ephraim.	
Isaiah 11:2	And the spirit of the LORD shall rest upon him, the spirit of wisdom and understanding, the spirit of counsel and might, the spirit of knowledge and of the fear of the LORD;	
Isaiah 11:3	And shall make him of quick understanding in the fear of the LORD: and he shall not judge after the sight of his eyes, neither reprove after the hearing of his ears:	
Isaiah 12:4	And in that day shall ye say, Praise the LORD, call upon his name, declare his doings among the people, make mention that his name is exalted.	
Isaiah 13:1	The burden of Babylon, which Isaiah the son of Amoz did see.	
Isaiah 13:13	Therefore I will shake the heavens, and the earth shall remove out of her place, in the wrath of the LORD of hosts, and in the day of his fierce anger.	
Isaiah 13:15	Every one that is found shall be thrust through; and every one that is joined unto them shall fall by the sword.	
Isaiah 13:17	Behold, I will stir up the Medes against them, which shall not regard silver; and as for gold, they shall not delight in it.	
Isaiah 13:22	And the wild beasts of the islands shall cry in their desolate houses, and dragons in their pleasant palaces: and her time is near to come, and her days shall not be prolonged.	
Isaiah 13:5	They come from a far country, from the end of heaven, even the LORD, and the weapons of his indignation, to destroy the whole land.	
Isaiah 13:6	Howl ye; for the day of the LORD is at hand; it shall come as a destruction from the Almighty.	
Isaiah 13:8	And they shall be afraid: pangs and sorrows shall take hold of them; they shall be in pain as a woman that travaileth: they shall be amazed one at another; their faces shall be as flames.	
Isaiah 14:10	All they shall speak and say unto thee, Art thou also become weak as we? art thou become like unto us?	
Isaiah 14:11	Thy pomp is brought down to the grave, and the noise of thy viols: the worm is spread under thee, and the worms cover thee.	
Isaiah 14:14	I will ascend above the heights of the clouds; I will be like the most High.	
Isaiah 14:2	And the people shall take them, and bring them to their place: and the house of Israel shall possess them in the land of the LORD for servants and handmaids: and they shall take them captives, whose captives they were; and they shall rule over their oppressors.	
Isaiah 14:21	Prepare slaughter for his children for the iniquity of their fathers; that they do not rise, nor possess the land, nor fill the face of the world with cities.	
Isaiah 14:26	This is the purpose that is purposed upon the whole earth: and this is the hand that is stretched out upon all the nations.	
Isaiah 14:28	In the year that king Ahaz died was this burden.	
Isaiah 14:29	Rejoice not thou, whole Palestina, because the rod of him that smote thee is broken: for out of the serpent's root shall come forth a cockatrice, and his fruit shall be a fiery flying serpent.	
Isaiah 14:30	And the firstborn of the poor shall feed, and the needy shall lie down in safety: and I will kill thy root with famine, and he shall slay thy remnant.	
Isaiah 14:4	That thou shalt take up this proverb against the king of Babylon, and say, How hath the oppressor ceased! the golden city ceased!	
Isaiah 14:5	The LORD hath broken the staff of the wicked, and the sceptre of the rulers.	
Isaiah 14:7	The whole earth is at rest, and is quiet: they break forth into singing.	
Isaiah 14:9	Hell from beneath is moved for thee to meet thee at thy coming: it stirreth up the dead for thee, even all the chief ones of the earth; it hath raised up from their thrones all the kings of the nations.	
Isaiah 15:1	The burden of Moab. Because in the night Ar of Moab is laid waste, and brought to silence; because in the night Kir of Moab is laid waste, and brought to silence;	
Isaiah 15:5	My heart shall cry out for Moab; his fugitives shall flee unto Zoar, an heifer of three years old: for by the mounting up of Luhith with weeping shall they go it up; for in the way of Horonaim they shall raise up a cry of destruction.	
Isaiah 15:6	For the waters of Nimrim shall be desolate: for the hay is withered away, the grass faileth, there is no green thing.	
Isaiah 16:10	And gladness is taken away, and joy out of the plentiful field; and in the vineyards there shall be no singing, neither shall there be shouting: the treaders shall tread out no wine in their presses; I have made their vintage shouting to cease.	
Isaiah 16:4	Let mine outcasts dwell with thee, Moab; be thou a covert to them from the face of the spoiler: for the extortioner is at an end, the spoiler ceaseth, the oppressors are consumed out of the land.	
Isaiah 16:6	We have heard of the pride of Moab; he is very proud: even of his haughtiness, and his pride, and his wrath: but his lies shall not be so.	
Isaiah 16:9	Therefore I will bewail with the weeping of Jazer the vine of Sibmah: I will water thee with my tears, O Heshbon, and Elealeh: for the shouting for thy summer fruits and for thy harvest is fallen.	
Isaiah 17:12	Woe to the multitude of many people, which make a noise like the noise of the seas; and to the rushing of nations, that make a rushing like the rushing of mighty waters!	
Isaiah 17:14	And behold at eveningtide trouble; and before the morning he is not. This is the portion of them that spoil us, and the lot of them that rob us.	
Isaiah 18:3	All ye inhabitants of the world, and dwellers on the earth, see ye, when he lifteth up an ensign on the mountains; and when he bloweth a trumpet, hear ye.	
Isaiah 19:13	The princes of Zoan are become fools, the princes of Noph are deceived; they have also seduced Egypt, even they that are the stay of the tribes thereof.	
Isaiah 19:17	And the land of Judah shall be a terror unto Egypt, every one that maketh mention thereof shall be afraid in himself, because of the counsel of the LORD of hosts, which he hath determined against it.	
Isaiah 19:18	In that day shall five cities in the land of Egypt speak the language of Canaan, and swear to the LORD of hosts; one shall be called, The city of destruction.	
Isaiah 19:3	And the spirit of Egypt shall fail in the midst thereof; and I will destroy the counsel thereof: and they shall seek to the idols, and to the charmers, and to them that have familiar spirits, and to the wizards.	
Isaiah 19:7	The paper reeds by the brooks, by the mouth of the brooks, and every thing sown by the brooks, shall wither, be driven away, and be no more.	
Isaiah 19:8	The fishers also shall mourn, and all they that cast angle into the brooks shall lament, and they that spread nets upon the waters shall languish.	
Isaiah 1:15	And when ye spread forth your hands, I will hide mine eyes from you: yea, when ye make many prayers, I will not hear: your hands are full of blood.	
Isaiah 1:17	Learn to do well; seek judgment, relieve the oppressed, judge the fatherless, plead for the widow.	
Isaiah 1:20	But if ye refuse and rebel, ye shall be devoured with the sword: for the mouth of the LORD hath spoken it.	
Isaiah 1:22	Thy silver is become dross, thy wine mixed with water:	
Isaiah 1:23	Thy princes are rebellious, and companions of thieves: every one loveth gifts, and followeth after rewards: they judge not the fatherless, neither doth the cause of the widow come unto them.	
Isaiah 1:28	And the destruction of the transgressors and of the sinners shall be together, and they that forsake the LORD shall be consumed.	
Isaiah 1:30	For ye shall be as an oak whose leaf fadeth, and as a garden that hath no water.	
Isaiah 1:4	Ah sinful nation, a people laden with iniquity, a seed of evildoers, children that are corrupters: they have forsaken the LORD, they have provoked the Holy One of Israel unto anger, they are gone away backward.	
Isaiah 1:5	Why should ye be stricken any more? ye will revolt more and more: the whole head is sick, and the whole heart faint.	
Isaiah 1:7	Your country is desolate, your cities are burned with fire: your land, strangers devour it in your presence, and it is desolate, as overthrown by strangers.	
Isaiah 1:9	Except the LORD of hosts had left unto us a very small remnant, we should have been as Sodom, and we should have been like unto Gomorrah.	
Isaiah 20:6	And the inhabitant of this isle shall say in that day, Behold, such is our expectation, whither we flee for help to be delivered from the king of Assyria: and how shall we escape?	
Isaiah 21:15	For they fled from the swords, from the drawn sword, and from the bent bow, and from the grievousness of war.	
Isaiah 21:17	And the residue of the number of archers, the mighty men of the children of Kedar, shall be diminished: for the LORD God of Israel hath spoken it.	
Isaiah 21:5	Prepare the table, watch in the watchtower, eat, drink: arise, ye princes, and anoint the shield.	
Isaiah 22:15	Thus saith the Lord GOD of hosts, Go, get thee unto this treasurer, even unto Shebna, which is over the house, and say,	
Isaiah 22:17	Behold, the LORD will carry thee away with a mighty captivity, and will surely cover thee.	
Isaiah 22:3	All thy rulers are fled together, they are bound by the archers: all that are found in thee are bound together, which have fled from far.	
Isaiah 22:4	Therefore said I, Look away from me; I will weep bitterly, labour not to comfort me, because of the spoiling of the daughter of my people.	
Isaiah 23:14	Howl, ye ships of Tarshish: for your strength is laid waste.	
Isaiah 23:7	Is this your joyous city, whose antiquity is of ancient days? her own feet shall carry her afar off to sojourn.	
Isaiah 23:9	The LORD of hosts hath purposed it, to stain the pride of all glory, and to bring into contempt all the honourable of the earth.	
Isaiah 24:10	The city of confusion is broken down: every house is shut up, that no man may come in.	
Isaiah 24:14	They shall lift up their voice, they shall sing for the majesty of the LORD, they shall cry aloud from the sea.	
Isaiah 24:17	Fear, and the pit, and the snare, are upon thee, O inhabitant of the earth.	
Isaiah 24:19	The earth is utterly broken down, the earth is clean dissolved, the earth is moved exceedingly.	
Isaiah 24:6	Therefore hath the curse devoured the earth, and they that dwell therein are desolate: therefore the inhabitants of the earth are burned, and few men left.	
Isaiah 25:1	O Lord, thou art my God; I will exalt thee, I will praise thy name; for thou hast done wonderful things; thy counsels of old are faithfulness and truth.	
Isaiah 25:10	For in this mountain shall the hand of the LORD rest, and Moab shall be trodden down under him, even as straw is trodden down for the dunghill.	
Isaiah 25:7	And he will destroy in this mountain the face of the covering cast over all people, and the vail that is spread over all nations.	
Isaiah 26:1	In that day shall this song be sung in the land of Judah; We have a strong city; salvation will God appoint for walls and bulwarks.	
Isaiah 26:16	LORD, in trouble have they visited thee, they poured out a prayer when thy chastening was upon them.	
Isaiah 27:1	In that day the LORD with his sore and great and strong sword shall punish leviathan the piercing serpent, even leviathan that crooked serpent; and he shall slay the dragon that is in the sea.	
Isaiah 27:11	When the boughs thereof are withered, they shall be broken off: the women come, and set them on fire: for it is a people of no understanding: therefore he that made them will not have mercy on them, and he that formed them will shew them no favour.	
Isaiah 27:12	And it shall come to pass in that day, that the LORD shall beat off from the channel of the river unto the stream of Egypt, and ye shall be gathered one by one, O ye children of Israel.	
Isaiah 27:3	I the LORD do keep it; I will water it every moment: lest any hurt it, I will keep it night and day.	
Isaiah 27:6	He shall cause them that come of Jacob to take root: Israel shall blossom and bud, and fill the face of the world with fruit.	
Isaiah 27:7	Hath he smitten him, as he smote those that smote him? or is he slain according to the slaughter of them that are slain by him?	
Isaiah 27:9	By this therefore shall the iniquity of Jacob be purged; and this is all the fruit to take away his sin; when he maketh all the stones of the altar as chalkstones that are beaten in sunder, the groves and images shall not stand up.	
Isaiah 28:16	Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD, Behold, I lay in Zion for a foundation a stone, a tried stone, a precious corner stone, a sure foundation: he that believeth shall not make haste.	
Isaiah 28:2	Behold, the Lord hath a mighty and strong one, which as a tempest of hail and a destroying storm, as a flood of mighty waters overflowing, shall cast down to the earth with the hand.	
Isaiah 28:22	Now therefore be ye not mockers, lest your bands be made strong: for I have heard from the Lord GOD of hosts a consumption, even determined upon the whole earth.	
Isaiah 28:23	Give ye ear, and hear my voice; hearken, and hear my speech.	
Isaiah 28:24	Doth the plowman plow all day to sow? doth he open and break the clods of his ground?	
Isaiah 28:25	When he hath made plain the face thereof, doth he not cast abroad the fitches, and scatter the cummin, and cast in the principal wheat and the appointed barley and the rie in their place?	
Isaiah 28:4	And the glorious beauty, which is on the head of the fat valley, shall be a fading flower, and as the hasty fruit before the summer; which when he that looketh upon it seeth, while it is yet in his hand he eateth it up.	
Isaiah 28:5	In that day shall the LORD of hosts be for a crown of glory, and for a diadem of beauty, unto the residue of his people,	
Isaiah 28:6	And for a spirit of judgment to him that sitteth in judgment, and for strength to them that turn the battle to the gate.	
Isaiah 28:9	Whom shall he teach knowledge? and whom shall he make to understand doctrine? them that are weaned from the milk, and drawn from the breasts.	
Isaiah 29:14	Therefore, behold, I will proceed to do a marvellous work among this people, even a marvellous work and a wonder: for the wisdom of their wise men shall perish, and the understanding of their prudent men shall be hid.	
Isaiah 29:16	Surely your turning of things upside down shall be esteemed as the potter's clay: for shall the work say of him that made it, He made me not? or shall the thing framed say of him that framed it, He had no understanding?	
Isaiah 29:17	Is it not yet a very little while, and Lebanon shall be turned into a fruitful field, and the fruitful field shall be esteemed as a forest?	
Isaiah 29:18	And in that day shall the deaf hear the words of the book, and the eyes of the blind shall see out of obscurity, and out of darkness.	
Isaiah 29:3	And I will camp against thee round about, and will lay siege against thee with a mount, and I will raise forts against thee.	
Isaiah 29:4	And thou shalt be brought down, and shalt speak out of the ground, and thy speech shall be low out of the dust, and thy voice shall be, as of one that hath a familiar spirit, out of the ground, and thy speech shall whisper out of the dust.	
Isaiah 2:12	For the day of the LORD of hosts shall be upon every one that is proud and lofty, and upon every one that is lifted up; and he shall be brought low:	
Isaiah 2:19	And they shall go into the holes of the rocks, and into the caves of the earth, for fear of the LORD, and for the glory of his majesty, when he ariseth to shake terribly the earth.	
Isaiah 2:6	Therefore thou hast forsaken thy people the house of Jacob, because they be replenished from the east, and are soothsayers like the Philistines, and they please themselves in the children of strangers.	
Isaiah 30:10	Which say to the seers, See not; and to the prophets, Prophesy not unto us right things, speak unto us smooth things, prophesy deceits:	
Isaiah 30:2	That walk to go down into Egypt, and have not asked at my mouth; to strengthen themselves in the strength of Pharaoh, and to trust in the shadow of Egypt!	
Isaiah 30:22	Ye shall defile also the covering of thy graven images of silver, and the ornament of thy molten images of gold: thou shalt cast them away as a menstruous cloth; thou shalt say unto it, Get thee hence.	
Isaiah 30:25	And there shall be upon every high mountain, and upon every high hill, rivers and streams of waters in the day of the great slaughter, when the towers fall.	
Isaiah 30:3	Therefore shall the strength of Pharaoh be your shame, and the trust in the shadow of Egypt your confusion.	
Isaiah 30:30	And the LORD shall cause his glorious voice to be heard, and shall shew the lighting down of his arm, with the indignation of his anger, and with the flame of a devouring fire, with scattering, and tempest, and hailstones.	
Isaiah 30:32	And in every place where the grounded staff shall pass, which the LORD shall lay upon him, it shall be with tabrets and harps: and in battles of shaking will he fight with it.	
Isaiah 30:33	For Tophet is ordained of old; yea, for the king it is prepared; he hath made it deep and large: the pile thereof is fire and much wood; the breath of the LORD, like a stream of brimstone, doth kindle it.	
Isaiah 30:5	They were all ashamed of a people that could not profit them, nor be an help nor profit, but a shame, and also a reproach.	
Isaiah 30:7	For the Egyptians shall help in vain, and to no purpose: therefore have I cried concerning this, Their strength is to sit still.	
Isaiah 30:8	Now go, write it before them in a table, and note it in a book, that it may be for the time to come for ever and ever:	
Isaiah 31:6	Turn ye unto him from whom the children of Israel have deeply revolted.	
Isaiah 32:20	Blessed are ye that sow beside all waters, that send forth thither the feet of the ox and the ass.	
Isaiah 32:6	For the vile person will speak villany, and his heart will work iniquity, to practise hypocrisy, and to utter error against the LORD, to make empty the soul of the hungry, and he will cause the drink of the thirsty to fail.	
Isaiah 33:11	Ye shall conceive chaff, ye shall bring forth stubble: your breath, as fire, shall devour you.	
Isaiah 33:16	He shall dwell on high: his place of defence shall be the munitions of rocks: bread shall be given him; his waters shall be sure.	
Isaiah 33:19	Thou shalt not see a fierce people, a people of a deeper speech than thou canst perceive; of a stammering tongue, that thou canst not understand.	
Isaiah 33:22	For the LORD is our judge, the LORD is our lawgiver, the LORD is our king; he will save us.	
Isaiah 33:7	Behold, their valiant ones shall cry without: the ambassadors of peace shall weep bitterly.	
Isaiah 33:9	The earth mourneth and languisheth: Lebanon is ashamed and hewn down: Sharon is like a wilderness; and Bashan and Carmel shake off their fruits.	
Isaiah 34:11	But the cormorant and the bittern shall possess it; the owl also and the raven shall dwell in it: and he shall stretch out upon it the line of confusion, and the stones of emptiness.	
Isaiah 34:15	There shall the great owl make her nest, and lay, and hatch, and gather under her shadow: there shall the vultures also be gathered, every one with her mate.	
Isaiah 34:3	Their slain also shall be cast out, and their stink shall come up out of their carcases, and the mountains shall be melted with their blood.	
Isaiah 35:3	Strengthen ye the weak hands, and confirm the feeble knees.	
Isaiah 35:4	Say to them that are of a fearful heart, Be strong, fear not: behold, your God will come with vengeance, even God with a recompence; he will come and save you.	
Isaiah 35:6	Then shall the lame man leap as an hart, and the tongue of the dumb sing: for in the wilderness shall waters break out, and streams in the desert.	
Isaiah 36:15	Neither let Hezekiah make you trust in the LORD, saying, The LORD will surely deliver us: this city shall not be delivered into the hand of the king of Assyria.	
Isaiah 36:16	Hearken not to Hezekiah: for thus saith the king of Assyria, Make an agreement with me by a present, and come out to me: and eat ye every one of his vine, and every one of his fig tree, and drink ye every one the waters of his own cistern;	
Isaiah 36:3	Then came forth unto him Eliakim, Hilkiah's son, which was over the house, and Shebna the scribe, and Joah, Asaph's son, the recorder.	
Isaiah 36:4	And Rabshakeh said unto them, Say ye now to Hezekiah, Thus saith the great king, the king of Assyria, What confidence is this wherein thou trustest?	
Isaiah 36:5	I say, sayest thou, (but they are but vain words) I have counsel and strength for war: now on whom dost thou trust, that thou rebellest against me?	
Isaiah 36:6	Lo, thou trustest in the staff of this broken reed, on Egypt; whereon if a man lean, it will go into his hand, and pierce it: so is Pharaoh king of Egypt to all that trust in him.	
Isaiah 37:1	And it came to pass, when king Hezekiah heard it, that he rent his clothes, and covered himself with sackcloth, and went into the house of the LORD.	
Isaiah 37:16	O LORD of hosts, God of Israel, that dwellest between the cherubims, thou art the God, even thou alone, of all the kingdoms of the earth: thou hast made heaven and earth.	
Isaiah 37:20	Now therefore, O LORD our God, save us from his hand, that all the kingdoms of the earth may know that thou art the LORD, even thou only.	
Isaiah 37:22	This is the word which the LORD hath spoken concerning him; The virgin, the daughter of Zion, hath despised thee, and laughed thee to scorn; the daughter of Jerusalem hath shaken her head at thee.	
Isaiah 37:27	Therefore their inhabitants were of small power, they were dismayed and confounded: they were as the grass of the field, and as the green herb, as the grass on the housetops, and as corn blasted before it be grown up.	
Isaiah 37:28	But I know thy abode, and thy going out, and thy coming in, and thy rage against me.	
Isaiah 37:29	Because thy rage against me, and thy tumult, is come up into mine ears, therefore will I put my hook in thy nose, and my bridle in thy lips, and I will turn thee back by the way by which thou camest.	
Isaiah 37:35	For I will defend this city to save it for mine own sake, and for my servant David's sake.	
Isaiah 37:36	Then the angel of the LORD went forth, and smote in the camp of the Assyrians a hundred and fourscore and five thousand: and when they arose early in the morning, behold, they were all dead corpses.	
Isaiah 37:37	So Sennacherib king of Assyria departed, and went and returned, and dwelt at Nineveh.	
Isaiah 37:38	And it came to pass, as he was worshipping in the house of Nisroch his god, that Adrammelech and Sharezer his sons smote him with the sword; and they escaped into the land of Armenia: and Esarhaddon his son reigned in his stead.	
Isaiah 37:9	And he heard say concerning Tirhakah king of Ethiopia, He is come forth to make war with thee. And when he heard it, he sent messengers to Hezekiah, saying,	
Isaiah 38:14	Like a crane or a swallow, so did I chatter: I did mourn as a dove: mine eyes fail with looking upward: O LORD, I am oppressed; undertake for me.	
Isaiah 38:16	O LORD, by these things men live, and in all these things is the life of my spirit: so wilt thou recover me, and make me to live.	
Isaiah 38:17	Behold, for peace I had great bitterness: but thou hast in love to my soul delivered it from the pit of corruption: for thou hast cast all my sins behind thy back.	
Isaiah 39:6	Behold, the days come, that all that is in thine house, and that which thy fathers have laid up in store until this day, shall be carried to Babylon: nothing shall be left, saith the LORD.	
Isaiah 3:10	Say ye to the righteous, that it shall be well with him: for they shall eat the fruit of their doings.	
Isaiah 3:17	Therefore the LORD will smite with a scab the crown of the head of the daughters of Zion, and the LORD will discover their secret parts.	
Isaiah 3:19	The chains, and the bracelets, and the mufflers,	
Isaiah 3:23	The glasses, and the fine linen, and the hoods, and the vails.	
Isaiah 3:4	And I will give children to be their princes, and babes shall rule over them.	
Isaiah 3:5	And the people shall be oppressed, every one by another, and every one by his neighbour: the child shall behave himself proudly against the ancient, and the base against the honourable.	
Isaiah 40:10	Behold, the Lord GOD will come with strong hand, and his arm shall rule for him: behold, his reward is with him, and his work before him.	
Isaiah 40:14	With whom took he counsel, and who instructed him, and taught him in the path of judgment, and taught him knowledge, and shewed to him the way of understanding?	
Isaiah 40:17	All nations before him are as nothing; and they are counted to him less than nothing, and vanity.	
Isaiah 40:18	To whom then will ye liken God? or what likeness will ye compare unto him?	
Isaiah 40:22	It is he that sitteth upon the circle of the earth, and the inhabitants thereof are as grasshoppers; that stretcheth out the heavens as a curtain, and spreadeth them out as a tent to dwell in:	
Isaiah 40:25	To whom then will ye liken me, or shall I be equal? saith the Holy One.	
Isaiah 40:28	Hast thou not known? hast thou not heard, that the everlasting God, the LORD, the Creator of the ends of the earth, fainteth not, neither is weary? there is no searching of his understanding.	
Isaiah 40:3	The voice of him that crieth in the wilderness, Prepare ye the way of the LORD, make straight in the desert a highway for our God.	
Isaiah 40:4	Every valley shall be exalted, and every mountain and hill shall be made low: and the crooked shall be made straight, and the rough places plain:	
Isaiah 40:6	The voice said, Cry. And he said, What shall I cry? All flesh is grass, and all the goodliness thereof is as the flower of the field:	
Isaiah 40:7	The grass withereth, the flower fadeth: because the spirit of the LORD bloweth upon it: surely the people is grass.	
Isaiah 40:9	O Zion, that bringest good tidings, get thee up into the high mountain; O Jerusalem, that bringest good tidings, lift up thy voice with strength; lift it up, be not afraid; say unto the cities of Judah, Behold your God!	
Isaiah 41:1	Keep silence before me, O islands; and let the people renew their strength: let them come near; then let them speak: let us come near together to judgment.	
Isaiah 41:11	Behold, all they that were incensed against thee shall be ashamed and confounded: they shall be as nothing; and they that strive with thee shall perish.	
Isaiah 41:18	I will open rivers in high places, and fountains in the midst of the valleys: I will make the wilderness a pool of water, and the dry land springs of water.	
Isaiah 41:2	Who raised up the righteous man from the east, called him to his foot, gave the nations before him, and made him rule over kings? he gave them as the dust to his sword, and as driven stubble to his bow.	
Isaiah 41:20	That they may see, and know, and consider, and understand together, that the hand of the LORD hath done this, and the Holy One of Israel hath created it.	
Isaiah 41:21	Produce your cause, saith the LORD; bring forth your strong reasons, saith the King of Jacob.	
Isaiah 41:26	Who hath declared from the beginning, that we may know? and beforetime, that we may say, He is righteous? yea, there is none that sheweth, yea, there is none that declareth, yea, there is none that heareth your words.	
Isaiah 41:3	He pursued them, and passed safely; even by the way that he had not gone with his feet.	
Isaiah 42:11	Let the wilderness and the cities thereof lift up their voice, the villages that Kedar doth inhabit: let the inhabitants of the rock sing, let them shout from the top of the mountains.	
Isaiah 42:13	The LORD shall go forth as a mighty man, he shall stir up jealousy like a man of war: he shall cry, yea, roar; he shall prevail against his enemies.	
Isaiah 42:19	Who is blind, but my servant? or deaf, as my messenger that I sent? who is blind as he that is perfect, and blind as the LORD's servant?	
Isaiah 42:20	Seeing many things, but thou observest not; opening the ears, but he heareth not.	
Isaiah 42:21	The LORD is well pleased for his righteousness' sake; he will magnify the law, and make it honourable.	
Isaiah 42:23	Who among you will give ear to this? who will hearken and hear for the time to come?	
Isaiah 42:9	Behold, the former things are come to pass, and new things do I declare: before they spring forth I tell you of them.	
Isaiah 43:11	I, even I, am the LORD; and beside me there is no saviour.	
Isaiah 43:13	Yea, before the day was I am he; and there is none that can deliver out of my hand: I will work, and who shall let it?	
Isaiah 43:14	Thus saith the LORD, your redeemer, the Holy One of Israel; For your sake I have sent to Babylon, and have brought down all their nobles, and the Chaldeans, whose cry is in the ships.	
Isaiah 43:16	Thus saith the LORD, which maketh a way in the sea, and a path in the mighty waters;	
Isaiah 43:18	Remember ye not the former things, neither consider the things of old.	
Isaiah 43:19	Behold, I will do a new thing; now it shall spring forth; shall ye not know it? I will even make a way in the wilderness, and rivers in the desert.	
Isaiah 43:21	This people have I formed for myself; they shall shew forth my praise.	
Isaiah 43:25	I, even I, am he that blotteth out thy transgressions for mine own sake, and will not remember thy sins.	
Isaiah 43:26	Put me in remembrance: let us plead together: declare thou, that thou mayest be justified.	
Isaiah 44:10	Who hath formed a god, or molten a graven image that is profitable for nothing?	
Isaiah 44:12	The smith with the tongs both worketh in the coals, and fashioneth it with hammers, and worketh it with the strength of his arms: yea, he is hungry, and his strength faileth: he drinketh no water, and is faint.	
Isaiah 44:15	Then shall it be for a man to burn: for he will take thereof, and warm himself; yea, he kindleth it, and baketh bread; yea, he maketh a god, and worshippeth it; he maketh it a graven image, and falleth down thereto.	
Isaiah 44:19	And none considereth in his heart, neither is there knowledge nor understanding to say, I have burned part of it in the fire; yea, also I have baked bread upon the coals thereof; I have roasted flesh, and eaten it: and shall I make the residue thereof an abomination? shall I fall down to the stock of a tree?	
Isaiah 44:26	That confirmeth the word of his servant, and performeth the counsel of his messengers; that saith to Jerusalem, Thou shalt be inhabited; and to the cities of Judah, Ye shall be built, and I will raise up the decayed places thereof:	
Isaiah 44:3	For I will pour water upon him that is thirsty, and floods upon the dry ground: I will pour my spirit upon thy seed, and my blessing upon thine offspring:	
Isaiah 44:5	One shall say, I am the LORD's; and another shall call himself by the name of Jacob; and another shall subscribe with his hand unto the LORD, and surname himself by the name of Israel.	
Isaiah 44:7	And who, as I, shall call, and shall declare it, and set it in order for me, since I appointed the ancient people? and the things that are coming, and shall come, let them shew unto them.	
Isaiah 45:1	Thus saith the LORD to his anointed, to Cyrus, whose right hand I have holden, to subdue nations before him; and I will loose the loins of kings, to open before him the two leaved gates; and the gates shall not be shut;	
Isaiah 45:11	Thus saith the LORD, the Holy One of Israel, and his Maker, Ask me of things to come concerning my sons, and concerning the work of my hands command ye me.	
Isaiah 45:15	Verily thou art a God that hidest thyself, O God of Israel, the Saviour.	
Isaiah 45:22	Look unto me, and be ye saved, all the ends of the earth: for I am God, and there is none else.	
Isaiah 45:25	In the LORD shall all the seed of Israel be justified, and shall glory.	
Isaiah 45:5	I am the LORD, and there is none else, there is no God beside me: I girded thee, though thou hast not known me:	
Isaiah 46:1	Bel boweth down, Nebo stoopeth, their idols were upon the beasts, and upon the cattle: your carriages were heavy loaden; they are a burden to the weary beast.	
Isaiah 46:2	They stoop, they bow down together; they could not deliver the burden, but themselves are gone into captivity.	
Isaiah 46:6	They lavish gold out of the bag, and weigh silver in the balance, and hire a goldsmith; and he maketh it a god: they fall down, yea, they worship.	
Isaiah 46:8	Remember this, and shew yourselves men: bring it again to mind, O ye transgressors.	
Isaiah 46:9	Remember the former things of old: for I am God, and there is none else; I am God, and there is none like me,	
Isaiah 47:11	Therefore shall evil come upon thee; thou shalt not know from whence it riseth: and mischief shall fall upon thee; thou shalt not be able to put it off: and desolation shall come upon thee suddenly, which thou shalt not know.	
Isaiah 47:6	I was wroth with my people, I have polluted mine inheritance, and given them into thine hand: thou didst shew them no mercy; upon the ancient hast thou very heavily laid thy yoke.	
Isaiah 48:13	Mine hand also hath laid the foundation of the earth, and my right hand hath spanned the heavens: when I call unto them, they stand up together.	
Isaiah 48:17	Thus saith the LORD, thy Redeemer, the Holy One of Israel; I am the LORD thy God which teacheth thee to profit, which leadeth thee by the way that thou shouldest go.	
Isaiah 48:20	Go ye forth of Babylon, flee ye from the Chaldeans, with a voice of singing declare ye, tell this, utter it even to the end of the earth; say ye, The LORD hath redeemed his servant Jacob.	
Isaiah 48:21	And they thirsted not when he led them through the deserts: he caused the waters to flow out of the rock for them: he clave the rock also, and the waters gushed out.	
Isaiah 48:4	Because I knew that thou art obstinate, and thy neck is an iron sinew, and thy brow brass;	
Isaiah 49:11	And I will make all my mountains a way, and my highways shall be exalted.	
Isaiah 49:13	Sing, O heavens; and be joyful, O earth; and break forth into singing, O mountains: for the LORD hath comforted his people, and will have mercy upon his afflicted.	
Isaiah 49:14	But Zion said, The LORD hath forsaken me, and my Lord hath forgotten me.	
Isaiah 49:25	But thus saith the LORD, Even the captives of the mighty shall be taken away, and the prey of the terrible shall be delivered: for I will contend with him that contendeth with thee, and I will save thy children.	
Isaiah 49:8	Thus saith the LORD, In an acceptable time have I heard thee, and in a day of salvation have I helped thee: and I will preserve thee, and give thee for a covenant of the people, to establish the earth, to cause to inherit the desolate heritages;	
Isaiah 4:3	And it shall come to pass, that he that is left in Zion, and he that remaineth in Jerusalem, shall be called holy, even every one that is written among the living in Jerusalem:	
Isaiah 4:4	When the Lord shall have washed away the filth of the daughters of Zion, and shall have purged the blood of Jerusalem from the midst thereof by the spirit of judgment, and by the spirit of burning.	
Isaiah 4:6	And there shall be a tabernacle for a shadow in the day time from the heat, and for a place of refuge, and for a covert from storm and from rain.	
Isaiah 50:1	Thus saith the LORD, Where is the bill of your mother's divorcement, whom I have put away? or which of my creditors is it to whom I have sold you? Behold, for your iniquities have ye sold yourselves, and for your transgressions is your mother put away.	
Isaiah 50:10	Who is among you that feareth the LORD, that obeyeth the voice of his servant, that walketh in darkness, and hath no light? let him trust in the name of the LORD, and stay upon his God.	
Isaiah 51:11	Therefore the redeemed of the LORD shall return, and come with singing unto Zion; and everlasting joy shall be upon their head: they shall obtain gladness and joy; and sorrow and mourning shall flee away.	
Isaiah 51:13	And forgettest the LORD thy maker, that hath stretched forth the heavens, and laid the foundations of the earth; and hast feared continually every day because of the fury of the oppressor, as if he were ready to destroy? and where is the fury of the oppressor?	
Isaiah 52:1	Awake, awake; put on thy strength, O Zion; put on thy beautiful garments, O Jerusalem, the holy city: for henceforth there shall no more come into thee the uncircumcised and the unclean.	
Isaiah 52:10	The LORD hath made bare his holy arm in the eyes of all the nations; and all the ends of the earth shall see the salvation of our God.	
Isaiah 52:11	Depart ye, depart ye, go ye out from thence, touch no unclean thing; go ye out of the midst of her; be ye clean, that bear the vessels of the LORD.	
Isaiah 52:2	Shake thyself from the dust; arise, and sit down, O Jerusalem: loose thyself from the bands of thy neck, O captive daughter of Zion.	
Isaiah 52:3	For thus saith the LORD, Ye have sold yourselves for nought; and ye shall be redeemed without money.	
Isaiah 52:7	How beautiful upon the mountains are the feet of him that bringeth good tidings, that publisheth peace; that bringeth good tidings of good, that publisheth salvation; that saith unto Zion, Thy God reigneth!	
Isaiah 52:9	Break forth into joy, sing together, ye waste places of Jerusalem: for the LORD hath comforted his people, he hath redeemed Jerusalem.	
Isaiah 53:10	Yet it pleased the LORD to bruise him; he hath put him to grief: when thou shalt make his soul an offering for sin, he shall see his seed, he shall prolong his days, and the pleasure of the LORD shall prosper in his hand.	
Isaiah 53:12	Therefore will I divide him a portion with the great, and he shall divide the spoil with the strong; because he hath poured out his soul unto death: and he was numbered with the transgressors; and he bare the sin of many, and made intercession for the transgressors.	
Isaiah 53:5	But he was wounded for our transgressions, he was bruised for our iniquities: the chastisement of our peace was upon him; and with his stripes we are healed.	
Isaiah 54:1	Sing, O barren, thou that didst not bear; break forth into singing, and cry aloud, thou that didst not travail with child: for more are the children of the desolate than the children of the married wife, saith the LORD.	
Isaiah 54:10	For the mountains shall depart, and the hills be removed; but my kindness shall not depart from thee, neither shall the covenant of my peace be removed, saith the LORD that hath mercy on thee.	
Isaiah 54:11	O thou afflicted, tossed with tempest, and not comforted, behold, I will lay thy stones with fair colours, and lay thy foundations with sapphires.	
Isaiah 54:14	In righteousness shalt thou be established: thou shalt be far from oppression; for thou shalt not fear: and from terror; for it shall not come near thee.	
Isaiah 54:16	Behold, I have created the smith that bloweth the coals in the fire, and that bringeth forth an instrument for his work; and I have created the waster to destroy.	
Isaiah 54:3	For thou shalt break forth on the right hand and on the left; and thy seed shall inherit the Gentiles, and make the desolate cities to be inhabited.	
Isaiah 54:5	For thy Maker is thine husband; the LORD of hosts is his name; and thy Redeemer the Holy One of Israel; The God of the whole earth shall he be called.	
Isaiah 54:6	For the LORD hath called thee as a woman forsaken and grieved in spirit, and a wife of youth, when thou wast refused, saith thy God.	
Isaiah 56:10	His watchmen are blind: they are all ignorant, they are all dumb dogs, they cannot bark; sleeping, lying down, loving to slumber.	
Isaiah 56:2	Blessed is the man that doeth this, and the son of man that layeth hold on it; that keepeth the sabbath from polluting it, and keepeth his hand from doing any evil.	
Isaiah 56:3	Neither let the son of the stranger, that hath joined himself to the LORD, speak, saying, The LORD hath utterly separated me from his people: neither let the eunuch say, Behold, I am a dry tree.	
Isaiah 56:4	For thus saith the LORD unto the eunuchs that keep my sabbaths, and choose the things that please me, and take hold of my covenant;	
Isaiah 56:6	Also the sons of the stranger, that join themselves to the LORD, to serve him, and to love the name of the LORD, to be his servants, every one that keepeth the sabbath from polluting it, and taketh hold of my covenant;	
Isaiah 57:10	Thou art wearied in the greatness of thy way; yet saidst thou not, There is no hope: thou hast found the life of thine hand; therefore thou wast not grieved.	
Isaiah 57:15	For thus saith the high and lofty One that inhabiteth eternity, whose name is Holy; I dwell in the high and holy place, with him also that is of a contrite and humble spirit, to revive the spirit of the humble, and to revive the heart of the contrite ones.	
Isaiah 57:18	I have seen his ways, and will heal him: I will lead him also, and restore comforts unto him and to his mourners.	
Isaiah 57:2	He shall enter into peace: they shall rest in their beds, each one walking in his uprightness.	
Isaiah 57:3	But draw near hither, ye sons of the sorceress, the seed of the adulterer and the whore.	
Isaiah 57:7	Upon a lofty and high mountain hast thou set thy bed: even thither wentest thou up to offer sacrifice.	
Isaiah 58:10	And if thou draw out thy soul to the hungry, and satisfy the afflicted soul; then shall thy light rise in obscurity, and thy darkness be as the noon day:	
Isaiah 58:12	And they that shall be of thee shall build the old waste places: thou shalt raise up the foundations of many generations; and thou shalt be called, The repairer of the breach, The restorer of paths to dwell in.	
Isaiah 58:2	Yet they seek me daily, and delight to know my ways, as a nation that did righteousness, and forsook not the ordinance of their God: they ask of me the ordinances of justice; they take delight in approaching to God.	
Isaiah 58:6	Is not this the fast that I have chosen? to loose the bands of wickedness, to undo the heavy burdens, and to let the oppressed go free, and that ye break every yoke?	
Isaiah 58:7	Is it not to deal thy bread to the hungry, and that thou bring the poor that are cast out to thy house? when thou seest the naked, that thou cover him; and that thou hide not thyself from thine own flesh?	
Isaiah 59:14	And judgment is turned away backward, and justice standeth afar off: for truth is fallen in the street, and equity cannot enter.	
Isaiah 59:15	Yea, truth faileth; and he that departeth from evil maketh himself a prey: and the LORD saw it, and it displeased him that there was no judgment.	
Isaiah 59:2	But your iniquities have separated between you and your God, and your sins have hid his face from you, that he will not hear.	
Isaiah 59:5	They hatch cockatrice' eggs, and weave the spider's web: he that eateth of their eggs dieth, and that which is crushed breaketh out into a viper.	
Isaiah 5:12	And the harp, and the viol, the tabret, and pipe, and wine, are in their feasts: but they regard not the work of the LORD, neither consider the operation of his hands.	
Isaiah 5:13	Therefore my people are gone into captivity, because they have no knowledge: and their honourable men are famished, and their multitude dried up with thirst.	
Isaiah 5:16	But the LORD of hosts shall be exalted in judgment, and God that is holy shall be sanctified in righteousness.	
Isaiah 5:21	Woe unto them that are wise in their own eyes, and prudent in their own sight!	
Isaiah 5:25	Therefore is the anger of the LORD kindled against his people, and he hath stretched forth his hand against them, and hath smitten them: and the hills did tremble, and their carcases were torn in the midst of the streets. For all this his anger is not turned away, but his hand is stretched out still.	
Isaiah 5:26	And he will lift up an ensign to the nations from far, and will hiss unto them from the end of the earth: and, behold, they shall come with speed swiftly:	
Isaiah 5:28	Whose arrows are sharp, and all their bows bent, their horses' hoofs shall be counted like flint, and their wheels like a whirlwind:	
Isaiah 5:9	In mine ears said the LORD of hosts, Of a truth many houses shall be desolate, even great and fair, without inhabitant.	
Isaiah 60:16	Thou shalt also suck the milk of the Gentiles, and shalt suck the breast of kings: and thou shalt know that I the LORD am thy Saviour and thy Redeemer, the mighty One of Jacob.	
Isaiah 60:20	Thy sun shall no more go down; neither shall thy moon withdraw itself: for the LORD shall be thine everlasting light, and the days of thy mourning shall be ended.	
Isaiah 60:21	Thy people also shall be all righteous: they shall inherit the land for ever, the branch of my planting, the work of my hands, that I may be glorified.	
Isaiah 60:4	Lift up thine eyes round about, and see: all they gather themselves together, they come to thee: thy sons shall come from far, and thy daughters shall be nursed at thy side.	
Isaiah 60:8	Who are these that fly as a cloud, and as the doves to their windows?	
Isaiah 61:8	For I the LORD love judgment, I hate robbery for burnt offering; and I will direct their work in truth, and I will make an everlasting covenant with them.	
Isaiah 61:9	And their seed shall be known among the Gentiles, and their offspring among the people: all that see them shall acknowledge them, that they are the seed which the LORD hath blessed.	
Isaiah 62:10	Go through, go through the gates; prepare ye the way of the people; cast up, cast up the highway; gather out the stones; lift up a standard for the people.	
Isaiah 62:2	And the Gentiles shall see thy righteousness, and all kings thy glory: and thou shalt be called by a new name, which the mouth of the LORD shall name.	
Isaiah 62:4	Thou shalt no more be termed Forsaken; neither shall thy land any more be termed Desolate: but thou shalt be called Hephzibah, and thy land Beulah: for the LORD delighteth in thee, and thy land shall be married.	
Isaiah 62:7	And give him no rest, till he establish, and till he make Jerusalem a praise in the earth.	
Isaiah 63:11	Then he remembered the days of old, Moses, and his people, saying, Where is he that brought them up out of the sea with the shepherd of his flock? where is he that put his holy Spirit within him?	
Isaiah 63:13	That led them through the deep, as an horse in the wilderness, that they should not stumble?	
Isaiah 63:15	Look down from heaven, and behold from the habitation of thy holiness and of thy glory: where is thy zeal and thy strength, the sounding of thy bowels and of thy mercies toward me? are they restrained?	
Isaiah 63:17	O LORD, why hast thou made us to err from thy ways, and hardened our heart from thy fear? Return for thy servants' sake, the tribes of thine inheritance.	
Isaiah 63:19	We are thine: thou never barest rule over them; they were not called by thy name.	
Isaiah 63:2	Wherefore art thou red in thine apparel, and thy garments like him that treadeth in the winefat?	
Isaiah 63:4	For the day of vengeance is in mine heart, and the year of my redeemed is come.	
Isaiah 64:2	As when the melting fire burneth, the fire causeth the waters to boil, to make thy name known to thine adversaries, that the nations may tremble at thy presence!	
Isaiah 64:7	And there is none that calleth upon thy name, that stirreth up himself to take hold of thee: for thou hast hid thy face from us, and hast consumed us, because of our iniquities.	
Isaiah 65:17	For, behold, I create new heavens and a new earth: and the former shall not be remembered, nor come into mind.	
Isaiah 65:3	A people that provoketh me to anger continually to my face; that sacrificeth in gardens, and burneth incense upon altars of brick;	
Isaiah 65:4	Which remain among the graves, and lodge in the monuments, which eat swine's flesh, and broth of abominable things is in their vessels;	
Isaiah 65:6	Behold, it is written before me: I will not keep silence, but will recompense, even recompense into their bosom,	
Isaiah 65:9	And I will bring forth a seed out of Jacob, and out of Judah an inheritor of my mountains: and mine elect shall inherit it, and my servants shall dwell there.	
Isaiah 66:16	For by fire and by his sword will the LORD plead with all flesh: and the slain of the LORD shall be many.	
Isaiah 66:19	And I will set a sign among them, and I will send those that escape of them unto the nations, to Tarshish, Pul, and Lud, that draw the bow, to Tubal, and Javan, to the isles afar off, that have not heard my fame, neither have seen my glory; and they shall declare my glory among the Gentiles.	
Isaiah 66:23	And it shall come to pass, that from one new moon to another, and from one sabbath to another, shall all flesh come to worship before me, saith the LORD.	
Isaiah 66:3	He that killeth an ox is as if he slew a man; he that sacrificeth a lamb, as if he cut off a dog's neck; he that offereth an oblation, as if he offered swine's blood; he that burneth incense, as if he blessed an idol. Yea, they have chosen their own ways, and their soul delighteth in their abominations.	
Isaiah 66:5	Hear the word of the LORD, ye that tremble at his word; Your brethren that hated you, that cast you out for my name's sake, said, Let the LORD be glorified: but he shall appear to your joy, and they shall be ashamed.	
Isaiah 6:10	Make the heart of this people fat, and make their ears heavy, and shut their eyes; lest they see with their eyes, and hear with their ears, and understand with their heart, and convert, and be healed.	
Isaiah 6:12	And the LORD have removed men far away, and there be a great forsaking in the midst of the land.	
Isaiah 6:4	And the posts of the door moved at the voice of him that cried, and the house was filled with smoke.	
Isaiah 6:9	And he said, Go, and tell this people, Hear ye indeed, but understand not; and see ye indeed, but perceive not.	
Isaiah 7:18	And it shall come to pass in that day, that the LORD shall hiss for the fly that is in the uttermost part of the rivers of Egypt, and for the bee that is in the land of Assyria.	
Isaiah 7:23	And it shall come to pass in that day, that every place shall be, where there were a thousand vines at a thousand silverlings, it shall even be for briers and thorns.	
Isaiah 7:4	And say unto him, Take heed, and be quiet; fear not, neither be fainthearted for the two tails of these smoking firebrands, for the fierce anger of Rezin with Syria, and of the son of Remaliah.	
Isaiah 7:7	Thus saith the Lord GOD, It shall not stand, neither shall it come to pass.	
Isaiah 7:8	For the head of Syria is Damascus, and the head of Damascus is Rezin; and within threescore and five years shall Ephraim be broken, that it be not a people.	
Isaiah 8:15	And many among them shall stumble, and fall, and be broken, and be snared, and be taken.	
Isaiah 8:19	And when they shall say unto you, Seek unto them that have familiar spirits, and unto wizards that peep, and that mutter: should not a people seek unto their God? for the living to the dead?	
Isaiah 8:20	To the law and to the testimony: if they speak not according to this word, it is because there is no light in them.	
Isaiah 8:21	And they shall pass through it, hardly bestead and hungry: and it shall come to pass, that when they shall be hungry, they shall fret themselves, and curse their king and their God, and look upward.	
Isaiah 8:4	For before the child shall have knowledge to cry, My father, and my mother, the riches of Damascus and the spoil of Samaria shall be taken away before the king of Assyria.	
Isaiah 8:5	The LORD spake also unto me again, saying,	
Isaiah 8:8	And he shall pass through Judah; he shall overflow and go over, he shall reach even to the neck; and the stretching out of his wings shall fill the breadth of thy land, O Immanuel.	
Isaiah 9:20	And he shall snatch on the right hand, and be hungry; and he shall eat on the left hand, and they shall not be satisfied: they shall eat every man the flesh of his own arm:	
Isaiah 9:21	Manasseh, Ephraim; and Ephraim, Manasseh: and they together shall be against Judah. For all this his anger is not turned away, but his hand is stretched out still.	
Isaiah 9:4	For thou hast broken the yoke of his burden, and the staff of his shoulder, the rod of his oppressor, as in the day of Midian.	
Isaiah 9:8	The Lord sent a word into Jacob, and it hath lighted upon Israel.	
James 1:14	But every man is tempted, when he is drawn away of his own lust, and enticed.	
James 1:16	Do not err, my beloved brethren.	
James 1:20	For the wrath of man worketh not the righteousness of God.	
James 1:4	But let patience have her perfect work, that ye may be perfect and entire, wanting nothing.	
James 1:8	A double minded man is unstable in all his ways.	
James 1:9	Let the brother of low degree rejoice in that he is exalted:	
James 2:12	So speak ye, and so do, as they that shall be judged by the law of liberty.	
James 2:16	And one of you say unto them, Depart in peace, be ye warmed and filled; notwithstanding ye give them not those things which are needful to the body; what doth it profit?	
James 2:17	Even so faith, if it hath not works, is dead, being alone.	
James 2:18	Yea, a man may say, Thou hast faith, and I have works: shew me thy faith without thy works, and I will shew thee my faith by my works.	
James 2:25	Likewise also was not Rahab the harlot justified by works, when she had received the messengers, and had sent them out another way?	
James 2:7	Do not they blaspheme that worthy name by the which ye are called?	
James 2:8	If ye fulfil the royal law according to the scripture, Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself, ye do well:	
James 3:11	Doth a fountain send forth at the same place sweet water and bitter?	
James 3:12	Can the fig tree, my brethren, bear olive berries? either a vine, figs? so can no fountain both yield salt water and fresh.	
James 3:14	But if ye have bitter envying and strife in your hearts, glory not, and lie not against the truth.	
James 3:17	But the wisdom that is from above is first pure, then peaceable, gentle, and easy to be intreated, full of mercy and good fruits, without partiality, and without hypocrisy.	
James 3:3	Behold, we put bits in the horses' mouths, that they may obey us; and we turn about their whole body.	
James 3:6	And the tongue is a fire, a world of iniquity: so is the tongue among our members, that it defileth the whole body, and setteth on fire the course of nature; and it is set on fire of hell.	
James 4:1	From whence come wars and fightings among you? come they not hence, even of your lusts that war in your members?	
James 4:12	There is one lawgiver, who is able to save and to destroy: who art thou that judgest another?	
James 4:17	Therefore to him that knoweth to do good, and doeth it not, to him it is sin.	
James 4:3	Ye ask, and receive not, because ye ask amiss, that ye may consume it upon your lusts.	
James 4:8	Draw nigh to God, and he will draw nigh to you. Cleanse your hands, ye sinners; and purify your hearts, ye double minded.	
James 4:9	Be afflicted, and mourn, and weep: let your laughter be turned to mourning, and your joy to heaviness.	
James 5:1	Go to now, ye rich men, weep and howl for your miseries that shall come upon you.	
James 5:13	Is any among you afflicted? let him pray. Is any merry? let him sing psalms.	
James 5:16	Confess your faults one to another, and pray one for another, that ye may be healed. The effectual fervent prayer of a righteous man availeth much.	
James 5:17	Elias was a man subject to like passions as we are, and he prayed earnestly that it might not rain: and it rained not on the earth by the space of three years and six months.	
James 5:2	Your riches are corrupted, and your garments are motheaten.	
James 5:3	Your gold and silver is cankered; and the rust of them shall be a witness against you, and shall eat your flesh as it were fire. Ye have heaped treasure together for the last days.	
James 5:4	Behold, the hire of the labourers who have reaped down your fields, which is of you kept back by fraud, crieth: and the cries of them which have reaped are entered into the ears of the Lord of sabaoth.	
James 5:9	Grudge not one against another, brethren, lest ye be condemned: behold, the judge standeth before the door.	
Jeremiah 10:10	But the LORD is the true God, he is the living God, and an everlasting king: at his wrath the earth shall tremble, and the nations shall not be able to abide his indignation.	
Jeremiah 10:16	The portion of Jacob is not like them: for he is the former of all things; and Israel is the rod of his inheritance: The LORD of hosts is his name.	
Jeremiah 10:23	O LORD, I know that the way of man is not in himself: it is not in man that walketh to direct his steps.	
Jeremiah 10:3	For the customs of the people are vain: for one cutteth a tree out of the forest, the work of the hands of the workman, with the axe.	
Jeremiah 10:5	They are upright as the palm tree, but speak not: they must needs be borne, because they cannot go. Be not afraid of them; for they cannot do evil, neither also is it in them to do good.	
Jeremiah 11:12	Then shall the cities of Judah and inhabitants of Jerusalem go, and cry unto the gods unto whom they offer incense: but they shall not save them at all in the time of their trouble.	
Jeremiah 11:16	The LORD called thy name, A green olive tree, fair, and of goodly fruit: with the noise of a great tumult he hath kindled fire upon it, and the branches of it are broken.	
Jeremiah 11:19	But I was like a lamb or an ox that is brought to the slaughter; and I knew not that they had devised devices against me, saying, Let us destroy the tree with the fruit thereof, and let us cut him off from the land of the living, that his name may be no more remembered.	
Jeremiah 11:3	And say thou unto them, Thus saith the LORD God of Israel; Cursed be the man that obeyeth not the words of this covenant,	
Jeremiah 11:9	And the LORD said unto me, A conspiracy is found among the men of Judah, and among the inhabitants of Jerusalem.	
Jeremiah 12:1	Righteous art thou, O LORD, when I plead with thee: yet let me talk with thee of thy judgments: Wherefore doth the way of the wicked prosper? wherefore are all they happy that deal very treacherously?	
Jeremiah 12:17	But if they will not obey, I will utterly pluck up and destroy that nation, saith the LORD.	
Jeremiah 12:6	For even thy brethren, and the house of thy father, even they have dealt treacherously with thee; yea, they have called a multitude after thee: believe them not, though they speak fair words unto thee.	
Jeremiah 12:8	Mine heritage is unto me as a lion in the forest; it crieth out against me: therefore have I hated it.	
Jeremiah 13:10	This evil people, which refuse to hear my words, which walk in the imagination of their heart, and walk after other gods, to serve them, and to worship them, shall even be as this girdle, which is good for nothing.	
Jeremiah 13:14	And I will dash them one against another, even the fathers and the sons together, saith the LORD: I will not pity, nor spare, nor have mercy, but destroy them.	
Jeremiah 13:21	What wilt thou say when he shall punish thee? for thou hast taught them to be captains, and as chief over thee: shall not sorrows take thee, as a woman in travail?	
Jeremiah 13:26	Therefore will I discover thy skirts upon thy face, that thy shame may appear.	
Jeremiah 13:3	And the word of the LORD came unto me the second time, saying,	
Jeremiah 13:4	Take the girdle that thou hast got, which is upon thy loins, and arise, go to Euphrates, and hide it there in a hole of the rock.	
Jeremiah 14:10	Thus saith the LORD unto this people, Thus have they loved to wander, they have not refrained their feet, therefore the LORD doth not accept them; he will now remember their iniquity, and visit their sins.	
Jeremiah 14:13	Then said I, Ah, Lord GOD! behold, the prophets say unto them, Ye shall not see the sword, neither shall ye have famine; but I will give you assured peace in this place.	
Jeremiah 14:6	And the wild asses did stand in the high places, they snuffed up the wind like dragons; their eyes did fail, because there was no grass.	
Jeremiah 15:10	Woe is me, my mother, that thou hast borne me a man of strife and a man of contention to the whole earth! I have neither lent on usury, nor men have lent to me on usury; yet every one of them doth curse me.	
Jeremiah 15:11	The LORD said, Verily it shall be well with thy remnant; verily I will cause the enemy to entreat thee well in the time of evil and in the time of affliction.	
Jeremiah 15:12	Shall iron break the northern iron and the steel?	
Jeremiah 15:13	Thy substance and thy treasures will I give to the spoil without price, and that for all thy sins, even in all thy borders.	
Jeremiah 15:17	I sat not in the assembly of the mockers, nor rejoiced; I sat alone because of thy hand: for thou hast filled me with indignation.	
Jeremiah 15:18	Why is my pain perpetual, and my wound incurable, which refuseth to be healed? wilt thou be altogether unto me as a liar, and as waters that fail?	
Jeremiah 15:2	And it shall come to pass, if they say unto thee, Whither shall we go forth? then thou shalt tell them, Thus saith the LORD; Such as are for death, to death; and such as are for the sword, to the sword; and such as are for the famine, to the famine; and such as are for the captivity, to the captivity.	
Jeremiah 15:5	For who shall have pity upon thee, O Jerusalem? or who shall bemoan thee? or who shall go aside to ask how thou doest?	
Jeremiah 16:12	And ye have done worse than your fathers; for, behold, ye walk every one after the imagination of his evil heart, that they may not hearken unto me:	
Jeremiah 16:13	Therefore will I cast you out of this land into a land that ye know not, neither ye nor your fathers; and there shall ye serve other gods day and night; where I will not shew you favour.	
Jeremiah 16:14	Therefore, behold, the days come, saith the LORD, that it shall no more be said, The LORD liveth, that brought up the children of Israel out of the land of Egypt;	
Jeremiah 16:18	And first I will recompense their iniquity and their sin double; because they have defiled my land, they have filled mine inheritance with the carcases of their detestable and abominable things.	
Jeremiah 16:19	O LORD, my strength, and my fortress, and my refuge in the day of affliction, the Gentiles shall come unto thee from the ends of the earth, and shall say, Surely our fathers have inherited lies, vanity, and things wherein there is no profit.	
Jeremiah 16:2	Thou shalt not take thee a wife, neither shalt thou have sons or daughters in this place.	
Jeremiah 16:20	Shall a man make gods unto himself, and they are no gods?	
Jeremiah 16:6	Both the great and the small shall die in this land: they shall not be buried, neither shall men lament for them, nor cut themselves, nor make themselves bald for them:	
Jeremiah 17:1	The sin of Judah is written with a pen of iron, and with the point of a diamond: it is graven upon the table of their heart, and upon the horns of your altars;	
Jeremiah 17:12	A glorious high throne from the beginning is the place of our sanctuary.	
Jeremiah 17:13	O LORD, the hope of Israel, all that forsake thee shall be ashamed, and they that depart from me shall be written in the earth, because they have forsaken the LORD, the fountain of living waters.	
Jeremiah 17:15	Behold, they say unto me, Where is the word of the LORD? let it come now.	
Jeremiah 17:24	And it shall come to pass, if ye diligently hearken unto me, saith the LORD, to bring in no burden through the gates of this city on the sabbath day, but hallow the sabbath day, to do no work therein;	
Jeremiah 17:25	Then shall there enter into the gates of this city kings and princes sitting upon the throne of David, riding in chariots and on horses, they, and their princes, the men of Judah, and the inhabitants of Jerusalem: and this city shall remain for ever.	
Jeremiah 17:3	O my mountain in the field, I will give thy substance and all thy treasures to the spoil, and thy high places for sin, throughout all thy borders.	
Jeremiah 17:8	For he shall be as a tree planted by the waters, and that spreadeth out her roots by the river, and shall not see when heat cometh, but her leaf shall be green; and shall not be careful in the year of drought, neither shall cease from yielding fruit.	
Jeremiah 17:9	The heart is deceitful above all things, and desperately wicked: who can know it?	
Jeremiah 18:12	And they said, There is no hope: but we will walk after our own devices, and we will every one do the imagination of his evil heart.	
Jeremiah 18:13	Therefore thus saith the LORD; Ask ye now among the heathen, who hath heard such things: the virgin of Israel hath done a very horrible thing.	
Jeremiah 18:15	Because my people hath forgotten me, they have burned incense to vanity, and they have caused them to stumble in their ways from the ancient paths, to walk in paths, in a way not cast up;	
Jeremiah 18:16	To make their land desolate, and a perpetual hissing; every one that passeth thereby shall be astonished, and wag his head.	
Jeremiah 18:19	Give heed to me, O LORD, and hearken to the voice of them that contend with me.	
Jeremiah 18:4	And the vessel that he made of clay was marred in the hand of the potter: so he made it again another vessel, as seemed good to the potter to make it.	
Jeremiah 18:6	O house of Israel, cannot I do with you as this potter? saith the LORD. Behold, as the clay is in the potter's hand, so are ye in mine hand, O house of Israel.	
Jeremiah 18:8	If that nation, against whom I have pronounced, turn from their evil, I will repent of the evil that I thought to do unto them.	
Jeremiah 18:9	And at what instant I shall speak concerning a nation, and concerning a kingdom, to build and to plant it;	
Jeremiah 19:4	Because they have forsaken me, and have estranged this place, and have burned incense in it unto other gods, whom neither they nor their fathers have known, nor the kings of Judah, and have filled this place with the blood of innocents;	
Jeremiah 19:5	They have built also the high places of Baal, to burn their sons with fire for burnt offerings unto Baal, which I commanded not, nor spake it, neither came it into my mind:	
Jeremiah 19:6	Therefore, behold, the days come, saith the LORD, that this place shall no more be called Tophet, nor The valley of the son of Hinnom, but The valley of slaughter.	
Jeremiah 19:8	And I will make this city desolate, and an hissing; every one that passeth thereby shall be astonished and hiss because of all the plagues thereof.	
Jeremiah 1:12	Then said the LORD unto me, Thou hast well seen: for I will hasten my word to perform it.	
Jeremiah 1:4	Then the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,	
Jeremiah 20:15	Cursed be the man who brought tidings to my father, saying, A man child is born unto thee; making him very glad.	
Jeremiah 20:3	And it came to pass on the morrow, that Pashur brought forth Jeremiah out of the stocks. Then said Jeremiah unto him, The LORD hath not called thy name Pashur, but Magormissabib.	
Jeremiah 20:7	O LORD, thou hast deceived me, and I was deceived; thou art stronger than I, and hast prevailed: I am in derision daily, every one mocketh me.	
Jeremiah 20:8	For since I spake, I cried out, I cried violence and spoil; because the word of the LORD was made a reproach unto me, and a derision, daily.	
Jeremiah 20:9	Then I said, I will not make mention of him, nor speak any more in his name. But his word was in mine heart as a burning fire shut up in my bones, and I was weary with forbearing, and I could not stay.	
Jeremiah 21:12	O house of David, thus saith the LORD; Execute judgment in the morning, and deliver him that is spoiled out of the hand of the oppressor, lest my fury go out like fire, and burn that none can quench it, because of the evil of your doings.	
Jeremiah 22:10	Weep ye not for the dead, neither bemoan him: but weep sore for him that goeth away: for he shall return no more, nor see his native country.	
Jeremiah 22:11	For thus saith the LORD touching Shallum the son of Josiah king of Judah, which reigned instead of Josiah his father, which went forth out of this place; He shall not return thither any more:	
Jeremiah 22:14	That saith, I will build me a wide house and large chambers, and cutteth him out windows; and it is cieled with cedar, and painted with vermilion.	
Jeremiah 22:15	Shalt thou reign, because thou closest thyself in cedar? did not thy father eat and drink, and do judgment and justice, and then it was well with him?	
Jeremiah 22:16	He judged the cause of the poor and needy; then it was well with him: was not this to know me? saith the LORD.	
Jeremiah 22:20	Go up to Lebanon, and cry; and lift up thy voice in Bashan, and cry from the passages: for all thy lovers are destroyed.	
Jeremiah 22:21	I spake unto thee in thy prosperity; but thou saidst, I will not hear. This hath been thy manner from thy youth, that thou obeyedst not my voice.	
Jeremiah 22:3	Thus saith the LORD; Execute ye judgment and righteousness, and deliver the spoiled out of the hand of the oppressor: and do no wrong, do no violence to the stranger, the fatherless, nor the widow, neither shed innocent blood in this place.	
Jeremiah 22:30	Thus saith the LORD, Write ye this man childless, a man that shall not prosper in his days: for no man of his seed shall prosper, sitting upon the throne of David, and ruling any more in Judah.	
Jeremiah 22:6	For thus saith the LORD unto the king's house of Judah; Thou art Gilead unto me, and the head of Lebanon: yet surely I will make thee a wilderness, and cities which are not inhabited.	
Jeremiah 22:8	And many nations shall pass by this city, and they shall say every man to his neighbour, Wherefore hath the LORD done thus unto this great city?	
Jeremiah 23:10	For the land is full of adulterers; for because of swearing the land mourneth; the pleasant places of the wilderness are dried up, and their course is evil, and their force is not right.	
Jeremiah 23:12	Wherefore their way shall be unto them as slippery ways in the darkness: they shall be driven on, and fall therein: for I will bring evil upon them, even the year of their visitation, saith the LORD.	
Jeremiah 23:20	The anger of the LORD shall not return, until he have executed, and till he have performed the thoughts of his heart: in the latter days ye shall consider it perfectly.	
Jeremiah 23:21	I have not sent these prophets, yet they ran: I have not spoken to them, yet they prophesied.	
Jeremiah 23:22	But if they had stood in my counsel, and had caused my people to hear my words, then they should have turned them from their evil way, and from the evil of their doings.	
Jeremiah 23:25	I have heard what the prophets said, that prophesy lies in my name, saying, I have dreamed, I have dreamed.	
Jeremiah 23:29	Is not my word like as a fire? saith the LORD; and like a hammer that breaketh the rock in pieces?	
Jeremiah 23:31	Behold, I am against the prophets, saith the LORD, that use their tongues, and say, He saith.	
Jeremiah 23:34	And as for the prophet, and the priest, and the people, that shall say, The burden of the LORD, I will even punish that man and his house.	
Jeremiah 23:36	And the burden of the LORD shall ye mention no more: for every man's word shall be his burden; for ye have perverted the words of the living God, of the LORD of hosts our God.	
Jeremiah 24:4	Again the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,	
Jeremiah 25:10	Moreover I will take from them the voice of mirth, and the voice of gladness, the voice of the bridegroom, and the voice of the bride, the sound of the millstones, and the light of the candle.	
Jeremiah 25:19	Pharaoh king of Egypt, and his servants, and his princes, and all his people;	
Jeremiah 25:23	Dedan, and Tema, and Buz, and all that are in the utmost corners,	
Jeremiah 25:24	And all the kings of Arabia, and all the kings of the mingled people that dwell in the desert,	
Jeremiah 25:37	And the peaceable habitations are cut down because of the fierce anger of the LORD.	
Jeremiah 25:8	Therefore thus saith the LORD of hosts; Because ye have not heard my words,	
Jeremiah 26:13	Therefore now amend your ways and your doings, and obey the voice of the LORD your God; and the LORD will repent him of the evil that he hath pronounced against you.	
Jeremiah 26:15	But know ye for certain, that if ye put me to death, ye shall surely bring innocent blood upon yourselves, and upon this city, and upon the inhabitants thereof: for of a truth the LORD hath sent me unto you to speak all these words in your ears.	
Jeremiah 26:18	Micah the Morasthite prophesied in the days of Hezekiah king of Judah, and spake to all the people of Judah, saying, Thus saith the LORD of hosts; Zion shall be plowed like a field, and Jerusalem shall become heaps, and the mountain of the house as the high places of a forest.	
Jeremiah 26:2	Thus saith the LORD; Stand in the court of the LORD's house, and speak unto all the cities of Judah, which come to worship in the LORD's house, all the words that I command thee to speak unto them; diminish not a word:	
Jeremiah 26:22	And Jehoiakim the king sent men into Egypt, namely, Elnathan the son of Achbor, and certain men with him into Egypt.	
Jeremiah 26:3	If so be they will hearken, and turn every man from his evil way, that I may repent me of the evil, which I purpose to do unto them because of the evil of their doings.	
Jeremiah 27:10	For they prophesy a lie unto you, to remove you far from your land; and that I should drive you out, and ye should perish.	
Jeremiah 27:12	I spake also to Zedekiah king of Judah according to all these words, saying, Bring your necks under the yoke of the king of Babylon, and serve him and his people, and live.	
Jeremiah 27:18	But if they be prophets, and if the word of the LORD be with them, let them now make intercession to the LORD of hosts, that the vessels which are left in the house of the LORD, and in the house of the king of Judah, and at Jerusalem, go not to Babylon.	
Jeremiah 27:8	And it shall come to pass, that the nation and kingdom which will not serve the same Nebuchadnezzar the king of Babylon, and that will not put their neck under the yoke of the king of Babylon, that nation will I punish, saith the LORD, with the sword, and with the famine, and with the pestilence, until I have consumed them by his hand.	
Jeremiah 27:9	Therefore hearken not ye to your prophets, nor to your diviners, nor to your dreamers, nor to your enchanters, nor to your sorcerers, which speak unto you, saying, Ye shall not serve the king of Babylon:	
Jeremiah 28:13	Go and tell Hananiah, saying, Thus saith the LORD; Thou hast broken the yokes of wood; but thou shalt make for them yokes of iron.	
Jeremiah 28:15	Then said the prophet Jeremiah unto Hananiah the prophet, Hear now, Hananiah; The LORD hath not sent thee; but thou makest this people to trust in a lie.	
Jeremiah 28:16	Therefore thus saith the LORD; Behold, I will cast thee from off the face of the earth: this year thou shalt die, because thou hast taught rebellion against the LORD.	
Jeremiah 28:6	Even the prophet Jeremiah said, Amen: the LORD do so: the LORD perform thy words which thou hast prophesied, to bring again the vessels of the LORD's house, and all that is carried away captive, from Babylon into this place.	
Jeremiah 29:10	For thus saith the LORD, That after seventy years be accomplished at Babylon I will visit you, and perform my good word toward you, in causing you to return to this place.	
Jeremiah 29:11	For I know the thoughts that I think toward you, saith the LORD, thoughts of peace, and not of evil, to give you an expected end.	
Jeremiah 29:14	And I will be found of you, saith the LORD: and I will turn away your captivity, and I will gather you from all the nations, and from all the places whither I have driven you, saith the LORD; and I will bring you again into the place whence I caused you to be carried away captive.	
Jeremiah 29:16	Know that thus saith the LORD of the king that sitteth upon the throne of David, and of all the people that dwelleth in this city, and of your brethren that are not gone forth with you into captivity;	
Jeremiah 29:18	And I will persecute them with the sword, with the famine, and with the pestilence, and will deliver them to be removed to all the kingdoms of the earth, to be a curse, and an astonishment, and an hissing, and a reproach, among all the nations whither I have driven them:	
Jeremiah 29:24	Thus shalt thou also speak to Shemaiah the Nehelamite, saying,	
Jeremiah 29:3	By the hand of Elasah the son of Shaphan, and Gemariah the son of Hilkiah, (whom Zedekiah king of Judah sent unto Babylon to Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon) saying,	
Jeremiah 29:30	Then came the word of the LORD unto Jeremiah, saying,	
Jeremiah 29:7	And seek the peace of the city whither I have caused you to be carried away captives, and pray unto the LORD for it: for in the peace thereof shall ye have peace.	
Jeremiah 2:10	For pass over the isles of Chittim, and see; and send unto Kedar, and consider diligently, and see if there be such a thing.	
Jeremiah 2:12	Be astonished, O ye heavens, at this, and be horribly afraid, be ye very desolate, saith the LORD.	
Jeremiah 2:13	For my people have committed two evils; they have forsaken me the fountain of living waters, and hewed them out cisterns, broken cisterns, that can hold no water.	
Jeremiah 2:29	Wherefore will ye plead with me? ye all have transgressed against me, saith the LORD.	
Jeremiah 2:30	In vain have I smitten your children; they received no correction: your own sword hath devoured your prophets, like a destroying lion.	
Jeremiah 2:34	Also in thy skirts is found the blood of the souls of the poor innocents: I have not found it by secret search, but upon all these.	
Jeremiah 2:35	Yet thou sayest, Because I am innocent, surely his anger shall turn from me. Behold, I will plead with thee, because thou sayest, I have not sinned.	
Jeremiah 2:4	Hear ye the word of the LORD, O house of Jacob, and all the families of the house of Israel:	
Jeremiah 30:18	Thus saith the LORD; Behold, I will bring again the captivity of Jacob's tents, and have mercy on his dwellingplaces; and the city shall be builded upon her own heap, and the palace shall remain after the manner thereof.	
Jeremiah 30:21	And their nobles shall be of themselves, and their governor shall proceed from the midst of them; and I will cause him to draw near, and he shall approach unto me: for who is this that engaged his heart to approach unto me? saith the LORD.	
Jeremiah 30:3	For, lo, the days come, saith the LORD, that I will bring again the captivity of my people Israel and Judah, saith the LORD: and I will cause them to return to the land that I gave to their fathers, and they shall possess it.	
Jeremiah 30:4	And these are the words that the LORD spake concerning Israel and concerning Judah.	
Jeremiah 31:10	Hear the word of the LORD, O ye nations, and declare it in the isles afar off, and say, He that scattered Israel will gather him, and keep him, as a shepherd doth his flock.	
Jeremiah 31:11	For the LORD hath redeemed Jacob, and ransomed him from the hand of him that was stronger than he.	
Jeremiah 31:21	Set thee up waymarks, make thee high heaps: set thine heart toward the highway, even the way which thou wentest: turn again, O virgin of Israel, turn again to these thy cities.	
Jeremiah 31:24	And there shall dwell in Judah itself, and in all the cities thereof together, husbandmen, and they that go forth with flocks.	
Jeremiah 31:3	The LORD hath appeared of old unto me, saying, Yea, I have loved thee with an everlasting love: therefore with lovingkindness have I drawn thee.	
Jeremiah 31:31	Behold, the days come, saith the LORD, that I will make a new covenant with the house of Israel, and with the house of Judah:	
Jeremiah 31:35	Thus saith the LORD, which giveth the sun for a light by day, and the ordinances of the moon and of the stars for a light by night, which divideth the sea when the waves thereof roar; The LORD of hosts is his name:	
Jeremiah 31:39	And the measuring line shall yet go forth over against it upon the hill Gareb, and shall compass about to Goath.	
Jeremiah 31:5	Thou shalt yet plant vines upon the mountains of Samaria: the planters shall plant, and shall eat them as common things.	
Jeremiah 31:7	For thus saith the LORD; Sing with gladness for Jacob, and shout among the chief of the nations: publish ye, praise ye, and say, O LORD, save thy people, the remnant of Israel.	
Jeremiah 32:10	And I subscribed the evidence, and sealed it, and took witnesses, and weighed him the money in the balances.	
Jeremiah 32:15	For thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; Houses and fields and vineyards shall be possessed again in this land.	
Jeremiah 32:22	And hast given them this land, which thou didst swear to their fathers to give them, a land flowing with milk and honey;	
Jeremiah 32:23	And they came in, and possessed it; but they obeyed not thy voice, neither walked in thy law; they have done nothing of all that thou commandedst them to do: therefore thou hast caused all this evil to come upon them:	
Jeremiah 32:24	Behold the mounts, they are come unto the city to take it; and the city is given into the hand of the Chaldeans, that fight against it, because of the sword, and of the famine, and of the pestilence: and what thou hast spoken is come to pass; and, behold, thou seest it.	
Jeremiah 32:31	For this city hath been to me as a provocation of mine anger and of my fury from the day that they built it even unto this day; that I should remove it from before my face,	
Jeremiah 32:6	And Jeremiah said, The word of the LORD came unto me, saying,	
Jeremiah 32:8	So Hanameel mine uncle's son came to me in the court of the prison according to the word of the LORD, and said unto me, Buy my field, I pray thee, that is in Anathoth, which is in the country of Benjamin: for the right of inheritance is thine, and the redemption is thine; buy it for thyself. Then I knew that this was the word of the LORD.	
Jeremiah 33:10	Thus saith the LORD; Again there shall be heard in this place, which ye say shall be desolate without man and without beast, even in the cities of Judah, and in the streets of Jerusalem, that are desolate, without man, and without inhabitant, and without beast,	
Jeremiah 33:13	In the cities of the mountains, in the cities of the vale, and in the cities of the south, and in the land of Benjamin, and in the places about Jerusalem, and in the cities of Judah, shall the flocks pass again under the hands of him that telleth them, saith the LORD.	
Jeremiah 33:3	Call unto me, and I will answer thee, and shew thee great and mighty things, which thou knowest not.	
Jeremiah 33:7	And I will cause the captivity of Judah and the captivity of Israel to return, and will build them, as at the first.	
Jeremiah 34:10	Now when all the princes, and all the people, which had entered into the covenant, heard that every one should let his manservant, and every one his maidservant, go free, that none should serve themselves of them any more, then they obeyed, and let them go.	
Jeremiah 34:15	And ye were now turned, and had done right in my sight, in proclaiming liberty every man to his neighbour; and ye had made a covenant before me in the house which is called by my name:	
Jeremiah 34:16	But ye turned and polluted my name, and caused every man his servant, and every man his handmaid, whom he had set at liberty at their pleasure, to return, and brought them into subjection, to be unto you for servants and for handmaids.	
Jeremiah 34:20	I will even give them into the hand of their enemies, and into the hand of them that seek their life: and their dead bodies shall be for meat unto the fowls of the heaven, and to the beasts of the earth.	
Jeremiah 34:8	This is the word that came unto Jeremiah from the LORD, after that the king Zedekiah had made a covenant with all the people which were at Jerusalem, to proclaim liberty unto them;	
Jeremiah 35:10	But we have dwelt in tents, and have obeyed, and done according to all that Jonadab our father commanded us.	
Jeremiah 35:11	But it came to pass, when Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon came up into the land, that we said, Come, and let us go to Jerusalem for fear of the army of the Chaldeans, and for fear of the army of the Syrians: so we dwell at Jerusalem.	
Jeremiah 35:13	Thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; Go and tell the men of Judah and the inhabitants of Jerusalem, Will ye not receive instruction to hearken to my words? saith the LORD.	
Jeremiah 35:16	Because the sons of Jonadab the son of Rechab have performed the commandment of their father, which he commanded them; but this people hath not hearkened unto me:	
Jeremiah 35:19	Therefore thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; Jonadab the son of Rechab shall not want a man to stand before me for ever.	
Jeremiah 35:5	And I set before the sons of the house of the Rechabites pots full of wine, and cups, and I said unto them, Drink ye wine.	
Jeremiah 35:9	Nor to build houses for us to dwell in: neither have we vineyard, nor field, nor seed:	
Jeremiah 36:12	Then he went down into the king's house, into the scribe's chamber: and, lo, all the princes sat there, even Elishama the scribe, and Delaiah the son of Shemaiah, and Elnathan the son of Achbor, and Gemariah the son of Shaphan, and Zedekiah the son of Hananiah, and all the princes.	
Jeremiah 36:13	Then Michaiah declared unto them all the words that he had heard, when Baruch read the book in the ears of the people.	
Jeremiah 36:15	And they said unto him, Sit down now, and read it in our ears. So Baruch read it in their ears.	
Jeremiah 36:16	Now it came to pass, when they had heard all the words, they were afraid both one and other, and said unto Baruch, We will surely tell the king of all these words.	
Jeremiah 36:25	Nevertheless Elnathan and Delaiah and Gemariah had made intercession to the king that he would not burn the roll: but he would not hear them.	
Jeremiah 36:26	But the king commanded Jerahmeel the son of Hammelech, and Seraiah the son of Azriel, and Shelemiah the son of Abdeel, to take Baruch the scribe and Jeremiah the prophet: but the LORD hid them.	
Jeremiah 36:27	Then the word of the LORD came to Jeremiah, after that the king had burned the roll, and the words which Baruch wrote at the mouth of Jeremiah, saying,	
Jeremiah 36:4	Then Jeremiah called Baruch the son of Neriah: and Baruch wrote from the mouth of Jeremiah all the words of the LORD, which he had spoken unto him, upon a roll of a book.	
Jeremiah 37:10	For though ye had smitten the whole army of the Chaldeans that fight against you, and there remained but wounded men among them, yet should they rise up every man in his tent, and burn this city with fire.	
Jeremiah 37:13	And when he was in the gate of Benjamin, a captain of the ward was there, whose name was Irijah, the son of Shelemiah, the son of Hananiah; and he took Jeremiah the prophet, saying, Thou fallest away to the Chaldeans.	
Jeremiah 37:14	Then said Jeremiah, It is false; I fall not away to the Chaldeans. But he hearkened not to him: so Irijah took Jeremiah, and brought him to the princes.	
Jeremiah 37:21	Then Zedekiah the king commanded that they should commit Jeremiah into the court of the prison, and that they should give him daily a piece of bread out of the bakers' street, until all the bread in the city were spent. Thus Jeremiah remained in the court of the prison.	
Jeremiah 38:10	|Then the king commanded Ebedmelech the Ethiopian, saying, Take from hence thirty men with thee, and take up Jeremiah the prophet out of the dungeon, before he die.	
Jeremiah 38:12	And Ebedmelech the Ethiopian said unto Jeremiah, Put now these old cast clouts and rotten rags under thine armholes under the cords. And Jeremiah did so.	
Jeremiah 38:19	And Zedekiah the king said unto Jeremiah, I am afraid of the Jews that are fallen to the Chaldeans, lest they deliver me into their hand, and they mock me.	
Jeremiah 38:2	Thus saith the LORD, He that remaineth in this city shall die by the sword, by the famine, and by the pestilence: but he that goeth forth to the Chaldeans shall live; for he shall have his life for a prey, and shall live.	
Jeremiah 38:21	But if thou refuse to go forth, this is the word that the LORD hath shewed me:	
Jeremiah 38:23	So they shall bring out all thy wives and thy children to the Chaldeans: and thou shalt not escape out of their hand, but shalt be taken by the hand of the king of Babylon: and thou shalt cause this city to be burned with fire.	
Jeremiah 38:25	But if the princes hear that I have talked with thee, and they come unto thee, and say unto thee, Declare unto us now what thou hast said unto the king, hide it not from us, and we will not put thee to death; also what the king said unto thee:	
Jeremiah 38:3	Thus saith the LORD, This city shall surely be given into the hand of the king of Babylon's army, which shall take it.	
Jeremiah 38:7	Now when Ebedmelech the Ethiopian, one of the eunuchs which was in the king's house, heard that they had put Jeremiah in the dungeon; the king then sitting in the gate of Benjamin;	
Jeremiah 39:5	But the Chaldeans' army pursued after them, and overtook Zedekiah in the plains of Jericho: and when they had taken him, they brought him up to Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon to Riblah in the land of Hamath, where he gave judgment upon him.	
Jeremiah 3:11	And the LORD said unto me, The backsliding Israel hath justified herself more than treacherous Judah.	
Jeremiah 3:14	Turn, O backsliding children, saith the LORD; for I am married unto you: and I will take you one of a city, and two of a family, and I will bring you to Zion:	
Jeremiah 3:24	For shame hath devoured the labour of our fathers from our youth; their flocks and their herds, their sons and their daughters.	
Jeremiah 3:3	Therefore the showers have been withholden, and there hath been no latter rain; and thou hadst a whore's forehead, thou refusedst to be ashamed.	
Jeremiah 3:9	And it came to pass through the lightness of her whoredom, that she defiled the land, and committed adultery with stones and with stocks.	
Jeremiah 40:12	Even all the Jews returned out of all places whither they were driven, and came to the land of Judah, to Gedaliah, unto Mizpah, and gathered wine and summer fruits very much.	
Jeremiah 40:13	Moreover Johanan the son of Kareah, and all the captains of the forces that were in the fields, came to Gedaliah to Mizpah,	
Jeremiah 40:3	Now the LORD hath brought it, and done according as he hath said: because ye have sinned against the LORD, and have not obeyed his voice, therefore this thing is come upon you.	
Jeremiah 40:5	Now while he was not yet gone back, he said, Go back also to Gedaliah the son of Ahikam the son of Shaphan, whom the king of Babylon hath made governor over the cities of Judah, and dwell with him among the people: or go wheresoever it seemeth convenient unto thee to go. So the captain of the guard gave him victuals and a reward, and let him go.	
Jeremiah 41:11	But when Johanan the son of Kareah, and all the captains of the forces that were with him, heard of all the evil that Ishmael the son of Nethaniah had done,	
Jeremiah 41:13	Now it came to pass, that when all the people which were with Ishmael saw Johanan the son of Kareah, and all the captains of the forces that were with him, then they were glad.	
Jeremiah 41:2	Then arose Ishmael the son of Nethaniah, and the ten men that were with him, and smote Gedaliah the son of Ahikam the son of Shaphan with the sword, and slew him, whom the king of Babylon had made governor over the land.	
Jeremiah 41:3	Ishmael also slew all the Jews that were with him, even with Gedaliah, at Mizpah, and the Chaldeans that were found there, and the men of war.	
Jeremiah 41:6	And Ishmael the son of Nethaniah went forth from Mizpah to meet them, weeping all along as he went: and it came to pass, as he met them, he said unto them, Come to Gedaliah the son of Ahikam.	
Jeremiah 41:7	And it was so, when they came into the midst of the city, that Ishmael the son of Nethaniah slew them, and cast them into the midst of the pit, he, and the men that were with him.	
Jeremiah 42:1	Then all the captains of the forces, and Johanan the son of Kareah, and Jezaniah the son of Hoshaiah, and all the people from the least even unto the greatest, came near,	
Jeremiah 42:13	But if ye say, We will not dwell in this land, neither obey the voice of the LORD your God,	
Jeremiah 42:16	Then it shall come to pass, that the sword, which ye feared, shall overtake you there in the land of Egypt, and the famine, whereof ye were afraid, shall follow close after you there in Egypt; and there ye shall die.	
Jeremiah 42:5	Then they said to Jeremiah, The LORD be a true and faithful witness between us, if we do not even according to all things for the which the LORD thy God shall send thee to us.	
Jeremiah 42:6	Whether it be good, or whether it be evil, we will obey the voice of the LORD our God, to whom we send thee; that it may be well with us, when we obey the voice of the LORD our God.	
Jeremiah 42:7	And it came to pass after ten days, that the word of the LORD came unto Jeremiah.	
Jeremiah 42:9	And said unto them, Thus saith the LORD, the God of Israel, unto whom ye sent me to present your supplication before him;	
Jeremiah 43:12	And I will kindle a fire in the houses of the gods of Egypt; and he shall burn them, and carry them away captives: and he shall array himself with the land of Egypt, as a shepherd putteth on his garment; and he shall go forth from thence in peace.	
Jeremiah 43:13	He shall break also the images of Bethshemesh, that is in the land of Egypt; and the houses of the gods of the Egyptians shall he burn with fire.	
Jeremiah 43:2	Then spake Azariah the son of Hoshaiah, and Johanan the son of Kareah, and all the proud men, saying unto Jeremiah, Thou speakest falsely: the LORD our God hath not sent thee to say, Go not into Egypt to sojourn there:	
Jeremiah 43:8	Then came the word of the LORD unto Jeremiah in Tahpanhes, saying,	
Jeremiah 44:21	The incense that ye burned in the cities of Judah, and in the streets of Jerusalem, ye, and your fathers, your kings, and your princes, and the people of the land, did not the LORD remember them, and came it not into his mind?	
Jeremiah 44:22	So that the LORD could no longer bear, because of the evil of your doings, and because of the abominations which ye have committed; therefore is your land a desolation, and an astonishment, and a curse, without an inhabitant, as at this day.	
Jeremiah 44:27	Behold, I will watch over them for evil, and not for good: and all the men of Judah that are in the land of Egypt shall be consumed by the sword and by the famine, until there be an end of them.	
Jeremiah 44:28	Yet a small number that escape the sword shall return out of the land of Egypt into the land of Judah, and all the remnant of Judah, that are gone into the land of Egypt to sojourn there, shall know whose words shall stand, mine, or their's.	
Jeremiah 44:29	And this shall be a sign unto you, saith the LORD, that I will punish you in this place, that ye may know that my words shall surely stand against you for evil:	
Jeremiah 44:4	Howbeit I sent unto you all my servants the prophets, rising early and sending them, saying, Oh, do not this abominable thing that I hate.	
Jeremiah 44:9	Have ye forgotten the wickedness of your fathers, and the wickedness of the kings of Judah, and the wickedness of their wives, and your own wickedness, and the wickedness of your wives, which they have committed in the land of Judah, and in the streets of Jerusalem?	
Jeremiah 46:1	The word of the LORD which came to Jeremiah the prophet against the Gentiles;	
Jeremiah 46:2	Against Egypt, against the army of Pharaohnecho king of Egypt, which was by the river Euphrates in Carchemish, which Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon smote in the fourth year of Jehoiakim the son of Josiah king of Judah.	
Jeremiah 46:21	Also her hired men are in the midst of her like fatted bullocks; for they also are turned back, and are fled away together: they did not stand, because the day of their calamity was come upon them, and the time of their visitation.	
Jeremiah 46:24	The daughter of Egypt shall be confounded; she shall be delivered into the hand of the people of the north.	
Jeremiah 46:25	The LORD of hosts, the God of Israel, saith; Behold, I will punish the multitude of No, and Pharaoh, and Egypt, with their gods, and their kings; even Pharaoh, and all them that trust in him:	
Jeremiah 46:27	But fear not thou, O my servant Jacob, and be not dismayed, O Israel: for, behold, I will save thee from afar off, and thy seed from the land of their captivity; and Jacob shall return, and be in rest and at ease, and none shall make him afraid.	
Jeremiah 46:28	Fear thou not, O Jacob my servant, saith the LORD: for I am with thee; for I will make a full end of all the nations whither I have driven thee: but I will not make a full end of thee, but correct thee in measure; yet will I not leave thee wholly unpunished.	
Jeremiah 47:2	Thus saith the LORD; Behold, waters rise up out of the north, and shall be an overflowing flood, and shall overflow the land, and all that is therein; the city, and them that dwell therein: then the men shall cry, and all the inhabitants of the land shall howl.	
Jeremiah 47:4	Because of the day that cometh to spoil all the Philistines, and to cut off from Tyrus and Zidon every helper that remaineth: for the LORD will spoil the Philistines, the remnant of the country of Caphtor.	
Jeremiah 48:10	Cursed be he that doeth the work of the LORD deceitfully, and cursed be he that keepeth back his sword from blood.	
Jeremiah 48:12	Therefore, behold, the days come, saith the LORD, that I will send unto him wanderers, that shall cause him to wander, and shall empty his vessels, and break their bottles.	
Jeremiah 48:13	And Moab shall be ashamed of Chemosh, as the house of Israel was ashamed of Bethel their confidence.	
Jeremiah 48:14	How say ye, We are mighty and strong men for the war?	
Jeremiah 48:2	There shall be no more praise of Moab: in Heshbon they have devised evil against it; come, and let us cut it off from being a nation. Also thou shalt be cut down, O Madmen; the sword shall pursue thee.	
Jeremiah 48:21	And judgment is come upon the plain country; upon Holon, and upon Jahazah, and upon Mephaath,	
Jeremiah 48:24	And upon Kerioth, and upon Bozrah, and upon all the cities of the land of Moab, far or near.	
Jeremiah 48:25	The horn of Moab is cut off, and his arm is broken, saith the LORD.	
Jeremiah 48:29	We have heard the pride of Moab, (he is exceeding proud) his loftiness, and his arrogancy, and his pride, and the haughtiness of his heart.	
Jeremiah 48:36	Therefore mine heart shall sound for Moab like pipes, and mine heart shall sound like pipes for the men of Kirheres: because the riches that he hath gotten are perished.	
Jeremiah 48:39	They shall howl, saying, How is it broken down! how hath Moab turned the back with shame! so shall Moab be a derision and a dismaying to all them about him.	
Jeremiah 48:40	For thus saith the LORD; Behold, he shall fly as an eagle, and shall spread his wings over Moab.	
Jeremiah 48:8	And the spoiler shall come upon every city, and no city shall escape: the valley also shall perish, and the plain shall be destroyed, as the LORD hath spoken.	
Jeremiah 48:9	Give wings unto Moab, that it may flee and get away: for the cities thereof shall be desolate, without any to dwell therein.	
Jeremiah 49:13	For I have sworn by myself, saith the LORD, that Bozrah shall become a desolation, a reproach, a waste, and a curse; and all the cities thereof shall be perpetual wastes.	
Jeremiah 49:14	I have heard a rumour from the LORD, and an ambassador is sent unto the heathen, saying, Gather ye together, and come against her, and rise up to the battle.	
Jeremiah 49:22	Behold, he shall come up and fly as the eagle, and spread his wings over Bozrah: and at that day shall the heart of the mighty men of Edom be as the heart of a woman in her pangs.	
Jeremiah 49:25	How is the city of praise not left, the city of my joy!	
Jeremiah 49:3	Howl, O Heshbon, for Ai is spoiled: cry, ye daughters of Rabbah, gird you with sackcloth; lament, and run to and fro by the hedges; for their king shall go into captivity, and his priests and his princes together.	
Jeremiah 49:32	And their camels shall be a booty, and the multitude of their cattle a spoil: and I will scatter into all winds them that are in the utmost corners; and I will bring their calamity from all sides thereof, saith the LORD.	
Jeremiah 49:34	The word of the LORD that came to Jeremiah the prophet against Elam in the beginning of the reign of Zedekiah king of Judah, saying,	
Jeremiah 49:39	But it shall come to pass in the latter days, that I will bring again the captivity of Elam, saith the LORD.	
Jeremiah 4:18	Thy way and thy doings have procured these things unto thee; this is thy wickedness, because it is bitter, because it reacheth unto thine heart.	
Jeremiah 4:19	My bowels, my bowels! I am pained at my very heart; my heart maketh a noise in me; I cannot hold my peace, because thou hast heard, O my soul, the sound of the trumpet, the alarm of war.	
Jeremiah 4:2	And thou shalt swear, The LORD liveth, in truth, in judgment, and in righteousness; and the nations shall bless themselves in him, and in him shall they glory.	
Jeremiah 4:27	For thus hath the LORD said, The whole land shall be desolate; yet will I not make a full end.	
Jeremiah 4:30	And when thou art spoiled, what wilt thou do? Though thou clothest thyself with crimson, though thou deckest thee with ornaments of gold, though thou rentest thy face with painting, in vain shalt thou make thyself fair; thy lovers will despise thee, they will seek thy life.	
Jeremiah 4:31	For I have heard a voice as of a woman in travail, and the anguish as of her that bringeth forth her first child, the voice of the daughter of Zion, that bewaileth herself, that spreadeth her hands, saying, Woe is me now! for my soul is wearied because of murderers.	
Jeremiah 50:19	And I will bring Israel again to his habitation, and he shall feed on Carmel and Bashan, and his soul shall be satisfied upon mount Ephraim and Gilead.	
Jeremiah 50:24	I have laid a snare for thee, and thou art also taken, O Babylon, and thou wast not aware: thou art found, and also caught, because thou hast striven against the LORD.	
Jeremiah 50:27	Slay all her bullocks; let them go down to the slaughter: woe unto them! for their day is come, the time of their visitation.	
Jeremiah 50:29	Call together the archers against Babylon: all ye that bend the bow, camp against it round about; let none thereof escape: recompense her according to her work; according to all that she hath done, do unto her: for she hath been proud against the LORD, against the Holy One of Israel.	
Jeremiah 50:31	Behold, I am against thee, O thou most proud, saith the Lord GOD of hosts: for thy day is come, the time that I will visit thee.	
Jeremiah 50:35	A sword is upon the Chaldeans, saith the LORD, and upon the inhabitants of Babylon, and upon her princes, and upon her wise men.	
Jeremiah 50:38	A drought is upon her waters; and they shall be dried up: for it is the land of graven images, and they are mad upon their idols.	
Jeremiah 50:44	Behold, he shall come up like a lion from the swelling of Jordan unto the habitation of the strong: but I will make them suddenly run away from her: and who is a chosen man, that I may appoint over her? for who is like me? and who will appoint me the time? and who is that shepherd that will stand before me?	
Jeremiah 50:5	They shall ask the way to Zion with their faces thitherward, saying, Come, and let us join ourselves to the LORD in a perpetual covenant that shall not be forgotten.	
Jeremiah 50:6	My people hath been lost sheep: their shepherds have caused them to go astray, they have turned them away on the mountains: they have gone from mountain to hill, they have forgotten their restingplace.	
Jeremiah 50:7	All that found them have devoured them: and their adversaries said, We offend not, because they have sinned against the LORD, the habitation of justice, even the LORD, the hope of their fathers.	
Jeremiah 51:18	They are vanity, the work of errors: in the time of their visitation they shall perish.	
Jeremiah 51:20	Thou art my battle axe and weapons of war: for with thee will I break in pieces the nations, and with thee will I destroy kingdoms;	
Jeremiah 51:22	With thee also will I break in pieces man and woman; and with thee will I break in pieces old and young; and with thee will I break in pieces the young man and the maid;	
Jeremiah 51:25	Behold, I am against thee, O destroying mountain, saith the LORD, which destroyest all the earth: and I will stretch out mine hand upon thee, and roll thee down from the rocks, and will make thee a burnt mountain.	
Jeremiah 51:26	And they shall not take of thee a stone for a corner, nor a stone for foundations; but thou shalt be desolate for ever, saith the LORD.	
Jeremiah 51:29	And the land shall tremble and sorrow: for every purpose of the LORD shall be performed against Babylon, to make the land of Babylon a desolation without an inhabitant.	
Jeremiah 51:3	Against him that bendeth let the archer bend his bow, and against him that lifteth himself up in his brigandine: and spare ye not her young men; destroy ye utterly all her host.	
Jeremiah 51:36	Therefore thus saith the LORD; Behold, I will plead thy cause, and take vengeance for thee; and I will dry up her sea, and make her springs dry.	
Jeremiah 51:39	In their heat I will make their feasts, and I will make them drunken, that they may rejoice, and sleep a perpetual sleep, and not wake, saith the LORD.	
Jeremiah 51:49	As Babylon hath caused the slain of Israel to fall, so at Babylon shall fall the slain of all the earth.	
Jeremiah 51:5	For Israel hath not been forsaken, nor Judah of his God, of the LORD of hosts; though their land was filled with sin against the Holy One of Israel.	
Jeremiah 51:50	Ye that have escaped the sword, go away, stand not still: remember the LORD afar off, and let Jerusalem come into your mind.	
Jeremiah 51:53	Though Babylon should mount up to heaven, and though she should fortify the height of her strength, yet from me shall spoilers come unto her, saith the LORD.	
Jeremiah 51:54	A sound of a cry cometh from Babylon, and great destruction from the land of the Chaldeans:	
Jeremiah 51:59	The word which Jeremiah the prophet commanded Seraiah the son of Neriah, the son of Maaseiah, when he went with Zedekiah the king of Judah into Babylon in the fourth year of his reign. And this Seraiah was a quiet prince.	
Jeremiah 51:60	So Jeremiah wrote in a book all the evil that should come upon Babylon, even all these words that are written against Babylon.	
Jeremiah 51:7	Babylon hath been a golden cup in the LORD's hand, that made all the earth drunken: the nations have drunken of her wine; therefore the nations are mad.	
Jeremiah 52:13	And burned the house of the LORD, and the king's house; and all the houses of Jerusalem, and all the houses of the great men, burned he with fire:	
Jeremiah 52:14	And all the army of the Chaldeans, that were with the captain of the guard, brake down all the walls of Jerusalem round about.	
Jeremiah 52:15	Then Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard carried away captive certain of the poor of the people, and the residue of the people that remained in the city, and those that fell away, that fell to the king of Babylon, and the rest of the multitude.	
Jeremiah 52:16	But Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard left certain of the poor of the land for vinedressers and for husbandmen.	
Jeremiah 52:24	And the captain of the guard took Seraiah the chief priest, and Zephaniah the second priest, and the three keepers of the door:	
Jeremiah 52:27	And the king of Babylon smote them, and put them to death in Riblah in the land of Hamath. Thus Judah was carried away captive out of his own land.	
Jeremiah 52:3	For through the anger of the LORD it came to pass in Jerusalem and Judah, till he had cast them out from his presence, that Zedekiah rebelled against the king of Babylon.	
Jeremiah 52:5	So the city was besieged unto the eleventh year of king Zedekiah.	
Jeremiah 5:11	For the house of Israel and the house of Judah have dealt very treacherously against me, saith the LORD.	
Jeremiah 5:25	Your iniquities have turned away these things, and your sins have withholden good things from you.	
Jeremiah 5:3	O LORD, are not thine eyes upon the truth? thou hast stricken them, but they have not grieved; thou hast consumed them, but they have refused to receive correction: they have made their faces harder than a rock; they have refused to return.	
Jeremiah 5:7	How shall I pardon thee for this? thy children have forsaken me, and sworn by them that are no gods: when I had fed them to the full, they then committed adultery, and assembled themselves by troops in the harlots' houses.	
Jeremiah 5:9	Shall I not visit for these things? saith the LORD: and shall not my soul be avenged on such a nation as this?	
Jeremiah 6:10	To whom shall I speak, and give warning, that they may hear? behold, their ear is uncircumcised, and they cannot hearken: behold, the word of the LORD is unto them a reproach; they have no delight in it.	
Jeremiah 6:12	And their houses shall be turned unto others, with their fields and wives together: for I will stretch out my hand upon the inhabitants of the land, saith the LORD.	
Jeremiah 6:16	Thus saith the LORD, Stand ye in the ways, and see, and ask for the old paths, where is the good way, and walk therein, and ye shall find rest for your souls. But they said, We will not walk therein.	
Jeremiah 6:28	They are all grievous revolters, walking with slanders: they are brass and iron; they are all corrupters.	
Jeremiah 6:7	As a fountain casteth out her waters, so she casteth out her wickedness: violence and spoil is heard in her; before me continually is grief and wounds.	
Jeremiah 7:1	The word that came to Jeremiah from the LORD, saying,	
Jeremiah 7:12	But go ye now unto my place which was in Shiloh, where I set my name at the first, and see what I did to it for the wickedness of my people Israel.	
Jeremiah 7:24	But they hearkened not, nor inclined their ear, but walked in the counsels and in the imagination of their evil heart, and went backward, and not forward.	
Jeremiah 7:25	Since the day that your fathers came forth out of the land of Egypt unto this day I have even sent unto you all my servants the prophets, daily rising up early and sending them:	
Jeremiah 7:29	Cut off thine hair, O Jerusalem, and cast it away, and take up a lamentation on high places; for the LORD hath rejected and forsaken the generation of his wrath.	
Jeremiah 7:32	Therefore, behold, the days come, saith the LORD, that it shall no more be called Tophet, nor the valley of the son of Hinnom, but the valley of slaughter: for they shall bury in Tophet, till there be no place.	
Jeremiah 8:12	Were they ashamed when they had committed abomination? nay, they were not at all ashamed, neither could they blush: therefore shall they fall among them that fall: in the time of their visitation they shall be cast down, saith the LORD.	
Jeremiah 8:18	When I would comfort myself against sorrow, my heart is faint in me.	
Jeremiah 8:19	Behold the voice of the cry of the daughter of my people because of them that dwell in a far country: Is not the LORD in Zion? is not her king in her? Why have they provoked me to anger with their graven images, and with strange vanities?	
Jeremiah 8:4	Moreover thou shalt say unto them, Thus saith the LORD; Shall they fall, and not arise? shall he turn away, and not return?	
Jeremiah 8:6	I hearkened and heard, but they spake not aright: no man repented him of his wickedness, saying, What have I done? every one turned to his course, as the horse rusheth into the battle.	
Jeremiah 8:8	How do ye say, We are wise, and the law of the LORD is with us? Lo, certainly in vain made he it; the pen of the scribes is in vain.	
Jeremiah 8:9	The wise men are ashamed, they are dismayed and taken: lo, they have rejected the word of the LORD; and what wisdom is in them?	
Jeremiah 9:19	For a voice of wailing is heard out of Zion, How are we spoiled! we are greatly confounded, because we have forsaken the land, because our dwellings have cast us out.	
Jeremiah 9:2	Oh that I had in the wilderness a lodging place of wayfaring men; that I might leave my people, and go from them! for they be all adulterers, an assembly of treacherous men.	
Jeremiah 9:21	For death is come up into our windows, and is entered into our palaces, to cut off the children from without, and the young men from the streets.	
Jeremiah 9:25	Behold, the days come, saith the LORD, that I will punish all them which are circumcised with the uncircumcised;	
Jeremiah 9:7	Therefore thus saith the LORD of hosts, Behold, I will melt them, and try them; for how shall I do for the daughter of my people?	
Jeremiah 9:8	Their tongue is as an arrow shot out; it speaketh deceit: one speaketh peaceably to his neighbour with his mouth, but in heart he layeth his wait.	
Job 10:15	If I be wicked, woe unto me; and if I be righteous, yet will I not lift up my head. I am full of confusion; therefore see thou mine affliction;	
Job 10:16	For it increaseth. Thou huntest me as a fierce lion: and again thou shewest thyself marvellous upon me.	
Job 10:19	I should have been as though I had not been; I should have been carried from the womb to the grave.	
Job 10:21	Before I go whence I shall not return, even to the land of darkness and the shadow of death;	
Job 10:6	That thou enquirest after mine iniquity, and searchest after my sin?	
Job 10:7	Thou knowest that I am not wicked; and there is none that can deliver out of thine hand.	
Job 11:14	If iniquity be in thine hand, put it far away, and let not wickedness dwell in thy tabernacles.	
Job 11:16	Because thou shalt forget thy misery, and remember it as waters that pass away:	
Job 11:20	But the eyes of the wicked shall fail, and they shall not escape, and their hope shall be as the giving up of the ghost.	
Job 12:1	And Job answered and said,	
Job 12:12	With the ancient is wisdom; and in length of days understanding.	
Job 12:18	He looseth the bond of kings, and girdeth their loins with a girdle.	
Job 12:24	He taketh away the heart of the chief of the people of the earth, and causeth them to wander in a wilderness where there is no way.	
Job 12:4	I am as one mocked of his neighbour, who calleth upon God, and he answereth him: the just upright man is laughed to scorn.	
Job 12:6	The tabernacles of robbers prosper, and they that provoke God are secure; into whose hand God bringeth abundantly.	
Job 12:7	But ask now the beasts, and they shall teach thee; and the fowls of the air, and they shall tell thee:	
Job 13:2	What ye know, the same do I know also: I am not inferior unto you.	
Job 13:26	For thou writest bitter things against me, and makest me to possess the iniquities of my youth.	
Job 13:3	Surely I would speak to the Almighty, and I desire to reason with God.	
Job 13:8	Will ye accept his person? will ye contend for God?	
Job 13:9	Is it good that he should search you out? or as one man mocketh another, do ye so mock him?	
Job 14:10	But man dieth, and wasteth away: yea, man giveth up the ghost, and where is he?	
Job 14:19	The waters wear the stones: thou washest away the things which grow out of the dust of the earth; and thou destroyest the hope of man.	
Job 14:20	Thou prevailest for ever against him, and he passeth: thou changest his countenance, and sendest him away.	
Job 15:11	Are the consolations of God small with thee? is there any secret thing with thee?	
Job 15:12	Why doth thine heart carry thee away? and what do thy eyes wink at,	
Job 15:13	That thou turnest thy spirit against God, and lettest such words go out of thy mouth?	
Job 15:16	How much more abominable and filthy is man, which drinketh iniquity like water?	
Job 15:2	Should a wise man utter vain knowledge, and fill his belly with the east wind?	
Job 15:29	He shall not be rich, neither shall his substance continue, neither shall he prolong the perfection thereof upon the earth.	
Job 15:7	Art thou the first man that was born? or wast thou made before the hills?	
Job 16:1	Then Job answered and said,	
Job 16:14	He breaketh me with breach upon breach, he runneth upon me like a giant.	
Job 16:18	O earth, cover not thou my blood, and let my cry have no place.	
Job 18:17	His remembrance shall perish from the earth, and he shall have no name in the street.	
Job 18:2	How long will it be ere ye make an end of words? mark, and afterwards we will speak.	
Job 18:4	He teareth himself in his anger: shall the earth be forsaken for thee? and shall the rock be removed out of his place?	
Job 18:5	Yea, the light of the wicked shall be put out, and the spark of his fire shall not shine.	
Job 18:6	The light shall be dark in his tabernacle, and his candle shall be put out with him.	
Job 18:8	For he is cast into a net by his own feet, and he walketh upon a snare.	
Job 19:21	Have pity upon me, have pity upon me, O ye my friends; for the hand of God hath touched me.	
Job 19:27	Whom I shall see for myself, and mine eyes shall behold, and not another; though my reins be consumed within me.	
Job 19:3	These ten times have ye reproached me: ye are not ashamed that ye make yourselves strange to me.	
Job 1:1	There was a man in the land of Uz, whose name was Job; and that man was perfect and upright, and one that feared God, and eschewed evil.	
Job 1:14	And there came a messenger unto Job, and said, The oxen were plowing, and the asses feeding beside them:	
Job 1:15	And the Sabeans fell upon them, and took them away; yea, they have slain the servants with the edge of the sword; and I only am escaped alone to tell thee.	
Job 1:19	And, behold, there came a great wind from the wilderness, and smote the four corners of the house, and it fell upon the young men, and they are dead; and I only am escaped alone to tell thee.	
Job 1:21	And said, Naked came I out of my mother's womb, and naked shall I return thither: the LORD gave, and the LORD hath taken away; blessed be the name of the LORD.	
Job 1:3	His substance also was seven thousand sheep, and three thousand camels, and five hundred yoke of oxen, and five hundred she asses, and a very great household; so that this man was the greatest of all the men of the east.	
Job 1:7	And the LORD said unto Satan, Whence comest thou? Then Satan answered the LORD, and said, From going to and fro in the earth, and from walking up and down in it.	
Job 20:10	His children shall seek to please the poor, and his hands shall restore their goods.	
Job 20:11	His bones are full of the sin of his youth, which shall lie down with him in the dust.	
Job 20:12	Though wickedness be sweet in his mouth, though he hide it under his tongue;	
Job 20:16	He shall suck the poison of asps: the viper's tongue shall slay him.	
Job 20:17	He shall not see the rivers, the floods, the brooks of honey and butter.	
Job 20:22	In the fulness of his sufficiency he shall be in straits: every hand of the wicked shall come upon him.	
Job 20:24	He shall flee from the iron weapon, and the bow of steel shall strike him through.	
Job 20:7	Yet he shall perish for ever like his own dung: they which have seen him shall say, Where is he?	
Job 20:9	The eye also which saw him shall see him no more; neither shall his place any more behold him.	
Job 21:1	But Job answered and said,	
Job 21:11	They send forth their little ones like a flock, and their children dance.	
Job 21:12	They take the timbrel and harp, and rejoice at the sound of the organ.	
Job 21:18	They are as stubble before the wind, and as chaff that the storm carrieth away.	
Job 21:20	His eyes shall see his destruction, and he shall drink of the wrath of the Almighty.	
Job 21:23	One dieth in his full strength, being wholly at ease and quiet.	
Job 21:27	Behold, I know your thoughts, and the devices which ye wrongfully imagine against me.	
Job 21:3	Suffer me that I may speak; and after that I have spoken, mock on.	
Job 21:30	That the wicked is reserved to the day of destruction? they shall be brought forth to the day of wrath.	
Job 21:34	How then comfort ye me in vain, seeing in your answers there remaineth falsehood?	
Job 21:4	As for me, is my complaint to man? and if it were so, why should not my spirit be troubled?	
Job 22:13	And thou sayest, How doth God know? can he judge through the dark cloud?	
Job 22:14	Thick clouds are a covering to him, that he seeth not; and he walketh in the circuit of heaven.	
Job 22:19	The righteous see it, and are glad: and the innocent laugh them to scorn.	
Job 22:2	Can a man be profitable unto God, as he that is wise may be profitable unto himself?	
Job 22:20	Whereas our substance is not cut down, but the remnant of them the fire consumeth.	
Job 22:21	Acquaint now thyself with him, and be at peace: thereby good shall come unto thee.	
Job 22:25	Yea, the Almighty shall be thy defence, and thou shalt have plenty of silver.	
Job 22:30	He shall deliver the island of the innocent: and it is delivered by the pureness of thine hands.	
Job 22:4	Will he reprove thee for fear of thee? will he enter with thee into judgment?	
Job 23:1	Then Job answered and said,	
Job 23:10	But he knoweth the way that I take: when he hath tried me, I shall come forth as gold.	
Job 23:3	Oh that I knew where I might find him! that I might come even to his seat!	
Job 23:8	Behold, I go forward, but he is not there; and backward, but I cannot perceive him:	
Job 24:13	They are of those that rebel against the light; they know not the ways thereof, nor abide in the paths thereof.	
Job 24:14	The murderer rising with the light killeth the poor and needy, and in the night is as a thief.	
Job 24:23	Though it be given him to be in safety, whereon he resteth; yet his eyes are upon their ways.	
Job 24:6	They reap every one his corn in the field: and they gather the vintage of the wicked.	
Job 25:2	Dominion and fear are with him, he maketh peace in his high places.	
Job 26:12	He divideth the sea with his power, and by his understanding he smiteth through the proud.	
Job 26:13	By his spirit he hath garnished the heavens; his hand hath formed the crooked serpent.	
Job 26:6	Hell is naked before him, and destruction hath no covering.	
Job 26:8	He bindeth up the waters in his thick clouds; and the cloud is not rent under them.	
Job 27:10	Will he delight himself in the Almighty? will he always call upon God?	
Job 27:11	I will teach you by the hand of God: that which is with the Almighty will I not conceal.	
Job 27:13	This is the portion of a wicked man with God, and the heritage of oppressors, which they shall receive of the Almighty.	
Job 27:15	Those that remain of him shall be buried in death: and his widows shall not weep.	
Job 27:17	He may prepare it, but the just shall put it on, and the innocent shall divide the silver.	
Job 28:1	Surely there is a vein for the silver, and a place for gold where they fine it.	
Job 28:13	Man knoweth not the price thereof; neither is it found in the land of the living.	
Job 28:18	No mention shall be made of coral, or of pearls: for the price of wisdom is above rubies.	
Job 28:19	The topaz of Ethiopia shall not equal it, neither shall it be valued with pure gold.	
Job 28:20	Whence then cometh wisdom? and where is the place of understanding?	
Job 28:3	He setteth an end to darkness, and searcheth out all perfection: the stones of darkness, and the shadow of death.	
Job 28:7	There is a path which no fowl knoweth, and which the vulture's eye hath not seen:	
Job 29:11	When the ear heard me, then it blessed me; and when the eye saw me, it gave witness to me:	
Job 29:14	I put on righteousness, and it clothed me: my judgment was as a robe and a diadem.	
Job 29:17	And I brake the jaws of the wicked, and plucked the spoil out of his teeth.	
Job 29:2	Oh that I were as in months past, as in the days when God preserved me;	
Job 29:23	And they waited for me as for the rain; and they opened their mouth wide as for the latter rain.	
Job 2:1	Again there was a day when the sons of God came to present themselves before the LORD, and Satan came also among them to present himself before the LORD.	
Job 2:13	So they sat down with him upon the ground seven days and seven nights, and none spake a word unto him: for they saw that his grief was very great.	
Job 2:2	And the LORD said unto Satan, From whence comest thou? And Satan answered the LORD, and said, From going to and fro in the earth, and from walking up and down in it.	
Job 2:6	And the LORD said unto Satan, Behold, he is in thine hand; but save his life.	
Job 2:8	And he took him a potsherd to scrape himself withal; and he sat down among the ashes.	
Job 30:10	They abhor me, they flee far from me, and spare not to spit in my face.	
Job 30:15	Terrors are turned upon me: they pursue my soul as the wind: and my welfare passeth away as a cloud.	
Job 30:18	By the great force of my disease is my garment changed: it bindeth me about as the collar of my coat.	
Job 30:19	He hath cast me into the mire, and I am become like dust and ashes.	
Job 30:20	I cry unto thee, and thou dost not hear me: I stand up, and thou regardest me not.	
Job 30:23	For I know that thou wilt bring me to death, and to the house appointed for all living.	
Job 30:26	When I looked for good, then evil came unto me: and when I waited for light, there came darkness.	
Job 30:29	I am a brother to dragons, and a companion to owls.	
Job 30:6	To dwell in the cliffs of the valleys, in caves of the earth, and in the rocks.	
Job 31:11	For this is an heinous crime; yea, it is an iniquity to be punished by the judges.	
Job 31:14	What then shall I do when God riseth up? and when he visiteth, what shall I answer him?	
Job 31:24	If I have made gold my hope, or have said to the fine gold, Thou art my confidence;	
Job 31:28	This also were an iniquity to be punished by the judge: for I should have denied the God that is above.	
Job 31:34	Did I fear a great multitude, or did the contempt of families terrify me, that I kept silence, and went not out of the door?	
Job 31:36	Surely I would take it upon my shoulder, and bind it as a crown to me.	
Job 31:38	If my land cry against me, or that the furrows likewise thereof complain;	
Job 31:8	Then let me sow, and let another eat; yea, let my offspring be rooted out.	
Job 31:9	If mine heart have been deceived by a woman, or if I have laid wait at my neighbour's door;	
Job 32:1	So these three men ceased to answer Job, because he was righteous in his own eyes.	
Job 32:11	Behold, I waited for your words; I gave ear to your reasons, whilst ye searched out what to say.	
Job 32:21	Let me not, I pray you, accept any man's person, neither let me give flattering titles unto man.	
Job 32:5	When Elihu saw that there was no answer in the mouth of these three men, then his wrath was kindled.	
Job 33:21	His flesh is consumed away, that it cannot be seen; and his bones that were not seen stick out.	
Job 33:24	Then he is gracious unto him, and saith, Deliver him from going down to the pit: I have found a ransom.	
Job 33:25	His flesh shall be fresher than a child's: he shall return to the days of his youth:	
Job 33:27	He looketh upon men, and if any say, I have sinned, and perverted that which was right, and it profited me not;	
Job 33:29	Lo, all these things worketh God oftentimes with man,	
Job 33:3	My words shall be of the uprightness of my heart: and my lips shall utter knowledge clearly.	
Job 33:30	To bring back his soul from the pit, to be enlightened with the light of the living.	
Job 33:31	Mark well, O Job, hearken unto me: hold thy peace, and I will speak.	
Job 33:7	Behold, my terror shall not make thee afraid, neither shall my hand be heavy upon thee.	
Job 33:8	Surely thou hast spoken in mine hearing, and I have heard the voice of thy words, saying,	
Job 33:9	I am clean without transgression, I am innocent; neither is there iniquity in me.	
Job 34:1	Furthermore Elihu answered and said,	
Job 34:16	If now thou hast understanding, hear this: hearken to the voice of my words.	
Job 34:17	Shall even he that hateth right govern? and wilt thou condemn him that is most just?	
Job 34:18	Is it fit to say to a king, Thou art wicked? and to princes, Ye are ungodly?	
Job 34:2	Hear my words, O ye wise men; and give ear unto me, ye that have knowledge.	
Job 34:23	For he will not lay upon man more than right; that he should enter into judgment with God.	
Job 34:25	Therefore he knoweth their works, and he overturneth them in the night, so that they are destroyed.	
Job 34:4	Let us choose to us judgment: let us know among ourselves what is good.	
Job 34:6	Should I lie against my right? my wound is incurable without transgression.	
Job 35:14	Although thou sayest thou shalt not see him, yet judgment is before him; therefore trust thou in him.	
Job 35:3	For thou saidst, What advantage will it be unto thee? and, What profit shall I have, if I be cleansed from my sin?	
Job 35:5	Look unto the heavens, and see; and behold the clouds which are higher than thou.	
Job 36:12	But if they obey not, they shall perish by the sword, and they shall die without knowledge.	
Job 36:20	Desire not the night, when people are cut off in their place.	
Job 36:33	The noise thereof sheweth concerning it, the cattle also concerning the vapour.	
Job 36:9	Then he sheweth them their work, and their transgressions that they have exceeded.	
Job 37:20	Shall it be told him that I speak? if a man speak, surely he shall be swallowed up.	
Job 37:9	Out of the south cometh the whirlwind: and cold out of the north.	
Job 38:17	Have the gates of death been opened unto thee? or hast thou seen the doors of the shadow of death?	
Job 38:18	Hast thou perceived the breadth of the earth? declare if thou knowest it all.	
Job 38:25	Who hath divided a watercourse for the overflowing of waters, or a way for the lightning of thunder;	
Job 38:27	To satisfy the desolate and waste ground; and to cause the bud of the tender herb to spring forth?	
Job 38:29	Out of whose womb came the ice? and the hoary frost of heaven, who hath gendered it?	
Job 38:30	The waters are hid as with a stone, and the face of the deep is frozen.	
Job 38:31	Canst thou bind the sweet influences of Pleiades, or loose the bands of Orion?	
Job 38:33	Knowest thou the ordinances of heaven? canst thou set the dominion thereof in the earth?	
Job 38:36	Who hath put wisdom in the inward parts? or who hath given understanding to the heart?	
Job 38:4	Where wast thou when I laid the foundations of the earth? declare, if thou hast understanding.	
Job 38:40	When they couch in their dens, and abide in the covert to lie in wait?	
Job 38:8	Or who shut up the sea with doors, when it brake forth, as if it had issued out of the womb?	
Job 39:11	Wilt thou trust him, because his strength is great? or wilt thou leave thy labour to him?	
Job 39:15	And forgetteth that the foot may crush them, or that the wild beast may break them.	
Job 39:16	She is hardened against her young ones, as though they were not her's: her labour is in vain without fear;	
Job 39:21	He paweth in the valley, and rejoiceth in his strength: he goeth on to meet the armed men.	
Job 39:22	He mocketh at fear, and is not affrighted; neither turneth he back from the sword.	
Job 39:28	She dwelleth and abideth on the rock, upon the crag of the rock, and the strong place.	
Job 39:29	From thence she seeketh the prey, and her eyes behold afar off.	
Job 39:30	Her young ones also suck up blood: and where the slain are, there is she.	
Job 39:4	Their young ones are in good liking, they grow up with corn; they go forth, and return not unto them.	
Job 39:6	Whose house I have made the wilderness, and the barren land his dwellings.	
Job 3:12	Why did the knees prevent me? or why the breasts that I should suck?	
Job 3:16	Or as an hidden untimely birth I had not been; as infants which never saw light.	
Job 3:19	The small and great are there; and the servant is free from his master.	
Job 3:22	Which rejoice exceedingly, and are glad, when they can find the grave?	
Job 3:7	Lo, let that night be solitary, let no joyful voice come therein.	
Job 3:8	Let them curse it that curse the day, who are ready to raise up their mourning.	
Job 40:17	He moveth his tail like a cedar: the sinews of his stones are wrapped together.	
Job 40:19	He is the chief of the ways of God: he that made him can make his sword to approach unto him.	
Job 40:20	Surely the mountains bring him forth food, where all the beasts of the field play.	
Job 40:21	He lieth under the shady trees, in the covert of the reed, and fens.	
Job 40:9	Hast thou an arm like God? or canst thou thunder with a voice like him?	
Job 41:1	Canst thou draw out leviathan with an hook? or his tongue with a cord which thou lettest down?	
Job 41:22	In his neck remaineth strength, and sorrow is turned into joy before him.	
Job 41:25	When he raiseth up himself, the mighty are afraid: by reason of breakings they purify themselves.	
Job 41:32	He maketh a path to shine after him; one would think the deep to be hoary.	
Job 41:5	Wilt thou play with him as with a bird? or wilt thou bind him for thy maidens?	
Job 42:10	And the LORD turned the captivity of Job, when he prayed for his friends: also the LORD gave Job twice as much as he had before.	
Job 42:15	And in all the land were no women found so fair as the daughters of Job: and their father gave them inheritance among their brethren.	
Job 42:17	So Job died, being old and full of days.	
Job 42:5	I have heard of thee by the hearing of the ear: but now mine eye seeth thee.	
Job 42:8	Therefore take unto you now seven bullocks and seven rams, and go to my servant Job, and offer up for yourselves a burnt offering; and my servant Job shall pray for you: for him will I accept: lest I deal with you after your folly, in that ye have not spoken of me the thing which is right, like my servant Job.	
Job 42:9	So Eliphaz the Temanite and Bildad the Shuhite and Zophar the Naamathite went, and did according as the LORD commanded them: the LORD also accepted Job.	
Job 4:13	In thoughts from the visions of the night, when deep sleep falleth on men,	
Job 4:19	How much less in them that dwell in houses of clay, whose foundation is in the dust, which are crushed before the moth?	
Job 4:7	Remember, I pray thee, who ever perished, being innocent? or where were the righteous cut off?	
Job 5:1	Call now, if there be any that will answer thee; and to which of the saints wilt thou turn?	
Job 5:13	He taketh the wise in their own craftiness: and the counsel of the froward is carried headlong.	
Job 5:14	They meet with darkness in the day time, and grope in the noonday as in the night.	
Job 5:15	But he saveth the poor from the sword, from their mouth, and from the hand of the mighty.	
Job 5:23	For thou shalt be in league with the stones of the field: and the beasts of the field shall be at peace with thee.	
Job 5:24	And thou shalt know that thy tabernacle shall be in peace; and thou shalt visit thy habitation, and shalt not sin.	
Job 5:5	Whose harvest the hungry eateth up, and taketh it even out of the thorns, and the robber swalloweth up their substance.	
Job 5:7	Yet man is born unto trouble, as the sparks fly upward.	
Job 6:11	What is my strength, that I should hope? and what is mine end, that I should prolong my life?	
Job 6:13	Is not my help in me? and is wisdom driven quite from me?	
Job 6:14	To him that is afflicted pity should be shewed from his friend; but he forsaketh the fear of the Almighty.	
Job 6:15	My brethren have dealt deceitfully as a brook, and as the stream of brooks they pass away;	
Job 6:16	Which are blackish by reason of the ice, and wherein the snow is hid:	
Job 6:20	They were confounded because they had hoped; they came thither, and were ashamed.	
Job 6:26	Do ye imagine to reprove words, and the speeches of one that is desperate, which are as wind?	
Job 6:30	Is there iniquity in my tongue? cannot my taste discern perverse things?	
Job 6:4	For the arrows of the Almighty are within me, the poison whereof drinketh up my spirit: the terrors of God do set themselves in array against me.	
Job 6:7	The things that my soul refused to touch are as my sorrowful meat.	
Job 7:13	When I say, My bed shall comfort me, my couch shall ease my complaints;	
Job 7:16	I loathe it; I would not live alway: let me alone; for my days are vanity.	
Job 7:18	And that thou shouldest visit him every morning, and try him every moment?	
Job 7:3	So am I made to possess months of vanity, and wearisome nights are appointed to me.	
Job 7:7	O remember that my life is wind: mine eye shall no more see good.	
Job 7:8	The eye of him that hath seen me shall see me no more: thine eyes are upon me, and I am not.	
Job 8:10	Shall not they teach thee, and tell thee, and utter words out of their heart?	
Job 8:16	He is green before the sun, and his branch shooteth forth in his garden.	
Job 8:17	His roots are wrapped about the heap, and seeth the place of stones.	
Job 8:7	Though thy beginning was small, yet thy latter end should greatly increase.	
Job 9:1	Then Job answered and said,	
Job 9:18	He will not suffer me to take my breath, but filleth me with bitterness.	
Job 9:19	If I speak of strength, lo, he is strong: and if of judgment, who shall set me a time to plead?	
Job 9:2	I know it is so of a truth: but how should man be just with God?	
Job 9:28	I am afraid of all my sorrows, I know that thou wilt not hold me innocent.	
Job 9:6	Which shaketh the earth out of her place, and the pillars thereof tremble.	
Job 9:7	Which commandeth the sun, and it riseth not; and sealeth up the stars.	
Joel 1:10	The field is wasted, the land mourneth; for the corn is wasted: the new wine is dried up, the oil languisheth.	
Joel 1:11	Be ye ashamed, O ye husbandmen; howl, O ye vinedressers, for the wheat and for the barley; because the harvest of the field is perished.	
Joel 1:18	How do the beasts groan! the herds of cattle are perplexed, because they have no pasture; yea, the flocks of sheep are made desolate.	
Joel 1:3	Tell ye your children of it, and let your children tell their children, and their children another generation.	
Joel 1:4	That which the palmerworm hath left hath the locust eaten; and that which the locust hath left hath the cankerworm eaten; and that which the cankerworm hath left hath the caterpiller eaten.	
Joel 1:8	Lament like a virgin girded with sackcloth for the husband of her youth.	
Joel 2:1	Blow ye the trumpet in Zion, and sound an alarm in my holy mountain: let all the inhabitants of the land tremble: for the day of the LORD cometh, for it is nigh at hand;	
Joel 2:12	Therefore also now, saith the LORD, turn ye even to me with all your heart, and with fasting, and with weeping, and with mourning:	
Joel 2:18	Then will the LORD be jealous for his land, and pity his people.	
Joel 2:2	A day of darkness and of gloominess, a day of clouds and of thick darkness, as the morning spread upon the mountains: a great people and a strong; there hath not been ever the like, neither shall be any more after it, even to the years of many generations.	
Joel 2:20	But I will remove far off from you the northern army, and will drive him into a land barren and desolate, with his face toward the east sea, and his hinder part toward the utmost sea, and his stink shall come up, and his ill savour shall come up, because he hath done great things.	
Joel 2:21	Fear not, O land; be glad and rejoice: for the LORD will do great things.	
Joel 2:26	And ye shall eat in plenty, and be satisfied, and praise the name of the LORD your God, that hath dealt wondrously with you: and my people shall never be ashamed.	
Joel 2:31	The sun shall be turned into darkness, and the moon into blood, before the great and terrible day of the LORD come.	
Joel 2:32	And it shall come to pass, that whosoever shall call on the name of the LORD shall be delivered: for in mount Zion and in Jerusalem shall be deliverance, as the LORD hath said, and in the remnant whom the LORD shall call.	
Joel 2:5	Like the noise of chariots on the tops of mountains shall they leap, like the noise of a flame of fire that devoureth the stubble, as a strong people set in battle array.	
Joel 3:12	Let the heathen be wakened, and come up to the valley of Jehoshaphat: for there will I sit to judge all the heathen round about.	
Joel 3:5	Because ye have taken my silver and my gold, and have carried into your temples my goodly pleasant things:	
Joel 3:9	Proclaim ye this among the Gentiles; Prepare war, wake up the mighty men, let all the men of war draw near; let them come up:	
John 10:1	Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that entereth not by the door into the sheepfold, but climbeth up some other way, the same is a thief and a robber.	
John 10:14	I am the good shepherd, and know my sheep, and am known of mine.	
John 10:16	And other sheep I have, which are not of this fold: them also I must bring, and they shall hear my voice; and there shall be one fold, and one shepherd.	
John 10:18	No man taketh it from me, but I lay it down of myself. I have power to lay it down, and I have power to take it again. This commandment have I received of my Father.	
John 10:24	Then came the Jews round about him, and said unto him, How long dost thou make us to doubt? If thou be the Christ, tell us plainly.	
John 10:26	But ye believe not, because ye are not of my sheep, as I said unto you.	
John 10:40	And went away again beyond Jordan into the place where John at first baptized; and there he abode.	
John 10:41	And many resorted unto him, and said, John did no miracle: but all things that John spake of this man were true.	
John 10:6	This parable spake Jesus unto them: but they understood not what things they were which he spake unto them.	
John 10:9	I am the door: by me if any man enter in, he shall be saved, and shall go in and out, and find pasture.	
John 11:16	Then said Thomas, which is called Didymus, unto his fellowdisciples, Let us also go, that we may die with him.	
John 11:17	Then when Jesus came, he found that he had lain in the grave four days already.	
John 11:20	Then Martha, as soon as she heard that Jesus was coming, went and met him: but Mary sat still in the house.	
John 11:23	Jesus saith unto her, Thy brother shall rise again.	
John 11:28	And when she had so said, she went her way, and called Mary her sister secretly, saying, The Master is come, and calleth for thee.	
John 11:33	When Jesus therefore saw her weeping, and the Jews also weeping which came with her, he groaned in the spirit, and was troubled.	
John 11:48	If we let him thus alone, all men will believe on him: and the Romans shall come and take away both our place and nation.	
John 11:54	Jesus therefore walked no more openly among the Jews; but went thence unto a country near to the wilderness, into a city called Ephraim, and there continued with his disciples.	
John 11:7	Then after that saith he to his disciples, Let us go into Judaea again.	
John 11:8	His disciples say unto him, Master, the Jews of late sought to stone thee; and goest thou thither again?	
John 12:14	And Jesus, when he had found a young ass, sat thereon; as it is written,	
John 12:15	Fear not, daughter of Sion: behold, thy King cometh, sitting on an ass's colt.	
John 12:18	For this cause the people also met him, for that they heard that he had done this miracle.	
John 12:26	If any man serve me, let him follow me; and where I am, there shall also my servant be: if any man serve me, him will my Father honour.	
John 12:35	Then Jesus said unto them, Yet a little while is the light with you. Walk while ye have the light, lest darkness come upon you: for he that walketh in darkness knoweth not whither he goeth.	
John 12:39	Therefore they could not believe, because that Esaias said again,	
John 12:42	Nevertheless among the chief rulers also many believed on him; but because of the Pharisees they did not confess him, lest they should be put out of the synagogue:	
John 12:46	I am come a light into the world, that whosoever believeth on me should not abide in darkness.	
John 13:15	For I have given you an example, that ye should do as I have done to you.	
John 13:18	I speak not of you all: I know whom I have chosen: but that the scripture may be fulfilled, He that eateth bread with me hath lifted up his heel against me.	
John 13:22	Then the disciples looked one on another, doubting of whom he spake.	
John 13:3	Jesus knowing that the Father had given all things into his hands, and that he was come from God, and went to God;	
John 13:30	He then having received the sop went immediately out: and it was night.	
John 13:36	Simon Peter said unto him, Lord, whither goest thou? Jesus answered him, Whither I go, thou canst not follow me now; but thou shalt follow me afterwards.	
John 13:37	Peter said unto him, Lord, why cannot I follow thee now? I will lay down my life for thy sake.	
John 13:7	Jesus answered and said unto him, What I do thou knowest not now; but thou shalt know hereafter.	
John 13:9	Simon Peter saith unto him, Lord, not my feet only, but also my hands and my head.	
John 14:10	Believest thou not that I am in the Father, and the Father in me? the words that I speak unto you I speak not of myself: but the Father that dwelleth in me, he doeth the works.	
John 14:12	Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also; and greater works than these shall he do; because I go unto my Father.	
John 14:13	And whatsoever ye shall ask in my name, that will I do, that the Father may be glorified in the Son.	
John 14:14	If ye shall ask any thing in my name, I will do it.	
John 14:15	If ye love me, keep my commandments.	
John 14:17	Even the Spirit of truth; whom the world cannot receive, because it seeth him not, neither knoweth him: but ye know him; for he dwelleth with you, and shall be in you.	
John 14:20	At that day ye shall know that I am in my Father, and ye in me, and I in you.	
John 14:21	He that hath my commandments, and keepeth them, he it is that loveth me: and he that loveth me shall be loved of my Father, and I will love him, and will manifest myself to him.	
John 14:22	Judas saith unto him, not Iscariot, Lord, how is it that thou wilt manifest thyself unto us, and not unto the world?	
John 14:24	He that loveth me not keepeth not my sayings: and the word which ye hear is not mine, but the Father's which sent me.	
John 14:26	But the Comforter, which is the Holy Ghost, whom the Father will send in my name, he shall teach you all things, and bring all things to your remembrance, whatsoever I have said unto you.	
John 15:13	Greater love hath no man than this, that a man lay down his life for his friends.	
John 15:15	Henceforth I call you not servants; for the servant knoweth not what his lord doeth: but I have called you friends; for all things that I have heard of my Father I have made known unto you.	
John 15:2	Every branch in me that beareth not fruit he taketh away: and every branch that beareth fruit, he purgeth it, that it may bring forth more fruit.	
John 15:20	Remember the word that I said unto you, The servant is not greater than his lord. If they have persecuted me, they will also persecute you; if they have kept my saying, they will keep yours also.	
John 15:22	If I had not come and spoken unto them, they had not had sin: but now they have no cloak for their sin.	
John 15:3	Now ye are clean through the word which I have spoken unto you.	
John 15:9	As the Father hath loved me, so have I loved you: continue ye in my love.	
John 16:13	Howbeit when he, the Spirit of truth, is come, he will guide you into all truth: for he shall not speak of himself; but whatsoever he shall hear, that shall he speak: and he will shew you things to come.	
John 16:16	A little while, and ye shall not see me: and again, a little while, and ye shall see me, because I go to the Father.	
John 16:2	They shall put you out of the synagogues: yea, the time cometh, that whosoever killeth you will think that he doeth God service.	
John 16:24	Hitherto have ye asked nothing in my name: ask, and ye shall receive, that your joy may be full.	
John 16:29	His disciples said unto him, Lo, now speakest thou plainly, and speakest no proverb.	
John 16:3	And these things will they do unto you, because they have not known the Father, nor me.	
John 16:6	But because I have said these things unto you, sorrow hath filled your heart.	
John 16:7	Nevertheless I tell you the truth; It is expedient for you that I go away: for if I go not away, the Comforter will not come unto you; but if I depart, I will send him unto you.	
John 17:12	While I was with them in the world, I kept them in thy name: those that thou gavest me I have kept, and none of them is lost, but the son of perdition; that the scripture might be fulfilled.	
John 17:14	I have given them thy word; and the world hath hated them, because they are not of the world, even as I am not of the world.	
John 17:18	As thou hast sent me into the world, even so have I also sent them into the world.	
John 17:23	I in them, and thou in me, that they may be made perfect in one; and that the world may know that thou hast sent me, and hast loved them, as thou hast loved me.	
John 17:24	Father, I will that they also, whom thou hast given me, be with me where I am; that they may behold my glory, which thou hast given me: for thou lovedst me before the foundation of the world.	
John 17:25	O righteous Father, the world hath not known thee: but I have known thee, and these have known that thou hast sent me.	
John 17:7	Now they have known that all things whatsoever thou hast given me are of thee.	
John 18:1	When Jesus had spoken these words, he went forth with his disciples over the brook Cedron, where was a garden, into the which he entered, and his disciples.	
John 18:13	And led him away to Annas first; for he was father in law to Caiaphas, which was the high priest that same year.	
John 18:16	But Peter stood at the door without. Then went out that other disciple, which was known unto the high priest, and spake unto her that kept the door, and brought in Peter.	
John 18:21	Why askest thou me? ask them which heard me, what I have said unto them: behold, they know what I said.	
John 18:30	They answered and said unto him, If he were not a malefactor, we would not have delivered him up unto thee.	
John 18:33	Then Pilate entered into the judgment hall again, and called Jesus, and said unto him, Art thou the King of the Jews?	
John 18:38	Pilate saith unto him, What is truth? And when he had said this, he went out again unto the Jews, and saith unto them, I find in him no fault at all.	
John 18:4	Jesus therefore, knowing all things that should come upon him, went forth, and said unto them, Whom seek ye?	
John 18:5	They answered him, Jesus of Nazareth. Jesus saith unto them, I am he. And Judas also, which betrayed him, stood with them.	
John 18:9	That the saying might be fulfilled, which he spake, Of them which thou gavest me have I lost none.	
John 19:15	But they cried out, Away with him, away with him, crucify him. Pilate saith unto them, Shall I crucify your King? The chief priests answered, We have no king but Caesar.	
John 19:16	Then delivered he him therefore unto them to be crucified. And they took Jesus, and led him away.	
John 19:17	And he bearing his cross went forth into a place called the place of a skull, which is called in the Hebrew Golgotha:	
John 19:21	Then said the chief priests of the Jews to Pilate, Write not, The King of the Jews; but that he said, I am King of the Jews.	
John 19:27	Then saith he to the disciple, Behold thy mother! And from that hour that disciple took her unto his own home.	
John 19:3	And said, Hail, King of the Jews! and they smote him with their hands.	
John 19:32	Then came the soldiers, and brake the legs of the first, and of the other which was crucified with him.	
John 19:35	And he that saw it bare record, and his record is true: and he knoweth that he saith true, that ye might believe.	
John 1:1	In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God.	
John 1:10	He was in the world, and the world was made by him, and the world knew him not.	
John 1:13	Which were born, not of blood, nor of the will of the flesh, nor of the will of man, but of God.	
John 1:22	Then said they unto him, Who art thou? that we may give an answer to them that sent us. What sayest thou of thyself?	
John 1:24	And they which were sent were of the Pharisees.	
John 1:3	All things were made by him; and without him was not any thing made that was made.	
John 1:31	And I knew him not: but that he should be made manifest to Israel, therefore am I come baptizing with water.	
John 1:33	And I knew him not: but he that sent me to baptize with water, the same said unto me, Upon whom thou shalt see the Spirit descending, and remaining on him, the same is he which baptizeth with the Holy Ghost.	
John 1:38	Then Jesus turned, and saw them following, and saith unto them, What seek ye? They said unto him, Rabbi, (which is to say, being interpreted, Master,) where dwellest thou?	
John 1:41	He first findeth his own brother Simon, and saith unto him, We have found the Messias, which is, being interpreted, the Christ.	
John 1:43	The day following Jesus would go forth into Galilee, and findeth Philip, and saith unto him, Follow me.	
John 1:44	Now Philip was of Bethsaida, the city of Andrew and Peter.	
John 1:49	Nathanael answered and saith unto him, Rabbi, thou art the Son of God; thou art the King of Israel.	
John 1:51	And he saith unto him, Verily, verily, I say unto you, Hereafter ye shall see heaven open, and the angels of God ascending and descending upon the Son of man.	
John 20:15	Jesus saith unto her, Woman, why weepest thou? whom seekest thou? She, supposing him to be the gardener, saith unto him, Sir, if thou have borne him hence, tell me where thou hast laid him, and I will take him away.	
John 20:18	Mary Magdalene came and told the disciples that she had seen the LORD, and that he had spoken these things unto her.	
John 20:20	And when he had so said, he shewed unto them his hands and his side. Then were the disciples glad, when they saw the LORD.	
John 20:21	Then said Jesus to them again, Peace be unto you: as my Father hath sent me, even so send I you.	
John 20:23	Whose soever sins ye remit, they are remitted unto them; and whose soever sins ye retain, they are retained.	
John 20:25	The other disciples therefore said unto him, We have seen the LORD. But he said unto them, Except I shall see in his hands the print of the nails, and put my finger into the print of the nails, and thrust my hand into his side, I will not believe.	
John 20:26	And after eight days again his disciples were within, and Thomas with them: then came Jesus, the doors being shut, and stood in the midst, and said, Peace be unto you.	
John 20:27	Then saith he to Thomas, Reach hither thy finger, and behold my hands; and reach hither thy hand, and thrust it into my side: and be not faithless, but believing.	
John 20:29	Jesus saith unto him, Thomas, because thou hast seen me, thou hast believed: blessed are they that have not seen, and yet have believed.	
John 20:31	But these are written, that ye might believe that Jesus is the Christ, the Son of God; and that believing ye might have life through his name.	
John 20:4	So they ran both together: and the other disciple did outrun Peter, and came first to the sepulchre.	
John 20:8	Then went in also that other disciple, which came first to the sepulchre, and he saw, and believed.	
John 21:11	Simon Peter went up, and drew the net to land full of great fishes, an hundred and fifty and three: and for all there were so many, yet was not the net broken.	
John 21:18	Verily, verily, I say unto thee, When thou wast young, thou girdest thyself, and walkedst whither thou wouldest: but when thou shalt be old, thou shalt stretch forth thy hands, and another shall gird thee, and carry thee whither thou wouldest not.	
John 21:24	This is the disciple which testifieth of these things, and wrote these things: and we know that his testimony is true.	
John 21:5	Then Jesus saith unto them, Children, have ye any meat? They answered him, No.	
John 21:7	Therefore that disciple whom Jesus loved saith unto Peter, It is the Lord. Now when Simon Peter heard that it was the Lord, he girt his fisher's coat unto him, (for he was naked,) and did cast himself into the sea.	
John 2:11	This beginning of miracles did Jesus in Cana of Galilee, and manifested forth his glory; and his disciples believed on him.	
John 2:12	After this he went down to Capernaum, he, and his mother, and his brethren, and his disciples: and they continued there not many days.	
John 2:14	And found in the temple those that sold oxen and sheep and doves, and the changers of money sitting:	
John 2:18	Then answered the Jews and said unto him, What sign shewest thou unto us, seeing that thou doest these things?	
John 2:21	But he spake of the temple of his body.	
John 2:24	But Jesus did not commit himself unto them, because he knew all men,	
John 2:5	His mother saith unto the servants, Whatsoever he saith unto you, do it.	
John 3:12	If I have told you earthly things, and ye believe not, how shall ye believe, if I tell you of heavenly things?	
John 3:16	For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.	
John 3:18	He that believeth on him is not condemned: but he that believeth not is condemned already, because he hath not believed in the name of the only begotten Son of God.	
John 3:22	After these things came Jesus and his disciples into the land of Judaea; and there he tarried with them, and baptized.	
John 3:25	Then there arose a question between some of John's disciples and the Jews about purifying.	
John 3:29	He that hath the bride is the bridegroom: but the friend of the bridegroom, which standeth and heareth him, rejoiceth greatly because of the bridegroom's voice: this my joy therefore is fulfilled.	
John 3:33	He that hath received his testimony hath set to his seal that God is true.	
John 4:1	When therefore the LORD knew how the Pharisees had heard that Jesus made and baptized more disciples than John,	
John 4:14	But whosoever drinketh of the water that I shall give him shall never thirst; but the water that I shall give him shall be in him a well of water springing up into everlasting life.	
John 4:15	The woman saith unto him, Sir, give me this water, that I thirst not, neither come hither to draw.	
John 4:19	The woman saith unto him, Sir, I perceive that thou art a prophet.	
John 4:2	(Though Jesus himself baptized not, but his disciples,)	
John 4:25	The woman saith unto him, I know that Messias cometh, which is called Christ: when he is come, he will tell us all things.	
John 4:28	The woman then left her waterpot, and went her way into the city, and saith to the men,	
John 4:32	But he said unto them, I have meat to eat that ye know not of.	
John 4:35	Say not ye, There are yet four months, and then cometh harvest? behold, I say unto you, Lift up your eyes, and look on the fields; for they are white already to harvest.	
John 4:36	And he that reapeth receiveth wages, and gathereth fruit unto life eternal: that both he that soweth and he that reapeth may rejoice together.	
John 4:47	When he heard that Jesus was come out of Judaea into Galilee, he went unto him, and besought him that he would come down, and heal his son: for he was at the point of death.	
John 4:49	The nobleman saith unto him, Sir, come down ere my child die.	
John 4:51	And as he was now going down, his servants met him, and told him, saying, Thy son liveth.	
John 4:52	Then enquired he of them the hour when he began to amend. And they said unto him, Yesterday at the seventh hour the fever left him.	
John 4:53	So the father knew that it was at the same hour, in the which Jesus said unto him, Thy son liveth: and himself believed, and his whole house.	
John 4:54	This is again the second miracle that Jesus did, when he was come out of Judaea into Galilee.	
John 4:6	Now Jacob's well was there. Jesus therefore, being wearied with his journey, sat thus on the well: and it was about the sixth hour.	
John 4:7	There cometh a woman of Samaria to draw water: Jesus saith unto her, Give me to drink.	
John 5:10	The Jews therefore said unto him that was cured, It is the sabbath day: it is not lawful for thee to carry thy bed.	
John 5:12	Then asked they him, What man is that which said unto thee, Take up thy bed, and walk?	
John 5:17	But Jesus answered them, My Father worketh hitherto, and I work.	
John 5:18	Therefore the Jews sought the more to kill him, because he not only had broken the sabbath, but said also that God was his Father, making himself equal with God.	
John 5:21	For as the Father raiseth up the dead, and quickeneth them; even so the Son quickeneth whom he will.	
John 5:22	For the Father judgeth no man, but hath committed all judgment unto the Son:	
John 5:23	That all men should honour the Son, even as they honour the Father. He that honoureth not the Son honoureth not the Father which hath sent him.	
John 5:30	I can of mine own self do nothing: as I hear, I judge: and my judgment is just; because I seek not mine own will, but the will of the Father which hath sent me.	
John 5:32	There is another that beareth witness of me; and I know that the witness which he witnesseth of me is true.	
John 5:33	Ye sent unto John, and he bare witness unto the truth.	
John 5:38	And ye have not his word abiding in you: for whom he hath sent, him ye believe not.	
John 5:42	But I know you, that ye have not the love of God in you.	
John 5:43	I am come in my Father's name, and ye receive me not: if another shall come in his own name, him ye will receive.	
John 5:5	And a certain man was there, which had an infirmity thirty and eight years.	
John 5:6	When Jesus saw him lie, and knew that he had been now a long time in that case, he saith unto him, Wilt thou be made whole?	
John 5:8	Jesus saith unto him, Rise, take up thy bed, and walk.	
John 6:15	When Jesus therefore perceived that they would come and take him by force, to make him a king, he departed again into a mountain himself alone.	
John 6:16	And when even was now come, his disciples went down unto the sea,	
John 6:18	And the sea arose by reason of a great wind that blew.	
John 6:20	But he saith unto them, It is I; be not afraid.	
John 6:27	Labour not for the meat which perisheth, but for that meat which endureth unto everlasting life, which the Son of man shall give unto you: for him hath God the Father sealed.	
John 6:28	Then said they unto him, What shall we do, that we might work the works of God?	
John 6:31	Our fathers did eat manna in the desert; as it is written, He gave them bread from heaven to eat.	
John 6:33	For the bread of God is he which cometh down from heaven, and giveth life unto the world.	
John 6:39	And this is the Father's will which hath sent me, that of all which he hath given me I should lose nothing, but should raise it up again at the last day.	
John 6:46	Not that any man hath seen the Father, save he which is of God, he hath seen the Father.	
John 6:51	I am the living bread which came down from heaven: if any man eat of this bread, he shall live for ever: and the bread that I will give is my flesh, which I will give for the life of the world.	
John 6:55	For my flesh is meat indeed, and my blood is drink indeed.	
John 6:56	He that eateth my flesh, and drinketh my blood, dwelleth in me, and I in him.	
John 6:59	These things said he in the synagogue, as he taught in Capernaum.	
John 6:63	It is the spirit that quickeneth; the flesh profiteth nothing: the words that I speak unto you, they are spirit, and they are life.	
John 6:64	But there are some of you that believe not. For Jesus knew from the beginning who they were that believed not, and who should betray him.	
John 6:8	One of his disciples, Andrew, Simon Peter's brother, saith unto him,	
John 7:14	Now about the midst of the feast Jesus went up into the temple, and taught.	
John 7:15	And the Jews marvelled, saying, How knoweth this man letters, having never learned?	
John 7:16	Jesus answered them, and said, My doctrine is not mine, but his that sent me.	
John 7:17	If any man will do his will, he shall know of the doctrine, whether it be of God, or whether I speak of myself.	
John 7:22	Moses therefore gave unto you circumcision; (not because it is of Moses, but of the fathers;) and ye on the sabbath day circumcise a man.	
John 7:26	But, lo, he speaketh boldly, and they say nothing unto him. Do the rulers know indeed that this is the very Christ?	
John 7:3	His brethren therefore said unto him, Depart hence, and go into Judaea, that thy disciples also may see the works that thou doest.	
John 7:33	Then said Jesus unto them, Yet a little while am I with you, and then I go unto him that sent me.	
John 7:34	Ye shall seek me, and shall not find me: and where I am, thither ye cannot come.	
John 7:37	In the last day, that great day of the feast, Jesus stood and cried, saying, If any man thirst, let him come unto me, and drink.	
John 7:40	Many of the people therefore, when they heard this saying, said, Of a truth this is the Prophet.	
John 7:42	Hath not the scripture said, That Christ cometh of the seed of David, and out of the town of Bethlehem, where David was?	
John 7:48	Have any of the rulers or of the Pharisees believed on him?	
John 7:50	Nicodemus saith unto them, (he that came to Jesus by night, being one of them,)	
John 7:8	Go ye up unto this feast: I go not up yet unto this feast: for my time is not yet full come.	
John 8:18	I am one that bear witness of myself, and the Father that sent me beareth witness of me.	
John 8:20	These words spake Jesus in the treasury, as he taught in the temple: and no man laid hands on him; for his hour was not yet come.	
John 8:21	Then said Jesus again unto them, I go my way, and ye shall seek me, and shall die in your sins: whither I go, ye cannot come.	
John 8:22	Then said the Jews, Will he kill himself? because he saith, Whither I go, ye cannot come.	
John 8:23	And he said unto them, Ye are from beneath; I am from above: ye are of this world; I am not of this world.	
John 8:26	I have many things to say and to judge of you: but he that sent me is true; and I speak to the world those things which I have heard of him.	
John 8:28	Then said Jesus unto them, When ye have lifted up the Son of man, then shall ye know that I am he, and that I do nothing of myself; but as my Father hath taught me, I speak these things.	
John 8:29	And he that sent me is with me: the Father hath not left me alone; for I do always those things that please him.	
John 8:31	Then said Jesus to those Jews which believed on him, If ye continue in my word, then are ye my disciples indeed;	
John 8:35	And the servant abideth not in the house for ever: but the Son abideth ever.	
John 8:46	Which of you convinceth me of sin? And if I say the truth, why do ye not believe me?	
John 8:53	Art thou greater than our father Abraham, which is dead? and the prophets are dead: whom makest thou thyself?	
John 8:55	Yet ye have not known him; but I know him: and if I should say, I know him not, I shall be a liar like unto you: but I know him, and keep his saying.	
John 8:56	Your father Abraham rejoiced to see my day: and he saw it, and was glad.	
John 9:1	And as Jesus passed by, he saw a man which was blind from his birth.	
John 9:13	They brought to the Pharisees him that aforetime was blind.	
John 9:15	Then again the Pharisees also asked him how he had received his sight. He said unto them, He put clay upon mine eyes, and I washed, and do see.	
John 9:20	His parents answered them and said, We know that this is our son, and that he was born blind:	
John 9:22	These words spake his parents, because they feared the Jews: for the Jews had agreed already, that if any man did confess that he was Christ, he should be put out of the synagogue.	
John 9:25	He answered and said, Whether he be a sinner or no, I know not: one thing I know, that, whereas I was blind, now I see.	
John 9:26	Then said they to him again, What did he to thee? how opened he thine eyes?	
John 9:27	He answered them, I have told you already, and ye did not hear: wherefore would ye hear it again? will ye also be his disciples?	
John 9:28	Then they reviled him, and said, Thou art his disciple; but we are Moses' disciples.	
John 9:3	Jesus answered, Neither hath this man sinned, nor his parents: but that the works of God should be made manifest in him.	
John 9:30	The man answered and said unto them, Why herein is a marvellous thing, that ye know not from whence he is, and yet he hath opened mine eyes.	
John 9:5	As long as I am in the world, I am the light of the world.	
John 9:6	When he had thus spoken, he spat on the ground, and made clay of the spittle, and he anointed the eyes of the blind man with the clay,	
John 9:7	And said unto him, Go, wash in the pool of Siloam, (which is by interpretation, Sent.) He went his way therefore, and washed, and came seeing.	
Jonah 1:1	Now the word of the LORD came unto Jonah the son of Amittai, saying,	
Jonah 1:14	Wherefore they cried unto the LORD, and said, We beseech thee, O LORD, we beseech thee, let us not perish for this man's life, and lay not upon us innocent blood: for thou, O LORD, hast done as it pleased thee.	
Jonah 2:2	And said, I cried by reason of mine affliction unto the LORD, and he heard me; out of the belly of hell cried I, and thou heardest my voice.	
Jonah 3:4	And Jonah began to enter into the city a day's journey, and he cried, and said, Yet forty days, and Nineveh shall be overthrown.	
Jonah 3:5	So the people of Nineveh believed God, and proclaimed a fast, and put on sackcloth, from the greatest of them even to the least of them.	
Jonah 4:1	But it displeased Jonah exceedingly, and he was very angry.	
Jonah 4:8	And it came to pass, when the sun did arise, that God prepared a vehement east wind; and the sun beat upon the head of Jonah, that he fainted, and wished in himself to die, and said, It is better for me to die than to live.	
Joshua 10:1	Now it came to pass, when Adonizedec king of Jerusalem had heard how Joshua had taken Ai, and had utterly destroyed it; as he had done to Jericho and her king, so he had done to Ai and her king; and how the inhabitants of Gibeon had made peace with Israel, and were among them;	
Joshua 10:13	And the sun stood still, and the moon stayed, until the people had avenged themselves upon their enemies. Is not this written in the book of Jasher? So the sun stood still in the midst of heaven, and hasted not to go down about a whole day.	
Joshua 10:20	And it came to pass, when Joshua and the children of Israel had made an end of slaying them with a very great slaughter, till they were consumed, that the rest which remained of them entered into fenced cities.	
Joshua 10:29	Then Joshua passed from Makkedah, and all Israel with him, unto Libnah, and fought against Libnah:	
Joshua 10:3	Wherefore Adonizedec king of Jerusalem, sent unto Hoham king of Hebron, and unto Piram king of Jarmuth, and unto Japhia king of Lachish, and unto Debir king of Eglon, saying,	
Joshua 10:31	And Joshua passed from Libnah, and all Israel with him, unto Lachish, and encamped against it, and fought against it:	
Joshua 10:33	Then Horam king of Gezer came up to help Lachish; and Joshua smote him and his people, until he had left him none remaining.	
Joshua 10:39	And he took it, and the king thereof, and all the cities thereof; and they smote them with the edge of the sword, and utterly destroyed all the souls that were therein; he left none remaining: as he had done to Hebron, so he did to Debir, and to the king thereof; as he had done also to Libnah, and to her king.	
Joshua 10:8	And the LORD said unto Joshua, Fear them not: for I have delivered them into thine hand; there shall not a man of them stand before thee.	
Joshua 11:1	And it came to pass, when Jabin king of Hazor had heard those things, that he sent to Jobab king of Madon, and to the king of Shimron, and to the king of Achshaph,	
Joshua 11:15	As the LORD commanded Moses his servant, so did Moses command Joshua, and so did Joshua; he left nothing undone of all that the LORD commanded Moses.	
Joshua 11:16	So Joshua took all that land, the hills, and all the south country, and all the land of Goshen, and the valley, and the plain, and the mountain of Israel, and the valley of the same;	
Joshua 11:17	Even from the mount Halak, that goeth up to Seir, even unto Baalgad in the valley of Lebanon under mount Hermon: and all their kings he took, and smote them, and slew them.	
Joshua 11:6	And the LORD said unto Joshua, Be not afraid because of them: for to morrow about this time will I deliver them up all slain before Israel: thou shalt hough their horses, and burn their chariots with fire.	
Joshua 12:10	The king of Jerusalem, one; the king of Hebron, one;	
Joshua 12:16	The king of Makkedah, one; the king of Bethel, one;	
Joshua 12:17	The king of Tappuah, one; the king of Hepher, one;	
Joshua 12:5	And reigned in mount Hermon, and in Salcah, and in all Bashan, unto the border of the Geshurites and the Maachathites, and half Gilead, the border of Sihon king of Heshbon.	
Joshua 12:7	And these are the kings of the country which Joshua and the children of Israel smote on this side Jordan on the west, from Baalgad in the valley of Lebanon even unto the mount Halak, that goeth up to Seir; which Joshua gave unto the tribes of Israel for a possession according to their divisions;	
Joshua 13:12	All the kingdom of Og in Bashan, which reigned in Ashtaroth and in Edrei, who remained of the remnant of the giants: for these did Moses smite, and cast them out.	
Joshua 13:17	Heshbon, and all her cities that are in the plain; Dibon, and Bamothbaal, and Bethbaalmeon,	
Joshua 13:19	And Kirjathaim, and Sibmah, and Zarethshahar in the mount of the valley,	
Joshua 13:22	Balaam also the son of Beor, the soothsayer, did the children of Israel slay with the sword among them that were slain by them.	
Joshua 13:25	And their coast was Jazer, and all the cities of Gilead, and half the land of the children of Ammon, unto Aroer that is before Rabbah;	
Joshua 13:5	And the land of the Giblites, and all Lebanon, toward the sunrising, from Baalgad under mount Hermon unto the entering into Hamath.	
Joshua 13:9	From Aroer, that is upon the bank of the river Arnon, and the city that is in the midst of the river, and all the plain of Medeba unto Dibon;	
Joshua 14:1	And these are the countries which the children of Israel inherited in the land of Canaan, which Eleazar the priest, and Joshua the son of Nun, and the heads of the fathers of the tribes of the children of Israel, distributed for inheritance to them.	
Joshua 14:6	Then the children of Judah came unto Joshua in Gilgal: and Caleb the son of Jephunneh the Kenezite said unto him, Thou knowest the thing that the LORD said unto Moses the man of God concerning me and thee in Kadeshbarnea.	
Joshua 14:9	And Moses sware on that day, saying, Surely the land whereon thy feet have trodden shall be thine inheritance, and thy children's for ever, because thou hast wholly followed the LORD my God.	
Joshua 15:1	This then was the lot of the tribe of the children of Judah by their families; even to the border of Edom the wilderness of Zin southward was the uttermost part of the south coast.	
Joshua 15:10	And the border compassed from Baalah westward unto mount Seir, and passed along unto the side of mount Jearim, which is Chesalon, on the north side, and went down to Bethshemesh, and passed on to Timnah:	
Joshua 15:15	And he went up thence to the inhabitants of Debir: and the name of Debir before was Kirjathsepher.	
Joshua 15:19	Who answered, Give me a blessing; for thou hast given me a south land; give me also springs of water. And he gave her the upper springs, and the nether springs.	
Joshua 15:20	This is the inheritance of the tribe of the children of Judah according to their families.	
Joshua 15:25	And Hazor, Hadattah, and Kerioth, and Hezron, which is Hazor,	
Joshua 15:26	Amam, and Shema, and Moladah,	
Joshua 15:27	And Hazargaddah, and Heshmon, and Bethpalet,	
Joshua 15:28	And Hazarshual, and Beersheba, and Bizjothjah,	
Joshua 15:29	Baalah, and Iim, and Azem,	
Joshua 15:3	And it went out to the south side to Maalehacrabbim, and passed along to Zin, and ascended up on the south side unto Kadeshbarnea, and passed along to Hezron, and went up to Adar, and fetched a compass to Karkaa:	
Joshua 15:32	And Lebaoth, and Shilhim, and Ain, and Rimmon: all the cities are twenty and nine, with their villages:	
Joshua 15:33	And in the valley, Eshtaol, and Zoreah, and Ashnah,	
Joshua 15:38	And Dilean, and Mizpeh, and Joktheel,	
Joshua 15:39	Lachish, and Bozkath, and Eglon,	
Joshua 15:44	And Keilah, and Achzib, and Mareshah; nine cities with their villages:	
Joshua 15:5	And the east border was the salt sea, even unto the end of Jordan. And their border in the north quarter was from the bay of the sea at the uttermost part of Jordan:	
Joshua 15:62	And Nibshan, and the city of Salt, and Engedi; six cities with their villages.	
Joshua 15:63	As for the Jebusites the inhabitants of Jerusalem, the children of Judah could not drive them out; but the Jebusites dwell with the children of Judah at Jerusalem unto this day.	
Joshua 15:8	And the border went up by the valley of the son of Hinnom unto the south side of the Jebusite; the same is Jerusalem: and the border went up to the top of the mountain that lieth before the valley of Hinnom westward, which is at the end of the valley of the giants northward:	
Joshua 16:3	And goeth down westward to the coast of Japhleti, unto the coast of Bethhoron the nether, and to Gezer; and the goings out thereof are at the sea.	
Joshua 16:7	And it went down from Janohah to Ataroth, and to Naarath, and came to Jericho, and went out at Jordan.	
Joshua 17:1	There was also a lot for the tribe of Manasseh; for he was the firstborn of Joseph; to wit, for Machir the firstborn of Manasseh, the father of Gilead: because he was a man of war, therefore he had Gilead and Bashan.	
Joshua 17:2	There was also a lot for the rest of the children of Manasseh by their families; for the children of Abiezer, and for the children of Helek, and for the children of Asriel, and for the children of Shechem, and for the children of Hepher, and for the children of Shemida: these were the male children of Manasseh the son of Joseph by their families.	
Joshua 17:3	But Zelophehad, the son of Hepher, the son of Gilead, the son of Machir, the son of Manasseh, had no sons, but daughters: and these are the names of his daughters, Mahlah, and Noah, Hoglah, Milcah, and Tirzah.	
Joshua 17:4	And they came near before Eleazar the priest, and before Joshua the son of Nun, and before the princes, saying, The LORD commanded Moses to give us an inheritance among our brethren. Therefore according to the commandment of the LORD he gave them an inheritance among the brethren of their father.	
Joshua 17:5	And there fell ten portions to Manasseh, beside the land of Gilead and Bashan, which were on the other side Jordan;	
Joshua 17:9	And the coast descended unto the river Kanah, southward of the river: these cities of Ephraim are among the cities of Manasseh: the coast of Manasseh also was on the north side of the river, and the outgoings of it were at the sea:	
Joshua 18:10	And Joshua cast lots for them in Shiloh before the LORD: and there Joshua divided the land unto the children of Israel according to their divisions.	
Joshua 18:15	And the south quarter was from the end of Kirjathjearim, and the border went out on the west, and went out to the well of waters of Nephtoah:	
Joshua 18:20	And Jordan was the border of it on the east side. This was the inheritance of the children of Benjamin, by the coasts thereof round about, according to their families.	
Joshua 18:21	Now the cities of the tribe of the children of Benjamin according to their families were Jericho, and Bethhoglah, and the valley of Keziz,	
Joshua 18:23	And Avim, and Pharah, and Ophrah,	
Joshua 18:26	And Mizpeh, and Chephirah, and Mozah,	
Joshua 18:4	Give out from among you three men for each tribe: and I will send them, and they shall rise, and go through the land, and describe it according to the inheritance of them; and they shall come again to me.	
Joshua 19:12	And turned from Sarid eastward toward the sunrising unto the border of Chislothtabor, and then goeth out to Daberath, and goeth up to Japhia,	
Joshua 19:18	And their border was toward Jezreel, and Chesulloth, and Shunem,	
Joshua 19:20	And Rabbith, and Kishion, and Abez,	
Joshua 19:26	And Alammelech, and Amad, and Misheal; and reacheth to Carmel westward, and to Shihorlibnath;	
Joshua 19:27	And turneth toward the sunrising to Bethdagon, and reacheth to Zebulun, and to the valley of Jiphthahel toward the north side of Bethemek, and Neiel, and goeth out to Cabul on the left hand,	
Joshua 19:3	And Hazarshual, and Balah, and Azem,	
Joshua 19:31	This is the inheritance of the tribe of the children of Asher according to their families, these cities with their villages.	
Joshua 19:32	The sixth lot came out to the children of Naphtali, even for the children of Naphtali according to their families.	
Joshua 19:35	And the fenced cities are Ziddim, Zer, and Hammath, Rakkath, and Chinnereth,	
Joshua 19:40	And the seventh lot came out for the tribe of the children of Dan according to their families.	
Joshua 19:48	This is the inheritance of the tribe of the children of Dan according to their families, these cities with their villages.	
Joshua 19:49	When they had made an end of dividing the land for inheritance by their coasts, the children of Israel gave an inheritance to Joshua the son of Nun among them:	
Joshua 19:5	And Ziklag, and Bethmarcaboth, and Hazarsusah,	
Joshua 19:7	Ain, Remmon, and Ether, and Ashan; four cities and their villages:	
Joshua 19:8	And all the villages that were round about these cities to Baalathbeer, Ramath of the south. This is the inheritance of the tribe of the children of Simeon according to their families.	
Joshua 1:15	Until the LORD have given your brethren rest, as he hath given you, and they also have possessed the land which the LORD your God giveth them: then ye shall return unto the land of your possession, and enjoy it, which Moses the LORD's servant gave you on this side Jordan toward the sunrising.	
Joshua 1:2	Moses my servant is dead; now therefore arise, go over this Jordan, thou, and all this people, unto the land which I do give to them, even to the children of Israel.	
Joshua 1:3	Every place that the sole of your foot shall tread upon, that have I given unto you, as I said unto Moses.	
Joshua 1:7	Only be thou strong and very courageous, that thou mayest observe to do according to all the law, which Moses my servant commanded thee: turn not from it to the right hand or to the left, that thou mayest prosper whithersoever thou goest.	
Joshua 1:9	Have not I commanded thee? Be strong and of a good courage; be not afraid, neither be thou dismayed: for the LORD thy God is with thee whithersoever thou goest.	
Joshua 20:4	And when he that doth flee unto one of those cities shall stand at the entering of the gate of the city, and shall declare his cause in the ears of the elders of that city, they shall take him into the city unto them, and give him a place, that he may dwell among them.	
Joshua 20:7	And they appointed Kedesh in Galilee in mount Naphtali, and Shechem in mount Ephraim, and Kirjatharba, which is Hebron, in the mountain of Judah.	
Joshua 20:8	And on the other side Jordan by Jericho eastward, they assigned Bezer in the wilderness upon the plain out of the tribe of Reuben, and Ramoth in Gilead out of the tribe of Gad, and Golan in Bashan out of the tribe of Manasseh.	
Joshua 20:9	These were the cities appointed for all the children of Israel, and for the stranger that sojourneth among them, that whosoever killeth any person at unawares might flee thither, and not die by the hand of the avenger of blood, until he stood before the congregation.	
Joshua 21:1	Then came near the heads of the fathers of the Levites unto Eleazar the priest, and unto Joshua the son of Nun, and unto the heads of the fathers of the tribes of the children of Israel;	
Joshua 21:13	Thus they gave to the children of Aaron the priest Hebron with her suburbs, to be a city of refuge for the slayer; and Libnah with her suburbs,	
Joshua 21:14	And Jattir with her suburbs, and Eshtemoa with her suburbs,	
Joshua 21:20	And the families of the children of Kohath, the Levites which remained of the children of Kohath, even they had the cities of their lot out of the tribe of Ephraim.	
Joshua 21:29	Jarmuth with her suburbs, Engannim with her suburbs; four cities.	
Joshua 21:3	And the children of Israel gave unto the Levites out of their inheritance, at the commandment of the LORD, these cities and their suburbs.	
Joshua 21:4	And the lot came out for the families of the Kohathites: and the children of Aaron the priest, which were of the Levites, had by lot out of the tribe of Judah, and out of the tribe of Simeon, and out of the tribe of Benjamin, thirteen cities.	
Joshua 21:42	These cities were every one with their suburbs round about them: thus were all these cities.	
Joshua 21:43	And the LORD gave unto Israel all the land which he sware to give unto their fathers; and they possessed it, and dwelt therein.	
Joshua 21:6	And the children of Gershon had by lot out of the families of the tribe of Issachar, and out of the tribe of Asher, and out of the tribe of Naphtali, and out of the half tribe of Manasseh in Bashan, thirteen cities.	
Joshua 21:7	The children of Merari by their families had out of the tribe of Reuben, and out of the tribe of Gad, and out of the tribe of Zebulun, twelve cities.	
Joshua 21:9	And they gave out of the tribe of the children of Judah, and out of the tribe of the children of Simeon, these cities which are here mentioned by name.	
Joshua 22:16	Thus saith the whole congregation of the LORD, What trespass is this that ye have committed against the God of Israel, to turn away this day from following the LORD, in that ye have builded you an altar, that ye might rebel this day against the LORD?	
Joshua 22:18	But that ye must turn away this day from following the LORD? and it will be, seeing ye rebel to day against the LORD, that to morrow he will be wroth with the whole congregation of Israel.	
Joshua 22:20	Did not Achan the son of Zerah commit a trespass in the accursed thing, and wrath fell on all the congregation of Israel? and that man perished not alone in his iniquity.	
Joshua 22:22	The LORD God of gods, the LORD God of gods, he knoweth, and Israel he shall know; if it be in rebellion, or if in transgression against the LORD, (save us not this day,)	
Joshua 22:23	That we have built us an altar to turn from following the LORD, or if to offer thereon burnt offering or meat offering, or if to offer peace offerings thereon, let the LORD himself require it;	
Joshua 22:30	And when Phinehas the priest, and the princes of the congregation and heads of the thousands of Israel which were with him, heard the words that the children of Reuben and the children of Gad and the children of Manasseh spake, it pleased them.	
Joshua 22:31	And Phinehas the son of Eleazar the priest said unto the children of Reuben, and to the children of Gad, and to the children of Manasseh, This day we perceive that the LORD is among us, because ye have not committed this trespass against the LORD: now ye have delivered the children of Israel out of the hand of the LORD.	
Joshua 22:32	And Phinehas the son of Eleazar the priest, and the princes, returned from the children of Reuben, and from the children of Gad, out of the land of Gilead, unto the land of Canaan, to the children of Israel, and brought them word again.	
Joshua 22:7	Now to the one half of the tribe of Manasseh Moses had given possession in Bashan: but unto the other half thereof gave Joshua among their brethren on this side Jordan westward. And when Joshua sent them away also unto their tents, then he blessed them,	
Joshua 23:13	Know for a certainty that the LORD your God will no more drive out any of these nations from before you; but they shall be snares and traps unto you, and scourges in your sides, and thorns in your eyes, until ye perish from off this good land which the LORD your God hath given you.	
Joshua 23:15	Therefore it shall come to pass, that as all good things are come upon you, which the LORD your God promised you; so shall the LORD bring upon you all evil things, until he have destroyed you from off this good land which the LORD your God hath given you.	
Joshua 23:16	When ye have transgressed the covenant of the LORD your God, which he commanded you, and have gone and served other gods, and bowed yourselves to them; then shall the anger of the LORD be kindled against you, and ye shall perish quickly from off the good land which he hath given unto you.	
Joshua 23:2	And Joshua called for all Israel, and for their elders, and for their heads, and for their judges, and for their officers, and said unto them, I am old and stricken in age:	
Joshua 23:5	And the LORD your God, he shall expel them from before you, and drive them from out of your sight; and ye shall possess their land, as the LORD your God hath promised unto you.	
Joshua 24:10	But I would not hearken unto Balaam; therefore he blessed you still: so I delivered you out of his hand.	
Joshua 24:15	And if it seem evil unto you to serve the LORD, choose you this day whom ye will serve; whether the gods which your fathers served that were on the other side of the flood, or the gods of the Amorites, in whose land ye dwell: but as for me and my house, we will serve the LORD.	
Joshua 24:18	And the LORD drave out from before us all the people, even the Amorites which dwelt in the land: therefore will we also serve the LORD; for he is our God.	
Joshua 24:2	And Joshua said unto all the people, Thus saith the LORD God of Israel, Your fathers dwelt on the other side of the flood in old time, even Terah, the father of Abraham, and the father of Nachor: and they served other gods.	
Joshua 24:21	And the people said unto Joshua, Nay; but we will serve the LORD.	
Joshua 24:22	And Joshua said unto the people, Ye are witnesses against yourselves that ye have chosen you the LORD, to serve him. And they said, We are witnesses.	
Joshua 24:27	And Joshua said unto all the people, Behold, this stone shall be a witness unto us; for it hath heard all the words of the LORD which he spake unto us: it shall be therefore a witness unto you, lest ye deny your God.	
Joshua 24:28	So Joshua let the people depart, every man unto his inheritance.	
Joshua 24:3	And I took your father Abraham from the other side of the flood, and led him throughout all the land of Canaan, and multiplied his seed, and gave him Isaac.	
Joshua 24:8	And I brought you into the land of the Amorites, which dwelt on the other side Jordan; and they fought with you: and I gave them into your hand, that ye might possess their land; and I destroyed them from before you.	
Joshua 24:9	Then Balak the son of Zippor, king of Moab, arose and warred against Israel, and sent and called Balaam the son of Beor to curse you:	
Joshua 2:11	And as soon as we had heard these things, our hearts did melt, neither did there remain any more courage in any man, because of you: for the LORD your God, he is God in heaven above, and in earth beneath.	
Joshua 2:14	And the men answered her, Our life for yours, if ye utter not this our business. And it shall be, when the LORD hath given us the land, that we will deal kindly and truly with thee.	
Joshua 2:21	And she said, According unto your words, so be it. And she sent them away, and they departed: and she bound the scarlet line in the window.	
Joshua 3:2	And it came to pass after three days, that the officers went through the host;	
Joshua 3:4	Yet there shall be a space between you and it, about two thousand cubits by measure: come not near unto it, that ye may know the way by which ye must go: for ye have not passed this way heretofore.	
Joshua 4:1	And it came to pass, when all the people were clean passed over Jordan, that the LORD spake unto Joshua, saying,	
Joshua 4:13	About forty thousand prepared for war passed over before the LORD unto battle, to the plains of Jericho.	
Joshua 4:16	Command the priests that bear the ark of the testimony, that they come up out of Jordan.	
Joshua 4:17	Joshua therefore commanded the priests, saying, Come ye up out of Jordan.	
Joshua 4:21	And he spake unto the children of Israel, saying, When your children shall ask their fathers in time to come, saying, What mean these stones?	
Joshua 5:10	And the children of Israel encamped in Gilgal, and kept the passover on the fourteenth day of the month at even in the plains of Jericho.	
Joshua 5:2	At that time the LORD said unto Joshua, Make thee sharp knives, and circumcise again the children of Israel the second time.	
Joshua 5:4	And this is the cause why Joshua did circumcise: All the people that came out of Egypt, that were males, even all the men of war, died in the wilderness by the way, after they came out of Egypt.	
Joshua 5:5	Now all the people that came out were circumcised: but all the people that were born in the wilderness by the way as they came forth out of Egypt, them they had not circumcised.	
Joshua 5:8	And it came to pass, when they had done circumcising all the people, that they abode in their places in the camp, till they were whole.	
Joshua 6:10	And Joshua had commanded the people, saying, Ye shall not shout, nor make any noise with your voice, neither shall any word proceed out of your mouth, until the day I bid you shout; then shall ye shout.	
Joshua 6:12	And Joshua rose early in the morning, and the priests took up the ark of the LORD.	
Joshua 6:17	And the city shall be accursed, even it, and all that are therein, to the LORD: only Rahab the harlot shall live, she and all that are with her in the house, because she hid the messengers that we sent.	
Joshua 6:19	But all the silver, and gold, and vessels of brass and iron, are consecrated unto the LORD: they shall come into the treasury of the LORD.	
Joshua 6:24	And they burnt the city with fire, and all that was therein: only the silver, and the gold, and the vessels of brass and of iron, they put into the treasury of the house of the LORD.	
Joshua 6:26	And Joshua adjured them at that time, saying, Cursed be the man before the LORD, that riseth up and buildeth this city Jericho: he shall lay the foundation thereof in his firstborn, and in his youngest son shall he set up the gates of it.	
Joshua 6:5	And it shall come to pass, that when they make a long blast with the ram's horn, and when ye hear the sound of the trumpet, all the people shall shout with a great shout; and the wall of the city shall fall down flat, and the people shall ascend up every man straight before him.	
Joshua 6:7	And he said unto the people, Pass on, and compass the city, and let him that is armed pass on before the ark of the LORD.	
Joshua 6:8	And it came to pass, when Joshua had spoken unto the people, that the seven priests bearing the seven trumpets of rams' horns passed on before the LORD, and blew with the trumpets: and the ark of the covenant of the LORD followed them.	
Joshua 7:11	Israel hath sinned, and they have also transgressed my covenant which I commanded them: for they have even taken of the accursed thing, and have also stolen, and dissembled also, and they have put it even among their own stuff.	
Joshua 7:15	And it shall be, that he that is taken with the accursed thing shall be burnt with fire, he and all that he hath: because he hath transgressed the covenant of the LORD, and because he hath wrought folly in Israel.	
Joshua 7:20	And Achan answered Joshua, and said, Indeed I have sinned against the LORD God of Israel, and thus and thus have I done:	
Joshua 7:21	When I saw among the spoils a goodly Babylonish garment, and two hundred shekels of silver, and a wedge of gold of fifty shekels weight, then I coveted them, and took them; and, behold, they are hid in the earth in the midst of my tent, and the silver under it.	
Joshua 7:22	So Joshua sent messengers, and they ran unto the tent; and, behold, it was hid in his tent, and the silver under it.	
Joshua 7:6	And Joshua rent his clothes, and fell to the earth upon his face before the ark of the LORD until the eventide, he and the elders of Israel, and put dust upon their heads.	
Joshua 8:12	And he took about five thousand men, and set them to lie in ambush between Bethel and Ai, on the west side of the city.	
Joshua 8:14	And it came to pass, when the king of Ai saw it, that they hasted and rose up early, and the men of the city went out against Israel to battle, he and all his people, at a time appointed, before the plain; but he wist not that there were liers in ambush against him behind the city.	
Joshua 8:17	And there was not a man left in Ai or Bethel, that went not out after Israel: and they left the city open, and pursued after Israel.	
Joshua 8:18	And the LORD said unto Joshua, Stretch out the spear that is in thy hand toward Ai; for I will give it into thine hand. And Joshua stretched out the spear that he had in his hand toward the city.	
Joshua 8:23	And the king of Ai they took alive, and brought him to Joshua.	
Joshua 8:26	For Joshua drew not his hand back, wherewith he stretched out the spear, until he had utterly destroyed all the inhabitants of Ai.	
Joshua 8:27	Only the cattle and the spoil of that city Israel took for a prey unto themselves, according unto the word of the LORD which he commanded Joshua.	
Joshua 8:30	Then Joshua built an altar unto the LORD God of Israel in mount Ebal,	
Joshua 8:33	And all Israel, and their elders, and officers, and their judges, stood on this side the ark and on that side before the priests the Levites, which bare the ark of the covenant of the LORD, as well the stranger, as he that was born among them; half of them over against mount Gerizim, and half of them over against mount Ebal; as Moses the servant of the LORD had commanded before, that they should bless the people of Israel.	
Joshua 8:7	Then ye shall rise up from the ambush, and seize upon the city: for the LORD your God will deliver it into your hand.	
Joshua 8:9	Joshua therefore sent them forth: and they went to lie in ambush, and abode between Bethel and Ai, on the west side of Ai: but Joshua lodged that night among the people.	
Joshua 9:1	And it came to pass, when all the kings which were on this side Jordan, in the hills, and in the valleys, and in all the coasts of the great sea over against Lebanon, the Hittite, and the Amorite, the Canaanite, the Perizzite, the Hivite, and the Jebusite, heard thereof;	
Joshua 9:18	And the children of Israel smote them not, because the princes of the congregation had sworn unto them by the LORD God of Israel. And all the congregation murmured against the princes.	
Joshua 9:2	That they gathered themselves together, to fight with Joshua and with Israel, with one accord.	
Joshua 9:22	And Joshua called for them, and he spake unto them, saying, Wherefore have ye beguiled us, saying, We are very far from you; when ye dwell among us?	
Joshua 9:25	And now, behold, we are in thine hand: as it seemeth good and right unto thee to do unto us, do.	
Joshua 9:4	They did work wilily, and went and made as if they had been ambassadors, and took old sacks upon their asses, and wine bottles, old, and rent, and bound up;	
Jude 1:10	But these speak evil of those things which they know not: but what they know naturally, as brute beasts, in those things they corrupt themselves.	
Jude 1:11	Woe unto them! for they have gone in the way of Cain, and ran greedily after the error of Balaam for reward, and perished in the gainsaying of Core.	
Jude 1:12	These are spots in your feasts of charity, when they feast with you, feeding themselves without fear: clouds they are without water, carried about of winds; trees whose fruit withereth, without fruit, twice dead, plucked up by the roots;	
Jude 1:17	But, beloved, remember ye the words which were spoken before of the apostles of our Lord Jesus Christ;	
Jude 1:2	Mercy unto you, and peace, and love, be multiplied.	
Jude 1:24	Now unto him that is able to keep you from falling, and to present you faultless before the presence of his glory with exceeding joy,	
Jude 1:7	Even as Sodom and Gomorrha, and the cities about them in like manner, giving themselves over to fornication, and going after strange flesh, are set forth for an example, suffering the vengeance of eternal fire.	
Judges 10:11	And the LORD said unto the children of Israel, Did not I deliver you from the Egyptians, and from the Amorites, from the children of Ammon, and from the Philistines?	
Judges 10:12	The Zidonians also, and the Amalekites, and the Maonites, did oppress you; and ye cried to me, and I delivered you out of their hand.	
Judges 10:3	And after him arose Jair, a Gileadite, and judged Israel twenty and two years.	
Judges 10:8	And that year they vexed and oppressed the children of Israel: eighteen years, all the children of Israel that were on the other side Jordan in the land of the Amorites, which is in Gilead.	
Judges 11:10	And the elders of Gilead said unto Jephthah, The LORD be witness between us, if we do not so according to thy words.	
Judges 11:11	Then Jephthah went with the elders of Gilead, and the people made him head and captain over them: and Jephthah uttered all his words before the LORD in Mizpeh.	
Judges 11:12	And Jephthah sent messengers unto the king of the children of Ammon, saying, What hast thou to do with me, that thou art come against me to fight in my land?	
Judges 11:15	And said unto him, Thus saith Jephthah, Israel took not away the land of Moab, nor the land of the children of Ammon:	
Judges 11:19	And Israel sent messengers unto Sihon king of the Amorites, the king of Heshbon; and Israel said unto him, Let us pass, we pray thee, through thy land into my place.	
Judges 11:24	Wilt not thou possess that which Chemosh thy god giveth thee to possess? So whomsoever the LORD our God shall drive out from before us, them will we possess.	
Judges 11:27	Wherefore I have not sinned against thee, but thou doest me wrong to war against me: the LORD the Judge be judge this day between the children of Israel and the children of Ammon.	
Judges 11:29	Then the Spirit of the LORD came upon Jephthah, and he passed over Gilead, and Manasseh, and passed over Mizpeh of Gilead, and from Mizpeh of Gilead he passed over unto the children of Ammon.	
Judges 11:30	And Jephthah vowed a vow unto the LORD, and said, If thou shalt without fail deliver the children of Ammon into mine hands,	
Judges 11:31	Then it shall be, that whatsoever cometh forth of the doors of my house to meet me, when I return in peace from the children of Ammon, shall surely be the LORD's, and I will offer it up for a burnt offering.	
Judges 11:32	So Jephthah passed over unto the children of Ammon to fight against them; and the LORD delivered them into his hands.	
Judges 11:8	And the elders of Gilead said unto Jephthah, Therefore we turn again to thee now, that thou mayest go with us, and fight against the children of Ammon, and be our head over all the inhabitants of Gilead.	
Judges 11:9	And Jephthah said unto the elders of Gilead, If ye bring me home again to fight against the children of Ammon, and the LORD deliver them before me, shall I be your head?	
Judges 12:11	And after him Elon, a Zebulonite, judged Israel; and he judged Israel ten years.	
Judges 12:15	And Abdon the son of Hillel the Pirathonite died, and was buried in Pirathon in the land of Ephraim, in the mount of the Amalekites.	
Judges 12:2	And Jephthah said unto them, I and my people were at great strife with the children of Ammon; and when I called you, ye delivered me not out of their hands.	
Judges 12:7	And Jephthah judged Israel six years. Then died Jephthah the Gileadite, and was buried in one of the cities of Gilead.	
Judges 12:9	And he had thirty sons, and thirty daughters, whom he sent abroad, and took in thirty daughters from abroad for his sons. And he judged Israel seven years.	
Judges 13:1	And the children of Israel did evil again in the sight of the LORD; and the LORD delivered them into the hand of the Philistines forty years.	
Judges 13:10	And the woman made haste, and ran, and showed her husband, and said unto him, Behold, the man hath appeared unto me, that came unto me the other day.	
Judges 13:11	And Manoah arose, and went after his wife, and came to the man, and said unto him, Art thou the man that spakest unto the woman? And he said, I am.	
Judges 13:12	And Manoah said, Now let thy words come to pass. How shall we order the child, and how shall we do unto him?	
Judges 13:17	And Manoah said unto the angel of the LORD, What is thy name, that when thy sayings come to pass we may do thee honor?	
Judges 13:9	And God hearkened to the voice of Manoah; and the angel of God came again unto the woman as she sat in the field: but Manoah her husband was not with her.	
Judges 14:10	So his father went down unto the woman: and Samson made there a feast; for so used the young men to do.	
Judges 14:12	And Samson said unto them, I will now put forth a riddle unto you: if ye can certainly declare it me within the seven days of the feast, and find it out, then I will give you thirty sheets and thirty change of garments:	
Judges 14:13	But if ye cannot declare it me, then shall ye give me thirty sheets and thirty change of garments. And they said unto him, Put forth thy riddle, that we may hear it.	
Judges 14:16	And Samson's wife wept before him, and said, Thou dost but hate me, and lovest me not: thou hast put forth a riddle unto the children of my people, and hast not told it me. And he said unto her, Behold, I have not told it my father nor my mother, and shall I tell it thee?	
Judges 14:17	And she wept before him the seven days, while their feast lasted: and it came to pass on the seventh day, that he told her, because she lay sore upon him: and she told the riddle to the children of her people.	
Judges 14:2	And he came up, and told his father and his mother, and said, I have seen a woman in Timnath of the daughters of the Philistines: now therefore get her for me to wife.	
Judges 15:1	But it came to pass within a while after, in the time of wheat harvest, that Samson visited his wife with a kid; and he said, I will go in to my wife into the chamber. But her father would not suffer him to go in.	
Judges 15:15	And he found a new jawbone of an ass, and put forth his hand, and took it, and slew a thousand men therewith.	
Judges 15:3	And Samson said concerning them, Now shall I be more blameless than the Philistines, though I do them a displeasure.	
Judges 15:4	And Samson went and caught three hundred foxes, and took firebrands, and turned tail to tail, and put a firebrand in the midst between two tails.	
Judges 15:6	Then the Philistines said, Who hath done this? And they answered, Samson, the son in law of the Timnite, because he had taken his wife, and given her to his companion. And the Philistines came up, and burnt her and her father with fire.	
Judges 15:9	Then the Philistines went up, and pitched in Judah, and spread themselves in Lehi.	
Judges 16:14	And she fastened it with the pin, and said unto him, The Philistines be upon thee, Samson. And he awaked out of his sleep, and went away with the pin of the beam, and with the web.	
Judges 16:15	And she said unto him, How canst thou say, I love thee, when thine heart is not with me? thou hast mocked me these three times, and hast not told me wherein thy great strength lieth.	
Judges 16:18	And when Delilah saw that he had told her all his heart, she sent and called for the lords of the Philistines, saying, Come up this once, for he hath showed me all his heart. Then the lords of the Philistines came up unto her, and brought money in their hand.	
Judges 16:2	And it was told the Gazites, saying, Samson is come hither. And they compassed him in, and laid wait for him all night in the gate of the city, and were quiet all the night, saying, In the morning, when it is day, we shall kill him.	
Judges 16:23	Then the lords of the Philistines gathered them together for to offer a great sacrifice unto Dagon their god, and to rejoice: for they said, Our god hath delivered Samson our enemy into our hand.	
Judges 16:24	And when the people saw him, they praised their god: for they said, Our god hath delivered into our hands our enemy, and the destroyer of our country, which slew many of us.	
Judges 16:25	And it came to pass, when their hearts were merry, that they said, Call for Samson, that he may make us sport. And they called for Samson out of the prison house; and he made them sport: and they set him between the pillars.	
Judges 16:27	Now the house was full of men and women; and all the lords of the Philistines were there; and there were upon the roof about three thousand men and women, that beheld while Samson made sport.	
Judges 16:29	And Samson took hold of the two middle pillars upon which the house stood, and on which it was borne up, of the one with his right hand, and of the other with his left.	
Judges 16:30	And Samson said, Let me die with the Philistines. And he bowed himself with all his might; and the house fell upon the lords, and upon all the people that were therein. So the dead which he slew at his death were more than they which he slew in his life.	
Judges 16:31	Then his brethren and all the house of his father came down, and took him, and brought him up, and buried him between Zorah and Eshtaol in the buryingplace of Manoah his father. And he judged Israel twenty years.	
Judges 17:7	And there was a young man out of Bethlehemjudah of the family of Judah, who was a Levite, and he sojourned there.	
Judges 18:1	In those days there was no king in Israel: and in those days the tribe of the Danites sought them an inheritance to dwell in; for unto that day all their inheritance had not fallen unto them among the tribes of Israel.	
Judges 18:11	And there went from thence of the family of the Danites, out of Zorah and out of Eshtaol, six hundred men appointed with weapons of war.	
Judges 18:12	And they went up, and pitched in Kirjathjearim, in Judah: wherefore they called that place Mahanehdan unto this day: behold, it is behind Kirjathjearim.	
Judges 18:14	Then answered the five men that went to spy out the country of Laish, and said unto their brethren, Do ye know that there is in these houses an ephod, and teraphim, and a graven image, and a molten image? now therefore consider what ye have to do.	
Judges 18:15	And they turned thitherward, and came to the house of the young man the Levite, even unto the house of Micah, and saluted him.	
Judges 18:19	And they said unto him, Hold thy peace, lay thine hand upon thy mouth, and go with us, and be to us a father and a priest: is it better for thee to be a priest unto the house of one man, or that thou be a priest unto a tribe and a family in Israel?	
Judges 18:21	So they turned and departed, and put the little ones and the cattle and the carriage before them.	
Judges 18:23	And they cried unto the children of Dan. And they turned their faces, and said unto Micah, What aileth thee, that thou comest with such a company?	
Judges 18:26	And the children of Dan went their way: and when Micah saw that they were too strong for him, he turned and went back unto his house.	
Judges 18:5	And they said unto him, Ask counsel, we pray thee, of God, that we may know whether our way which we go shall be prosperous.	
Judges 18:7	Then the five men departed, and came to Laish, and saw the people that were therein, how they dwelt careless, after the manner of the Zidonians, quiet and secure; and there was no magistrate in the land, that might put them to shame in any thing; and they were far from the Zidonians, and had no business with any man.	
Judges 19:11	And when they were by Jebus, the day was far spent; and the servant said unto his master, Come, I pray thee, and let us turn in into this city of the Jebusites, and lodge in it.	
Judges 19:16	And, behold, there came an old man from his work out of the field at even, which was also of mount Ephraim; and he sojourned in Gibeah: but the men of the place were Benjamites.	
Judges 19:23	And the man, the master of the house, went out unto them, and said unto them, Nay, my brethren, nay, I pray you, do not so wickedly; seeing that this man is come into mine house, do not this folly.	
Judges 19:25	But the men would not hearken to him: so the man took his concubine, and brought her forth unto them; and they knew her, and abused her all the night until the morning: and when the day began to spring, they let her go.	
Judges 19:29	And when he was come into his house, he took a knife, and laid hold on his concubine, and divided her, together with her bones, into twelve pieces, and sent her into all the coasts of Israel.	
Judges 19:3	And her husband arose, and went after her, to speak friendly unto her, and to bring her again, having his servant with him, and a couple of asses: and she brought him into her father's house: and when the father of the damsel saw him, he rejoiced to meet him.	
Judges 19:4	And his father in law, the damsel's father, retained him; and he abode with him three days: so they did eat and drink, and lodged there.	
Judges 19:8	And he arose early in the morning on the fifth day to depart; and the damsel's father said, Comfort thine heart, I pray thee. And they tarried until afternoon, and they did eat both of them.	
Judges 1:2	And the LORD said, Judah shall go up: behold, I have delivered the land into his hand.	
Judges 1:20	And they gave Hebron unto Caleb, as Moses said: and he expelled thence the three sons of Anak.	
Judges 1:23	And the house of Joseph sent to descry Bethel. (Now the name of the city before was Luz.)	
Judges 1:30	Neither did Zebulun drive out the inhabitants of Kitron, nor the inhabitants of Nahalol; but the Canaanites dwelt among them, and became tributaries.	
Judges 1:32	But the Asherites dwelt among the Canaanites, the inhabitants of the land: for they did not drive them out.	
Judges 1:6	But Adonibezek fled; and they pursued after him, and caught him, and cut off his thumbs and his great toes.	
Judges 1:8	Now the children of Judah had fought against Jerusalem, and had taken it, and smitten it with the edge of the sword, and set the city on fire.	
Judges 20:17	And the men of Israel, beside Benjamin, were numbered four hundred thousand men that drew sword: all these were men of war.	
Judges 20:2	And the chief of all the people, even of all the tribes of Israel, presented themselves in the assembly of the people of God, four hundred thousand footmen that drew sword.	
Judges 20:3	(Now the children of Benjamin heard that the children of Israel were gone up to Mizpeh.) Then said the children of Israel, Tell us, how was this wickedness?	
Judges 20:35	And the LORD smote Benjamin before Israel: and the children of Israel destroyed of the Benjamites that day twenty and five thousand and an hundred men: all these drew the sword.	
Judges 20:37	And the liers in wait hasted, and rushed upon Gibeah; and the liers in wait drew themselves along, and smote all the city with the edge of the sword.	
Judges 20:39	And when the men of Israel retired in the battle, Benjamin began to smite and kill of the men of Israel about thirty persons: for they said, Surely they are smitten down before us, as in the first battle.	
Judges 20:42	Therefore they turned their backs before the men of Israel unto the way of the wilderness; but the battle overtook them; and them which came out of the cities they destroyed in the midst of them.	
Judges 20:47	But six hundred men turned and fled to the wilderness unto the rock Rimmon, and abode in the rock Rimmon four months.	
Judges 20:5	And the men of Gibeah rose against me, and beset the house round about upon me by night, and thought to have slain me: and my concubine have they forced, that she is dead.	
Judges 20:8	And all the people arose as one man, saying, We will not any of us go to his tent, neither will we any of us turn into his house.	
Judges 20:9	But now this shall be the thing which we will do to Gibeah; we will go up by lot against it;	
Judges 21:1	Now the men of Israel had sworn in Mizpeh, saying, There shall not any of us give his daughter unto Benjamin to wife.	
Judges 21:10	And the congregation sent thither twelve thousand men of the valiantest, and commanded them, saying, Go and smite the inhabitants of Jabeshgilead with the edge of the sword, with the women and the children.	
Judges 21:14	And Benjamin came again at that time; and they gave them wives which they had saved alive of the women of Jabeshgilead: and yet so they sufficed them not.	
Judges 21:22	And it shall be, when their fathers or their brethren come unto us to complain, that we will say unto them, Be favorable unto them for our sakes: because we reserved not to each man his wife in the war: for ye did not give unto them at this time, that ye should be guilty.	
Judges 21:24	And the children of Israel departed thence at that time, every man to his tribe and to his family, and they went out from thence every man to his inheritance.	
Judges 21:5	And the children of Israel said, Who is there among all the tribes of Israel that came not up with the congregation unto the LORD? For they had made a great oath concerning him that came not up to the LORD to Mizpeh, saying, He shall surely be put to death.	
Judges 2:14	And the anger of the LORD was hot against Israel, and he delivered them into the hands of spoilers that spoiled them, and he sold them into the hands of their enemies round about, so that they could not any longer stand before their enemies.	
Judges 2:19	And it came to pass, when the judge was dead, that they returned, and corrupted themselves more than their fathers, in following other gods to serve them, and to bow down unto them; they ceased not from their own doings, nor from their stubborn way.	
Judges 2:2	And ye shall make no league with the inhabitants of this land; ye shall throw down their altars: but ye have not obeyed my voice: why have ye done this?	
Judges 2:20	And the anger of the LORD was hot against Israel; and he said, Because that this people hath transgressed my covenant which I commanded their fathers, and have not hearkened unto my voice;	
Judges 2:4	And it came to pass, when the angel of the LORD spake these words unto all the children of Israel, that the people lifted up their voice, and wept.	
Judges 2:5	And they called the name of that place Bochim: and they sacrificed there unto the LORD.	
Judges 2:9	And they buried him in the border of his inheritance in Timnathheres, in the mount of Ephraim, on the north side of the hill Gaash.	
Judges 3:1	Now these are the nations which the LORD left, to prove Israel by them, even as many of Israel as had not known all the wars of Canaan;	
Judges 3:10	And the Spirit of the LORD came upon him, and he judged Israel, and went out to war: and the LORD delivered Chushanrishathaim king of Mesopotamia into his hand; and his hand prevailed against Chushanrishathaim.	
Judges 3:11	And the land had rest forty years. And Othniel the son of Kenaz died.	
Judges 3:12	And the children of Israel did evil again in the sight of the LORD: and the LORD strengthened Eglon the king of Moab against Israel, because they had done evil in the sight of the LORD.	
Judges 3:14	So the children of Israel served Eglon the king of Moab eighteen years.	
Judges 3:22	And the haft also went in after the blade; and the fat closed upon the blade, so that he could not draw the dagger out of his belly; and the dirt came out.	
Judges 3:3	Namely, five lords of the Philistines, and all the Canaanites, and the Sidonians, and the Hivites that dwelt in mount Lebanon, from mount Baalhermon unto the entering in of Hamath.	
Judges 3:31	And after him was Shamgar the son of Anath, which slew of the Philistines six hundred men with an ox goad: and he also delivered Israel.	
Judges 3:6	And they took their daughters to be their wives, and gave their daughters to their sons, and served their gods.	
Judges 4:11	Now Heber the Kenite, which was of the children of Hobab the father in law of Moses, had severed himself from the Kenites, and pitched his tent unto the plain of Zaanaim, which is by Kedesh.	
Judges 4:14	And Deborah said unto Barak, Up; for this is the day in which the LORD hath delivered Sisera into thine hand: is not the LORD gone out before thee? So Barak went down from mount Tabor, and ten thousand men after him.	
Judges 4:17	Howbeit Sisera fled away on his feet to the tent of Jael the wife of Heber the Kenite: for there was peace between Jabin the king of Hazor and the house of Heber the Kenite.	
Judges 4:2	And the LORD sold them into the hand of Jabin king of Canaan, that reigned in Hazor; the captain of whose host was Sisera, which dwelt in Harosheth of the Gentiles.	
Judges 4:23	So God subdued on that day Jabin the king of Canaan before the children of Israel.	
Judges 4:3	And the children of Israel cried unto the LORD: for he had nine hundred chariots of iron; and twenty years he mightily oppressed the children of Israel.	
Judges 5:15	And the princes of Issachar were with Deborah; even Issachar, and also Barak: he was sent on foot into the valley. For the divisions of Reuben there were great thoughts of heart.	
Judges 5:16	Why abodest thou among the sheepfolds, to hear the bleatings of the flocks? For the divisions of Reuben there were great searchings of heart.	
Judges 5:19	The kings came and fought, then fought the kings of Canaan in Taanach by the waters of Megiddo; they took no gain of money.	
Judges 5:20	They fought from heaven; the stars in their courses fought against Sisera.	
Judges 5:21	The river of Kishon swept them away, that ancient river, the river Kishon. O my soul, thou hast trodden down strength.	
Judges 5:22	Then were the horsehoofs broken by the means of the pransings, the pransings of their mighty ones.	
Judges 5:27	At her feet he bowed, he fell, he lay down: at her feet he bowed, he fell: where he bowed, there he fell down dead.	
Judges 5:28	The mother of Sisera looked out at a window, and cried through the lattice, Why is his chariot so long in coming? why tarry the wheels of his chariots?	
Judges 5:30	Have they not sped? have they not divided the prey; to every man a damsel or two; to Sisera a prey of divers colors, a prey of divers colors of needlework, of divers colors of needlework on both sides, meet for the necks of them that take the spoil?	
Judges 5:31	So let all thine enemies perish, O LORD: but let them that love him be as the sun when he goeth forth in his might. And the land had rest forty years.	
Judges 5:4	LORD, when thou wentest out of Seir, when thou marchedst out of the field of Edom, the earth trembled, and the heavens dropped, the clouds also dropped water.	
Judges 5:5	The mountains melted from before the LORD, even that Sinai from before the LORD God of Israel.	
Judges 5:9	My heart is toward the governors of Israel, that offered themselves willingly among the people. Bless ye the LORD.	
Judges 6:16	And the LORD said unto him, Surely I will be with thee, and thou shalt smite the Midianites as one man.	
Judges 6:22	And when Gideon perceived that he was an angel of the LORD, Gideon said, Alas, O LORD God! for because I have seen an angel of the LORD face to face.	
Judges 6:25	And it came to pass the same night, that the LORD said unto him, Take thy father's young bullock, even the second bullock of seven years old, and throw down the altar of Baal that thy father hath, and cut down the grove that is by it:	
Judges 6:27	Then Gideon took ten men of his servants, and did as the LORD had said unto him: and so it was, because he feared his father's household, and the men of the city, that he could not do it by day, that he did it by night.	
Judges 6:31	And Joash said unto all that stood against him, Will ye plead for Baal? will ye save him? he that will plead for him, let him be put to death whilst it is yet morning: if he be a god, let him plead for himself, because one hath cast down his altar.	
Judges 6:32	Therefore on that day he called him Jerubbaal, saying, Let Baal plead against him, because he hath thrown down his altar.	
Judges 6:6	And Israel was greatly impoverished because of the Midianites; and the children of Israel cried unto the LORD.	
Judges 6:7	And it came to pass, when the children of Israel cried unto the LORD because of the Midianites,	
Judges 6:8	That the LORD sent a prophet unto the children of Israel, which said unto them, Thus saith the LORD God of Israel, I brought you up from Egypt, and brought you forth out of the house of bondage;	
Judges 6:9	And I delivered you out of the hand of the Egyptians, and out of the hand of all that oppressed you, and drave them out from before you, and gave you their land;	
Judges 7:12	And the Midianites and the Amalekites and all the children of the east lay along in the valley like grasshoppers for multitude; and their camels were without number, as the sand by the sea side for multitude.	
Judges 7:14	And his fellow answered and said, This is nothing else save the sword of Gideon the son of Joash, a man of Israel: for into his hand hath God delivered Midian, and all the host.	
Judges 7:18	When I blow with a trumpet, I and all that are with me, then blow ye the trumpets also on every side of all the camp, and say, The sword of the LORD, and of Gideon.	
Judges 7:20	And the three companies blew the trumpets, and brake the pitchers, and held the lamps in their left hands, and the trumpets in their right hands to blow withal: and they cried, The sword of the LORD, and of Gideon.	
Judges 7:23	And the men of Israel gathered themselves together out of Naphtali, and out of Asher, and out of all Manasseh, and pursued after the Midianites.	
Judges 7:6	And the number of them that lapped, putting their hand to their mouth, were three hundred men: but all the rest of the people bowed down upon their knees to drink water.	
Judges 8:1	And the men of Ephraim said unto him, Why hast thou served us thus, that thou calledst us not, when thou wentest to fight with the Midianites? And they did chide with him sharply.	
Judges 8:11	And Gideon went up by the way of them that dwelt in tents on the east of Nobah and Jogbehah, and smote the host; for the host was secure.	
Judges 8:12	And when Zebah and Zalmunna fled, he pursued after them, and took the two kings of Midian, Zebah and Zalmunna, and discomfited all the host.	
Judges 8:14	And caught a young man of the men of Succoth, and inquired of him: and he described unto him the princes of Succoth, and the elders thereof, even threescore and seventeen men.	
Judges 8:26	And the weight of the golden earrings that he requested was a thousand and seven hundred shekels of gold; beside ornaments, and collars, and purple raiment that was on the kings of Midian, and beside the chains that were about their camels' necks.	
Judges 9:13	And the vine said unto them, Should I leave my wine, which cheereth God and man, and go to be promoted over the trees?	
Judges 9:19	If ye then have dealt truly and sincerely with Jerubbaal and with his house this day, then rejoice ye in Abimelech, and let him also rejoice in you:	
Judges 9:21	And Jotham ran away, and fled, and went to Beer, and dwelt there, for fear of Abimelech his brother.	
Judges 9:22	When Abimelech had reigned three years over Israel,	
Judges 9:23	Then God sent an evil spirit between Abimelech and the men of Shechem; and the men of Shechem dealt treacherously with Abimelech:	
Judges 9:26	And Gaal the son of Ebed came with his brethren, and went over to Shechem: and the men of Shechem put their confidence in him.	
Judges 9:31	And he sent messengers unto Abimelech privily, saying, Behold, Gaal the son of Ebed and his brethren be come to Shechem; and, behold, they fortify the city against thee.	
Judges 9:37	And Gaal spake again, and said, See there come people down by the middle of the land, and another company come along by the plain of Meonenim.	
Judges 9:38	Then said Zebul unto him, Where is now thy mouth, wherewith thou saidst, Who is Abimelech, that we should serve him? is not this the people that thou hast despised? go out, I pray now, and fight with them.	
Judges 9:42	And it came to pass on the morrow, that the people went out into the field; and they told Abimelech.	
Judges 9:43	And he took the people, and divided them into three companies, and laid wait in the field, and looked, and, behold, the people were come forth out of the city; and he rose up against them, and smote them.	
Judges 9:49	And all the people likewise cut down every man his bough, and followed Abimelech, and put them to the hold, and set the hold on fire upon them; so that all the men of the tower of Shechem died also, about a thousand men and women.	
Judges 9:50	Then went Abimelech to Thebez, and encamped against Thebez, and took it.	
Judges 9:51	But there was a strong tower within the city, and thither fled all the men and women, and all they of the city, and shut it to them, and gat them up to the top of the tower.	
Judges 9:56	Thus God rendered the wickedness of Abimelech, which he did unto his father, in slaying his seventy brethren:	
Judges 9:57	And all the evil of the men of Shechem did God render upon their heads: and upon them came the curse of Jotham the son of Jerubbaal.	
Lamentations 1:1	How doth the city sit solitary, that was full of people! how is she become as a widow! she that was great among the nations, and princess among the provinces, how is she become tributary!	
Lamentations 1:12	Is it nothing to you, all ye that pass by? behold, and see if there be any sorrow like unto my sorrow, which is done unto me, wherewith the LORD hath afflicted me in the day of his fierce anger.	
Lamentations 1:15	The LORD hath trodden under foot all my mighty men in the midst of me: he hath called an assembly against me to crush my young men: the LORD hath trodden the virgin, the daughter of Judah, as in a winepress.	
Lamentations 1:17	Zion spreadeth forth her hands, and there is none to comfort her: the LORD hath commanded concerning Jacob, that his adversaries should be round about him: Jerusalem is as a menstruous woman among them.	
Lamentations 1:21	They have heard that I sigh: there is none to comfort me: all mine enemies have heard of my trouble; they are glad that thou hast done it: thou wilt bring the day that thou hast called, and they shall be like unto me.	
Lamentations 1:22	Let all their wickedness come before thee; and do unto them, as thou hast done unto me for all my transgressions: for my sighs are many, and my heart is faint.	
Lamentations 1:7	Jerusalem remembered in the days of her affliction and of her miseries all her pleasant things that she had in the days of old, when her people fell into the hand of the enemy, and none did help her: the adversaries saw her, and did mock at her sabbaths.	
Lamentations 1:9	Her filthiness is in her skirts; she remembereth not her last end; therefore she came down wonderfully: she had no comforter. O LORD, behold my affliction: for the enemy hath magnified himself.	
Lamentations 2:11	Mine eyes do fail with tears, my bowels are troubled, my liver is poured upon the earth, for the destruction of the daughter of my people; because the children and the sucklings swoon in the streets of the city.	
Lamentations 2:13	What thing shall I take to witness for thee? what thing shall I liken to thee, O daughter of Jerusalem? what shall I equal to thee, that I may comfort thee, O virgin daughter of Zion? for thy breach is great like the sea: who can heal thee?	
Lamentations 2:2	The LORD hath swallowed up all the habitations of Jacob, and hath not pitied: he hath thrown down in his wrath the strong holds of the daughter of Judah; he hath brought them down to the ground: he hath polluted the kingdom and the princes thereof.	
Lamentations 2:21	The young and the old lie on the ground in the streets: my virgins and my young men are fallen by the sword; thou hast slain them in the day of thine anger; thou hast killed, and not pitied.	
Lamentations 2:5	The LORD was as an enemy: he hath swallowed up Israel, he hath swallowed up all her palaces: he hath destroyed his strong holds, and hath increased in the daughter of Judah mourning and lamentation.	
Lamentations 2:6	And he hath violently taken away his tabernacle, as if it were of a garden: he hath destroyed his places of the assembly: the LORD hath caused the solemn feasts and sabbaths to be forgotten in Zion, and hath despised in the indignation of his anger the king and the priest.	
Lamentations 2:7	The LORD hath cast off his altar, he hath abhorred his sanctuary, he hath given up into the hand of the enemy the walls of her palaces; they have made a noise in the house of the LORD, as in the day of a solemn feast.	
Lamentations 2:9	Her gates are sunk into the ground; he hath destroyed and broken her bars: her king and her princes are among the Gentiles: the law is no more; her prophets also find no vision from the LORD.	
Lamentations 3:10	He was unto me as a bear lying in wait, and as a lion in secret places.	
Lamentations 3:18	And I said, My strength and my hope is perished from the LORD:	
Lamentations 3:27	It is good for a man that he bear the yoke of his youth.	
Lamentations 3:29	He putteth his mouth in the dust; if so be there may be hope.	
Lamentations 3:33	For he doth not afflict willingly nor grieve the children of men.	
Lamentations 3:34	To crush under his feet all the prisoners of the earth.	
Lamentations 3:43	Thou hast covered with anger, and persecuted us: thou hast slain, thou hast not pitied.	
Lamentations 3:55	I called upon thy name, O LORD, out of the low dungeon.	
Lamentations 3:57	Thou drewest near in the day that I called upon thee: thou saidst, Fear not.	
Lamentations 4:1	How is the gold become dim! how is the most fine gold changed! the stones of the sanctuary are poured out in the top of every street.	
Lamentations 4:12	The kings of the earth, and all the inhabitants of the world, would not have believed that the adversary and the enemy should have entered into the gates of Jerusalem.	
Lamentations 4:13	For the sins of her prophets, and the iniquities of her priests, that have shed the blood of the just in the midst of her,	
Lamentations 4:15	They cried unto them, Depart ye; it is unclean; depart, depart, touch not: when they fled away and wandered, they said among the heathen, They shall no more sojourn there.	
Lamentations 4:21	Rejoice and be glad, O daughter of Edom, that dwellest in the land of Uz; the cup also shall pass through unto thee: thou shalt be drunken, and shalt make thyself naked.	
Lamentations 4:22	The punishment of thine iniquity is accomplished, O daughter of Zion; he will no more carry thee away into captivity: he will visit thine iniquity, O daughter of Edom; he will discover thy sins.	
Lamentations 4:7	Her Nazarites were purer than snow, they were whiter than milk, they were more ruddy in body than rubies, their polishing was of sapphire:	
Lamentations 5:1	Remember, O LORD, what is come upon us: consider, and behold our reproach.	
Lamentations 5:12	Princes are hanged up by their hand: the faces of elders were not honoured.	
Lamentations 5:2	Our inheritance is turned to strangers, our houses to aliens.	
Leviticus 10:11	And that ye may teach the children of Israel all the statutes which the LORD hath spoken unto them by the hand of Moses.	
Leviticus 10:18	Behold, the blood of it was not brought in within the holy place: ye should indeed have eaten it in the holy place, as I commanded.	
Leviticus 10:4	And Moses called Mishael and Elzaphan, the sons of Uzziel the uncle of Aaron, and said unto them, Come near, carry your brethren from before the sanctuary out of the camp.	
Leviticus 10:6	And Moses said unto Aaron, and unto Eleazar and unto Ithamar, his sons, Uncover not your heads, neither rend your clothes; lest ye die, and lest wrath come upon all the people: but let your brethren, the whole house of Israel, bewail the burning which the LORD hath kindled.	
Leviticus 11:12	Whatsoever hath no fins nor scales in the waters, that shall be an abomination unto you.	
Leviticus 11:14	And the vulture, and the kite after his kind;	
Leviticus 11:15	Every raven after his kind;	
Leviticus 11:17	And the little owl, and the cormorant, and the great owl,	
Leviticus 11:2	Speak unto the children of Israel, saying, These are the beasts which ye shall eat among all the beasts that are on the earth.	
Leviticus 11:36	Nevertheless a fountain or pit, wherein there is plenty of water, shall be clean: but that which toucheth their carcass shall be unclean.	
Leviticus 11:41	And every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth shall be an abomination; it shall not be eaten.	
Leviticus 11:8	Of their flesh shall ye not eat, and their carcass shall ye not touch; they are unclean to you.	
Leviticus 12:6	And when the days of her purifying are fulfilled, for a son, or for a daughter, she shall bring a lamb of the first year for a burnt offering, and a young pigeon, or a turtledove, for a sin offering, unto the door of the tabernacle of the congregation, unto the priest:	
Leviticus 12:8	And if she be not able to bring a lamb, then she shall bring two turtles, or two young pigeons; the one for the burnt offering, and the other for a sin offering: and the priest shall make an atonement for her, and she shall be clean.	
Leviticus 13:1	And the LORD spake unto Moses and Aaron, saying,	
Leviticus 13:12	And if a leprosy break out abroad in the skin, and the leprosy cover all the skin of him that hath the plague from his head even to his foot, wheresoever the priest looketh;	
Leviticus 13:16	Or if the raw flesh turn again, and be changed unto white, he shall come unto the priest;	
Leviticus 13:17	And the priest shall see him: and, behold, if the plague be turned into white; then the priest shall pronounce him clean that hath the plague: he is clean.	
Leviticus 13:25	Then the priest shall look upon it: and, behold, if the hair in the bright spot be turned white, and it be in sight deeper than the skin; it is a leprosy broken out of the burning: wherefore the priest shall pronounce him unclean: it is the plague of leprosy.	
Leviticus 13:26	But if the priest look on it, and, behold, there be no white hair in the bright spot, and it be no lower than the other skin, but be somewhat dark; then the priest shall shut him up seven days:	
Leviticus 13:38	If a man also or a woman have in the skin of their flesh bright spots, even white bright spots;	
Leviticus 13:39	Then the priest shall look: and, behold, if the bright spots in the skin of their flesh be darkish white; it is a freckled spot that groweth in the skin; he is clean.	
Leviticus 13:40	And the man whose hair is fallen off his head, he is bald; yet is he clean.	
Leviticus 13:46	All the days wherein the plague shall be in him he shall be defiled; he is unclean: he shall dwell alone; without the camp shall his habitation be.	
Leviticus 13:48	Whether it be in the warp, or woof; of linen, or of woolen; whether in a skin, or in any thing made of skin;	
Leviticus 13:51	And he shall look on the plague on the seventh day: if the plague be spread in the garment, either in the warp, or in the woof, or in a skin, or in any work that is made of skin; the plague is a fretting leprosy; it is unclean.	
Leviticus 13:53	And if the priest shall look, and, behold, the plague be not spread in the garment, either in the warp, or in the woof, or in any thing of skin;	
Leviticus 13:55	And the priest shall look on the plague, after that it is washed: and, behold, if the plague have not changed his color, and the plague be not spread; it is unclean; thou shalt burn it in the fire; it is fret inward, whether it be bare within or without.	
Leviticus 13:6	And the priest shall look on him again the seventh day: and, behold, if the plague be somewhat dark, and the plague spread not in the skin, the priest shall pronounce him clean: it is but a scab: and he shall wash his clothes, and be clean.	
Leviticus 14:10	And on the eighth day he shall take two he lambs without blemish, and one ewe lamb of the first year without blemish, and three tenth deals of fine flour for a meat offering, mingled with oil, and one log of oil.	
Leviticus 14:11	And the priest that maketh him clean shall present the man that is to be made clean, and those things, before the LORD, at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation:	
Leviticus 14:18	And the remnant of the oil that is in the priest's hand he shall pour upon the head of him that is to be cleansed: and the priest shall make an atonement for him before the LORD.	
Leviticus 14:20	And the priest shall offer the burnt offering and the meat offering upon the altar: and the priest shall make an atonement for him, and he shall be clean.	
Leviticus 14:24	And the priest shall take the lamb of the trespass offering, and the log of oil, and the priest shall wave them for a wave offering before the LORD:	
Leviticus 14:26	And the priest shall pour of the oil into the palm of his own left hand:	
Leviticus 14:28	And the priest shall put of the oil that is in his hand upon the tip of the right ear of him that is to be cleansed, and upon the thumb of his right hand, and upon the great toe of his right foot, upon the place of the blood of the trespass offering:	
Leviticus 14:32	This is the law of him in whom is the plague of leprosy, whose hand is not able to get that which pertaineth to his cleansing.	
Leviticus 14:33	And the LORD spake unto Moses and unto Aaron, saying,	
Leviticus 14:4	Then shall the priest command to take for him that is to be cleansed two birds alive and clean, and cedar wood, and scarlet, and hyssop:	
Leviticus 14:42	And they shall take other stones, and put them in the place of those stones; and he shall take other mortar, and shall plaster the house.	
Leviticus 14:46	Moreover he that goeth into the house all the while that it is shut up shall be unclean until the even.	
Leviticus 14:48	And if the priest shall come in, and look upon it, and, behold, the plague hath not spread in the house, after the house was plastered: then the priest shall pronounce the house clean, because the plague is healed.	
Leviticus 14:5	And the priest shall command that one of the birds be killed in an earthen vessel over running water:	
Leviticus 14:50	And he shall kill the one of the birds in an earthen vessel over running water:	
Leviticus 14:52	And he shall cleanse the house with the blood of the bird, and with the running water, and with the living bird, and with the cedar wood, and with the hyssop, and with the scarlet:	
Leviticus 14:56	And for a rising, and for a scab, and for a bright spot:	
Leviticus 15:10	And whosoever toucheth any thing that was under him shall be unclean until the even: and he that beareth any of those things shall wash his clothes, and bathe himself in water, and be unclean until the even.	
Leviticus 15:13	And when he that hath an issue is cleansed of his issue; then he shall number to himself seven days for his cleansing, and wash his clothes, and bathe his flesh in running water, and shall be clean.	
Leviticus 15:16	And if any man's seed of copulation go out from him, then he shall wash all his flesh in water, and be unclean until the even.	
Leviticus 15:23	And if it be on her bed, or on any thing whereon she sitteth, when he toucheth it, he shall be unclean until the even.	
Leviticus 15:29	And on the eighth day she shall take unto her two turtles, or two young pigeons, and bring them unto the priest, to the door of the tabernacle of the congregation.	
Leviticus 15:32	This is the law of him that hath an issue, and of him whose seed goeth from him, and is defiled therewith;	
Leviticus 15:33	And of her that is sick of her flowers, and of him that hath an issue, of the man, and of the woman, and of him that lieth with her that is unclean.	
Leviticus 15:5	And whosoever toucheth his bed shall wash his clothes, and bathe himself in water, and be unclean until the even.	
Leviticus 16:15	Then shall he kill the goat of the sin offering, that is for the people, and bring his blood within the vail, and do with that blood as he did with the blood of the bullock, and sprinkle it upon the mercy seat, and before the mercy seat:	
Leviticus 16:17	And there shall be no man in the tabernacle of the congregation when he goeth in to make an atonement in the holy place, until he come out, and have made an atonement for himself, and for his household, and for all the congregation of Israel.	
Leviticus 16:19	And he shall sprinkle of the blood upon it with his finger seven times, and cleanse it, and hallow it from the uncleanness of the children of Israel.	
Leviticus 16:2	And the LORD said unto Moses, Speak unto Aaron thy brother, that he come not at all times into the holy place within the vail before the mercy seat, which is upon the ark; that he die not: for I will appear in the cloud upon the mercy seat.	
Leviticus 16:21	And Aaron shall lay both his hands upon the head of the live goat, and confess over him all the iniquities of the children of Israel, and all their transgressions in all their sins, putting them upon the head of the goat, and shall send him away by the hand of a fit man into the wilderness:	
Leviticus 16:23	And Aaron shall come into the tabernacle of the congregation, and shall put off the linen garments, which he put on when he went into the holy place, and shall leave them there:	
Leviticus 16:25	And the fat of the sin offering shall he burn upon the altar.	
Leviticus 16:27	And the bullock for the sin offering, and the goat for the sin offering, whose blood was brought in to make atonement in the holy place, shall one carry forth without the camp; and they shall burn in the fire their skins, and their flesh, and their dung.	
Leviticus 16:5	And he shall take of the congregation of the children of Israel two kids of the goats for a sin offering, and one ram for a burnt offering.	
Leviticus 16:7	And he shall take the two goats, and present them before the LORD at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation.	
Leviticus 16:8	And Aaron shall cast lots upon the two goats; one lot for the LORD, and the other lot for the scapegoat.	
Leviticus 16:9	And Aaron shall bring the goat upon which the LORD's lot fell, and offer him for a sin offering.	
Leviticus 17:1	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,	
Leviticus 17:15	And every soul that eateth that which died of itself, or that which was torn with beasts, whether it be one of your own country, or a stranger, he shall both wash his clothes, and bathe himself in water, and be unclean until the even: then shall he be clean.	
Leviticus 17:16	But if he wash them not, nor bathe his flesh; then he shall bear his iniquity.	
Leviticus 17:8	And thou shalt say unto them, Whatsoever man there be of the house of Israel, or of the strangers which sojourn among you, that offereth a burnt offering or sacrifice,	
Leviticus 18:13	Thou shalt not uncover the nakedness of thy mother's sister: for she is thy mother's near kinswoman.	
Leviticus 18:23	Neither shalt thou lie with any beast to defile thyself therewith: neither shall any woman stand before a beast to lie down thereto: it is confusion.	
Leviticus 18:3	After the doings of the land of Egypt, wherein ye dwelt, shall ye not do: and after the doings of the land of Canaan, whither I bring you, shall ye not do: neither shall ye walk in their ordinances.	
Leviticus 18:30	Therefore shall ye keep mine ordinance, that ye commit not any one of these abominable customs, which were committed before you, and that ye defile not yourselves therein: I am the LORD your God.	
Leviticus 18:7	The nakedness of thy father, or the nakedness of thy mother, shalt thou not uncover: she is thy mother; thou shalt not uncover her nakedness.	
Leviticus 18:8	The nakedness of thy father's wife shalt thou not uncover: it is thy father's nakedness.	
Leviticus 19:10	And thou shalt not glean thy vineyard, neither shalt thou gather every grape of thy vineyard; thou shalt leave them for the poor and stranger: I am the LORD your God.	
Leviticus 19:12	And ye shall not swear by my name falsely, neither shalt thou profane the name of thy God: I am the LORD.	
Leviticus 19:15	Ye shall do no unrighteousness in judgment: thou shalt not respect the person of the poor, nor honor the person of the mighty: but in righteousness shalt thou judge thy neighbor.	
Leviticus 19:17	Thou shalt not hate thy brother in thine heart: thou shalt in any wise rebuke thy neighbor, and not suffer sin upon him.	
Leviticus 19:2	Speak unto all the congregation of the children of Israel, and say unto them, Ye shall be holy: for I the LORD your God am holy.	
Leviticus 19:21	And he shall bring his trespass offering unto the LORD, unto the door of the tabernacle of the congregation, even a ram for a trespass offering.	
Leviticus 19:24	But in the fourth year all the fruit thereof shall be holy to praise the LORD withal.	
Leviticus 19:25	And in the fifth year shall ye eat of the fruit thereof, that it may yield unto you the increase thereof: I am the LORD your God.	
Leviticus 19:26	Ye shall not eat any thing with the blood: neither shall ye use enchantment, nor observe times.	
Leviticus 19:27	Ye shall not round the corners of your heads, neither shalt thou mar the corners of thy beard.	
Leviticus 19:29	Do not prostitute thy daughter, to cause her to be a whore; lest the land fall to whoredom, and the land become full of wickedness.	
Leviticus 19:35	Ye shall do no unrighteousness in judgment, in meteyard, in weight, or in measure.	
Leviticus 19:4	Turn ye not unto idols, nor make to yourselves molten gods: I am the LORD your God.	
Leviticus 19:6	It shall be eaten the same day ye offer it, and on the morrow: and if ought remain until the third day, it shall be burnt in the fire.	
Leviticus 19:9	And when ye reap the harvest of your land, thou shalt not wholly reap the corners of thy field, neither shalt thou gather the gleanings of thy harvest.	
Leviticus 1:10	And if his offering be of the flocks, namely, of the sheep, or of the goats, for a burnt sacrifice; he shall bring it a male without blemish.	
Leviticus 1:16	And he shall pluck away his crop with his feathers, and cast it beside the altar on the east part, by the place of the ashes:	
Leviticus 1:17	And he shall cleave it with the wings thereof, but shall not divide it asunder: and the priest shall burn it upon the altar, upon the wood that is upon the fire: it is a burnt sacrifice, an offering made by fire, of a sweet savor unto the LORD.	
Leviticus 1:4	And he shall put his hand upon the head of the burnt offering; and it shall be accepted for him to make atonement for him.	
Leviticus 1:6	And he shall flay the burnt offering, and cut it into his pieces.	
Leviticus 20:1	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,	
Leviticus 20:18	And if a man shall lie with a woman having her sickness, and shall uncover her nakedness; he hath discovered her fountain, and she hath uncovered the fountain of her blood: and both of them shall be cut off from among their people.	
Leviticus 20:19	And thou shalt not uncover the nakedness of thy mother's sister, nor of thy father's sister: for he uncovereth his near kin: they shall bear their iniquity.	
Leviticus 20:2	Again, thou shalt say to the children of Israel, Whosoever he be of the children of Israel, or of the strangers that sojourn in Israel, that giveth any of his seed unto Molech; he shall surely be put to death: the people of the land shall stone him with stones.	
Leviticus 20:5	Then I will set my face against that man, and against his family, and will cut him off, and all that go a whoring after him, to commit whoredom with Molech, from among their people.	
Leviticus 21:11	Neither shall he go in to any dead body, nor defile himself for his father, or for his mother;	
Leviticus 21:14	A widow, or a divorced woman, or profane, or an harlot, these shall he not take: but he shall take a virgin of his own people to wife.	
Leviticus 21:15	Neither shall he profane his seed among his people: for I the LORD do sanctify him.	
Leviticus 21:21	No man that hath a blemish of the seed of Aaron the priest shall come nigh to offer the offerings of the LORD made by fire: he hath a blemish; he shall not come nigh to offer the bread of his God.	
Leviticus 21:24	And Moses told it unto Aaron, and to his sons, and unto all the children of Israel.	
Leviticus 21:5	They shall not make baldness upon their head, neither shall they shave off the corner of their beard, nor make any cuttings in their flesh.	
Leviticus 21:7	They shall not take a wife that is a whore, or profane; neither shall they take a woman put away from her husband: for he is holy unto his God.	
Leviticus 21:8	Thou shalt sanctify him therefore; for he offereth the bread of thy God: he shall be holy unto thee: for I the LORD, which sanctify you, am holy.	
Leviticus 21:9	And the daughter of any priest, if she profane herself by playing the whore, she profaneth her father: she shall be burnt with fire.	
Leviticus 22:12	If the priest's daughter also be married unto a stranger, she may not eat of an offering of the holy things.	
Leviticus 22:13	But if the priest's daughter be a widow, or divorced, and have no child, and is returned unto her father's house, as in her youth, she shall eat of her father's meat: but there shall be no stranger eat thereof.	
Leviticus 22:16	Or suffer them to bear the iniquity of trespass, when they eat their holy things: for I the LORD do sanctify them.	
Leviticus 22:33	That brought you out of the land of Egypt, to be your God: I am the LORD.	
Leviticus 22:7	And when the sun is down, he shall be clean, and shall afterward eat of the holy things; because it is his food.	
Leviticus 23:18	And ye shall offer with the bread seven lambs without blemish of the first year, and one young bullock, and two rams: they shall be for a burnt offering unto the LORD, with their meat offering, and their drink offerings, even an offering made by fire, of sweet savor unto the LORD.	
Leviticus 23:30	And whatsoever soul it be that doeth any work in that same day, the same soul will I destroy from among his people.	
Leviticus 23:35	On the first day shall be an holy convocation: ye shall do no servile work therein.	
Leviticus 23:39	Also in the fifteenth day of the seventh month, when ye have gathered in the fruit of the land, ye shall keep a feast unto the LORD seven days: on the first day shall be a sabbath, and on the eighth day shall be a sabbath.	
Leviticus 23:40	And ye shall take you on the first day the boughs of goodly trees, branches of palm trees, and the boughs of thick trees, and willows of the brook; and ye shall rejoice before the LORD your God seven days.	
Leviticus 23:42	Ye shall dwell in booths seven days; all that are Israelites born shall dwell in booths:	
Leviticus 23:5	In the fourteenth day of the first month at even is the LORD's passover.	
Leviticus 23:7	In the first day ye shall have an holy convocation: ye shall do no servile work therein.	
Leviticus 24:1	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,	
Leviticus 24:16	And he that blasphemeth the name of the LORD, he shall surely be put to death, and all the congregation shall certainly stone him: as well the stranger, as he that is born in the land, when he blasphemeth the name of the Lord, shall be put to death.	
Leviticus 24:20	Breach for breach, eye for eye, tooth for tooth: as he hath caused a blemish in a man, so shall it be done to him again.	
Leviticus 24:4	He shall order the lamps upon the pure candlestick before the LORD continually.	
Leviticus 24:7	And thou shalt put pure frankincense upon each row, that it may be on the bread for a memorial, even an offering made by fire unto the LORD.	
Leviticus 25:15	According to the number of years after the jubilee thou shalt buy of thy neighbor, and according unto the number of years of the fruits he shall sell unto thee:	
Leviticus 25:19	And the land shall yield her fruit, and ye shall eat your fill, and dwell therein in safety.	
Leviticus 25:22	And ye shall sow the eighth year, and eat yet of old fruit until the ninth year; until her fruits come in ye shall eat of the old store.	
Leviticus 25:3	Six years thou shalt sow thy field, and six years thou shalt prune thy vineyard, and gather in the fruit thereof;	
Leviticus 25:32	Notwithstanding the cities of the Levites, and the houses of the cities of their possession, may the Levites redeem at any time.	
Leviticus 25:35	And if thy brother be waxen poor, and fallen in decay with thee; then thou shalt relieve him: yea, though he be a stranger, or a sojourner; that he may live with thee.	
Leviticus 25:36	Take thou no usury of him, or increase: but fear thy God; that thy brother may live with thee.	
Leviticus 25:4	But in the seventh year shall be a sabbath of rest unto the land, a sabbath for the LORD: thou shalt neither sow thy field, nor prune thy vineyard.	
Leviticus 25:40	But as an hired servant, and as a sojourner, he shall be with thee, and shall serve thee unto the year of jubilee.	
Leviticus 25:44	Both thy bondmen, and thy bondmaids, which thou shalt have, shall be of the heathen that are round about you; of them shall ye buy bondmen and bondmaids.	
Leviticus 25:48	After that he is sold he may be redeemed again; one of his brethren may redeem him:	
Leviticus 25:50	And he shall reckon with him that bought him from the year that he was sold to him unto the year of jubilee: and the price of his sale shall be according unto the number of years, according to the time of an hired servant shall it be with him.	
Leviticus 25:54	And if he be not redeemed in these years, then he shall go out in the year of jubilee, both he, and his children with him.	
Leviticus 25:8	And thou shalt number seven sabbaths of years unto thee, seven times seven years; and the space of the seven sabbaths of years shall be unto thee forty and nine years.	
Leviticus 26:10	And ye shall eat old store, and bring forth the old because of the new.	
Leviticus 26:16	I also will do this unto you; I will even appoint over you terror, consumption, and the burning ague, that shall consume the eyes, and cause sorrow of heart: and ye shall sow your seed in vain, for your enemies shall eat it.	
Leviticus 26:3	If ye walk in my statutes, and keep my commandments, and do them;	
Leviticus 26:37	And they shall fall one upon another, as it were before a sword, when none pursueth: and ye shall have no power to stand before your enemies.	
Leviticus 26:39	And they that are left of you shall pine away in their iniquity in your enemies' lands; and also in the iniquities of their fathers shall they pine away with them.	
Leviticus 26:5	And your threshing shall reach unto the vintage, and the vintage shall reach unto the sowing time: and ye shall eat your bread to the full, and dwell in your land safely.	
Leviticus 26:7	And ye shall chase your enemies, and they shall fall before you by the sword.	
Leviticus 26:9	For I will have respect unto you, and make you fruitful, and multiply you, and establish my covenant with you.	
Leviticus 27:13	But if he will at all redeem it, then he shall add a fifth part thereof unto thy estimation.	
Leviticus 27:26	Only the firstling of the beasts, which should be the LORD's firstling, no man shall sanctify it; whether it be ox, or sheep: it is the LORD's.	
Leviticus 27:34	These are the commandments, which the LORD commanded Moses for the children of Israel in mount Sinai.	
Leviticus 27:8	But if he be poorer than thy estimation, then he shall present himself before the priest, and the priest shall value him; according to his ability that vowed shall the priest value him.	
Leviticus 2:1	And when any will offer a meat offering unto the LORD, his offering shall be of fine flour; and he shall pour oil upon it, and put frankincense thereon:	
Leviticus 2:16	And the priest shall burn the memorial of it, part of the beaten corn thereof, and part of the oil thereof, with all the frankincense thereof: it is an offering made by fire unto the LORD.	
Leviticus 2:7	And if thy oblation be a meat offering baked in the frying pan, it shall be made of fine flour with oil.	
Leviticus 2:9	And the priest shall take from the meat offering a memorial thereof, and shall burn it upon the altar: it is an offering made by fire, of a sweet savor unto the LORD.	
Leviticus 3:1	And if his oblation be a sacrifice of peace offering, if he offer it of the herd; whether it be a male or female, he shall offer it without blemish before the LORD.	
Leviticus 3:15	And the two kidneys, and the fat that is upon them, which is by the flanks, and the caul above the liver, with the kidneys, it shall he take away.	
Leviticus 3:6	And if his offering for a sacrifice of peace offering unto the LORD be of the flock; male or female, he shall offer it without blemish.	
Leviticus 3:8	And he shall lay his hand upon the head of his offering, and kill it before the tabernacle of the congregation: and Aaron's sons shall sprinkle the blood thereof round about upon the altar.	
Leviticus 4:1	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,	
Leviticus 4:17	And the priest shall dip his finger in some of the blood, and sprinkle it seven times before the LORD, even before the vail.	
Leviticus 4:2	Speak unto the children of Israel, saying, If a soul shall sin through ignorance against any of the commandments of the LORD concerning things which ought not to be done, and shall do against any of them:	
Leviticus 4:21	And he shall carry forth the bullock without the camp, and burn him as he burned the first bullock: it is a sin offering for the congregation.	
Leviticus 4:23	Or if his sin, wherein he hath sinned, come to his knowledge; he shall bring his offering, a kid of the goats, a male without blemish:	
Leviticus 4:29	And he shall lay his hand upon the head of the sin offering, and slay the sin offering in the place of the burnt offering.	
Leviticus 4:35	And he shall take away all the fat thereof, as the fat of the lamb is taken away from the sacrifice of the peace offerings; and the priest shall burn them upon the altar, according to the offerings made by fire unto the LORD: and the priest shall make an atonement for his sin that he hath committed, and it shall be forgiven him.	
Leviticus 4:9	And the two kidneys, and the fat that is upon them, which is by the flanks, and the caul above the liver, with the kidneys, it shall he take away,	
Leviticus 5:19	It is a trespass offering: he hath certainly trespassed against the LORD.	
Leviticus 6:12	And the fire upon the altar shall be burning in it; it shall not be put out: and the priest shall burn wood on it every morning, and lay the burnt offering in order upon it; and he shall burn thereon the fat of the peace offerings.	
Leviticus 6:14	And this is the law of the meat offering: the sons of Aaron shall offer it before the LORD, before the altar.	
Leviticus 6:2	If a soul sin, and commit a trespass against the LORD, and lie unto his neighbor in that which was delivered him to keep, or in fellowship, or in a thing taken away by violence, or hath deceived his neighbor;	
Leviticus 6:23	For every meat offering for the priest shall be wholly burnt: it shall not be eaten.	
Leviticus 6:27	Whatsoever shall touch the flesh thereof shall be holy: and when there is sprinkled of the blood thereof upon any garment, thou shalt wash that whereon it was sprinkled in the holy place.	
Leviticus 6:5	Or all that about which he hath sworn falsely; he shall even restore it in the principal, and shall add the fifth part more thereto, and give it unto him to whom it appertaineth, in the day of his trespass offering.	
Leviticus 6:7	And the priest shall make an atonement for him before the LORD: and it shall be forgiven him for any thing of all that he hath done in trespassing therein.	
Leviticus 7:11	And this is the law of the sacrifice of peace offerings, which he shall offer unto the LORD.	
Leviticus 7:13	Besides the cakes, he shall offer for his offering leavened bread with the sacrifice of thanksgiving of his peace offerings.	
Leviticus 7:14	And of it he shall offer one out of the whole oblation for an heave offering unto the LORD, and it shall be the priest's that sprinkleth the blood of the peace offerings.	
Leviticus 7:17	But the remainder of the flesh of the sacrifice on the third day shall be burnt with fire.	
Leviticus 7:20	But the soul that eateth of the flesh of the sacrifice of peace offerings, that pertain unto the LORD, having his uncleanness upon him, even that soul shall be cut off from his people.	
Leviticus 7:27	Whatsoever soul it be that eateth any manner of blood, even that soul shall be cut off from his people.	
Leviticus 7:28	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,	
Leviticus 7:29	Speak unto the children of Israel, saying, He that offereth the sacrifice of his peace offerings unto the LORD shall bring his oblation unto the LORD of the sacrifice of his peace offerings.	
Leviticus 7:33	He among the sons of Aaron, that offereth the blood of the peace offerings, and the fat, shall have the right shoulder for his part.	
Leviticus 7:34	For the wave breast and the heave shoulder have I taken of the children of Israel from off the sacrifices of their peace offerings, and have given them unto Aaron the priest and unto his sons by a statute for ever from among the children of Israel.	
Leviticus 7:5	And the priest shall burn them upon the altar for an offering made by fire unto the LORD: it is a trespass offering.	
Leviticus 8:1	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,	
Leviticus 8:13	And Moses brought Aaron's sons, and put coats upon them, and girded them with girdles, and put bonnets upon them; as the LORD commanded Moses.	
Leviticus 8:16	And he took all the fat that was upon the inwards, and the caul above the liver, and the two kidneys, and their fat, and Moses burned it upon the altar.	
Leviticus 8:23	And he slew it; and Moses took of the blood of it, and put it upon the tip of Aaron's right ear, and upon the thumb of his right hand, and upon the great toe of his right foot.	
Leviticus 8:26	And out of the basket of unleavened bread, that was before the LORD, he took one unleavened cake, and a cake of oiled bread, and one wafer, and put them on the fat, and upon the right shoulder:	
Leviticus 8:29	And Moses took the breast, and waved it for a wave offering before the LORD: for of the ram of consecration it was Moses' part; as the LORD commanded Moses.	
Leviticus 8:33	And ye shall not go out of the door of the tabernacle of the congregation in seven days, until the days of your consecration be at an end: for seven days shall he consecrate you.	
Leviticus 8:6	And Moses brought Aaron and his sons, and washed them with water.	
Leviticus 8:8	And he put the breastplate upon him: also he put in the breastplate the Urim and the Thummim.	
Leviticus 9:10	But the fat, and the kidneys, and the caul above the liver of the sin offering, he burnt upon the altar; as the LORD commanded Moses.	
Leviticus 9:12	And he slew the burnt offering; and Aaron's sons presented unto him the blood, which he sprinkled round about upon the altar.	
Leviticus 9:15	And he brought the people's offering, and took the goat, which was the sin offering for the people, and slew it, and offered it for sin, as the first.	
Leviticus 9:19	And the fat of the bullock and of the ram, the rump, and that which covereth the inwards, and the kidneys, and the caul above the liver:	
Leviticus 9:2	And he said unto Aaron, Take thee a young calf for a sin offering, and a ram for a burnt offering, without blemish, and offer them before the LORD.	
Leviticus 9:20	And they put the fat upon the breasts, and he burnt the fat upon the altar:	
Leviticus 9:21	And the breasts and the right shoulder Aaron waved for a wave offering before the LORD; as Moses commanded.	
Leviticus 9:3	And unto the children of Israel thou shalt speak, saying, Take ye a kid of the goats for a sin offering; and a calf and a lamb, both of the first year, without blemish, for a burnt offering;	
Leviticus 9:4	Also a bullock and a ram for peace offerings, to sacrifice before the LORD; and a meat offering mingled with oil: for to day the LORD will appear unto you.	
Luke 10:12	But I say unto you, that it shall be more tolerable in that day for Sodom, than for that city.	
Luke 10:16	He that heareth you heareth me; and he that despiseth you despiseth me; and he that despiseth me despiseth him that sent me.	
Luke 10:18	And he said unto them, I beheld Satan as lightning fall from heaven.	
Luke 10:20	Notwithstanding in this rejoice not, that the spirits are subject unto you; but rather rejoice, because your names are written in heaven.	
Luke 10:3	Go your ways: behold, I send you forth as lambs among wolves.	
Luke 10:31	And by chance there came down a certain priest that way: and when he saw him, he passed by on the other side.	
Luke 10:34	And went to him, and bound up his wounds, pouring in oil and wine, and set him on his own beast, and brought him to an inn, and took care of him.	
Luke 10:38	Now it came to pass, as they went, that he entered into a certain village: and a certain woman named Martha received him into her house.	
Luke 10:40	But Martha was cumbered about much serving, and came to him, and said, Lord, dost thou not care that my sister hath left me to serve alone? bid her therefore that she help me.	
Luke 10:41	And Jesus answered and said unto her, Martha, Martha, thou art careful and troubled about many things:	
Luke 11:12	Or if he shall ask an egg, will he offer him a scorpion?	
Luke 11:19	And if I by Beelzebub cast out devils, by whom do your sons cast them out? therefore shall they be your judges.	
Luke 11:20	But if I with the finger of God cast out devils, no doubt the kingdom of God is come upon you.	
Luke 11:24	When the unclean spirit is gone out of a man, he walketh through dry places, seeking rest; and finding none, he saith, I will return unto my house whence I came out.	
Luke 11:30	For as Jonas was a sign unto the Ninevites, so shall also the Son of man be to this generation.	
Luke 11:31	The queen of the south shall rise up in the judgment with the men of this generation, and condemn them: for she came from the utmost parts of the earth to hear the wisdom of Solomon; and, behold, a greater than Solomon is here.	
Luke 11:33	No man, when he hath lighted a candle, putteth it in a secret place, neither under a bushel, but on a candlestick, that they which come in may see the light.	
Luke 11:36	If thy whole body therefore be full of light, having no part dark, the whole shall be full of light, as when the bright shining of a candle doth give thee light.	
Luke 11:51	From the blood of Abel unto the blood of Zacharias which perished between the altar and the temple: verily I say unto you, It shall be required of this generation.	
Luke 11:52	Woe unto you, lawyers! for ye have taken away the key of knowledge: ye entered not in yourselves, and them that were entering in ye hindered.	
Luke 11:53	And as he said these things unto them, the scribes and the Pharisees began to urge him vehemently, and to provoke him to speak of many things:	
Luke 11:7	And he from within shall answer and say, Trouble me not: the door is now shut, and my children are with me in bed; I cannot rise and give thee.	
Luke 12:11	And when they bring you unto the synagogues, and unto magistrates, and powers, take ye no thought how or what thing ye shall answer, or what ye shall say:	
Luke 12:14	And he said unto him, Man, who made me a judge or a divider over you?	
Luke 12:16	And he spake a parable unto them, saying, The ground of a certain rich man brought forth plentifully:	
Luke 12:17	And he thought within himself, saying, What shall I do, because I have no room where to bestow my fruits?	
Luke 12:2	For there is nothing covered, that shall not be revealed; neither hid, that shall not be known.	
Luke 12:20	But God said unto him, Thou fool, this night thy soul shall be required of thee: then whose shall those things be, which thou hast provided?	
Luke 12:24	Consider the ravens: for they neither sow nor reap; which neither have storehouse nor barn; and God feedeth them: how much more are ye better than the fowls?	
Luke 12:25	And which of you with taking thought can add to his stature one cubit?	
Luke 12:26	If ye then be not able to do that thing which is least, why take ye thought for the rest?	
Luke 12:29	And seek not ye what ye shall eat, or what ye shall drink, neither be ye of doubtful mind.	
Luke 12:3	Therefore whatsoever ye have spoken in darkness shall be heard in the light; and that which ye have spoken in the ear in closets shall be proclaimed upon the housetops.	
Luke 12:32	Fear not, little flock; for it is your Father's good pleasure to give you the kingdom.	
Luke 12:33	Sell that ye have, and give alms; provide yourselves bags which wax not old, a treasure in the heavens that faileth not, where no thief approacheth, neither moth corrupteth.	
Luke 12:34	For where your treasure is, there will your heart be also.	
Luke 12:36	And ye yourselves like unto men that wait for their lord, when he will return from the wedding; that when he cometh and knocketh, they may open unto him immediately.	
Luke 12:43	Blessed is that servant, whom his lord when he cometh shall find so doing.	
Luke 12:44	Of a truth I say unto you, that he will make him ruler over all that he hath.	
Luke 12:46	The lord of that servant will come in a day when he looketh not for him, and at an hour when he is not aware, and will cut him in sunder, and will appoint him his portion with the unbelievers.	
Luke 12:6	Are not five sparrows sold for two farthings, and not one of them is forgotten before God?	
Luke 12:7	But even the very hairs of your head are all numbered. Fear not therefore: ye are of more value than many sparrows.	
Luke 13:1	There were present at that season some that told him of the Galilaeans, whose blood Pilate had mingled with their sacrifices.	
Luke 13:16	And ought not this woman, being a daughter of Abraham, whom Satan hath bound, lo, these eighteen years, be loosed from this bond on the sabbath day?	
Luke 13:33	Nevertheless I must walk to day, and to morrow, and the day following: for it cannot be that a prophet perish out of Jerusalem.	
Luke 13:5	I tell you, Nay: but, except ye repent, ye shall all likewise perish.	
Luke 14:10	But when thou art bidden, go and sit down in the lowest room; that when he that bade thee cometh, he may say unto thee, Friend, go up higher: then shalt thou have worship in the presence of them that sit at meat with thee.	
Luke 14:11	For whosoever exalteth himself shall be abased; and he that humbleth himself shall be exalted.	
Luke 14:12	Then said he also to him that bade him, When thou makest a dinner or a supper, call not thy friends, nor thy brethren, neither thy kinsmen, nor thy rich neighbours; lest they also bid thee again, and a recompence be made thee.	
Luke 14:21	So that servant came, and shewed his lord these things. Then the master of the house being angry said to his servant, Go out quickly into the streets and lanes of the city, and bring in hither the poor, and the maimed, and the halt, and the blind.	
Luke 14:22	And the servant said, Lord, it is done as thou hast commanded, and yet there is room.	
Luke 14:33	So likewise, whosoever he be of you that forsaketh not all that he hath, he cannot be my disciple.	
Luke 14:6	And they could not answer him again to these things.	
Luke 14:7	And he put forth a parable to those which were bidden, when he marked how they chose out the chief rooms; saying unto them.	
Luke 14:8	When thou art bidden of any man to a wedding, sit not down in the highest room; lest a more honourable man than thou be bidden of him;	
Luke 15:2	And the Pharisees and scribes murmured, saying, This man receiveth sinners, and eateth with them.	
Luke 15:25	Now his elder son was in the field: and as he came and drew nigh to the house, he heard musick and dancing.	
Luke 15:28	And he was angry, and would not go in: therefore came his father out, and intreated him.	
Luke 15:29	And he answering said to his father, Lo, these many years do I serve thee, neither transgressed I at any time thy commandment: and yet thou never gavest me a kid, that I might make merry with my friends:	
Luke 15:3	And he spake this parable unto them, saying,	
Luke 15:7	I say unto you, that likewise joy shall be in heaven over one sinner that repenteth, more than over ninety and nine just persons, which need no repentance.	
Luke 16:11	If therefore ye have not been faithful in the unrighteous mammon, who will commit to your trust the true riches?	
Luke 16:13	No servant can serve two masters: for either he will hate the one, and love the other; or else he will hold to the one, and despise the other. Ye cannot serve God and mammon.	
Luke 16:14	And the Pharisees also, who were covetous, heard all these things: and they derided him.	
Luke 16:18	Whosoever putteth away his wife, and marrieth another, committeth adultery: and whosoever marrieth her that is put away from her husband committeth adultery.	
Luke 16:20	And there was a certain beggar named Lazarus, which was laid at his gate, full of sores,	
Luke 16:24	And he cried and said, Father Abraham, have mercy on me, and send Lazarus, that he may dip the tip of his finger in water, and cool my tongue; for I am tormented in this flame.	
Luke 16:29	Abraham saith unto him, They have Moses and the prophets; let them hear them.	
Luke 16:3	Then the steward said within himself, What shall I do? for my lord taketh away from me the stewardship: I cannot dig; to beg I am ashamed.	
Luke 17:16	And fell down on his face at his feet, giving him thanks: and he was a Samaritan.	
Luke 17:17	And Jesus answering said, Were there not ten cleansed? but where are the nine?	
Luke 17:18	There are not found that returned to give glory to God, save this stranger.	
Luke 17:19	And he said unto him, Arise, go thy way: thy faith hath made thee whole.	
Luke 17:24	For as the lightning, that lighteneth out of the one part under heaven, shineth unto the other part under heaven; so shall also the Son of man be in his day.	
Luke 17:34	I tell you, in that night there shall be two men in one bed; the one shall be taken, and the other shall be left.	
Luke 18:10	Two men went up into the temple to pray; the one a Pharisee, and the other a publican.	
Luke 18:25	For it is easier for a camel to go through a needle's eye, than for a rich man to enter into the kingdom of God.	
Luke 18:26	And they that heard it said, Who then can be saved?	
Luke 18:28	Then Peter said, Lo, we have left all, and followed thee.	
Luke 18:34	And they understood none of these things: and this saying was hid from them, neither knew they the things which were spoken.	
Luke 18:35	And it came to pass, that as he was come nigh unto Jericho, a certain blind man sat by the way side begging:	
Luke 18:6	And the Lord said, Hear what the unjust judge saith.	
Luke 19:12	He said therefore, A certain nobleman went into a far country to receive for himself a kingdom, and to return.	
Luke 19:15	And it came to pass, that when he was returned, having received the kingdom, then he commanded these servants to be called unto him, to whom he had given the money, that he might know how much every man had gained by trading.	
Luke 19:17	And he said unto him, Well, thou good servant: because thou hast been faithful in a very little, have thou authority over ten cities.	
Luke 19:29	And it came to pass, when he was come nigh to Bethphage and Bethany, at the mount called the mount of Olives, he sent two of his disciples,	
Luke 19:31	And if any man ask you, Why do ye loose him? thus shall ye say unto him, Because the Lord hath need of him.	
Luke 19:32	And they that were sent went their way, and found even as he had said unto them.	
Luke 19:33	And as they were loosing the colt, the owners thereof said unto them, Why loose ye the colt?	
Luke 19:35	And they brought him to Jesus: and they cast their garments upon the colt, and they set Jesus thereon.	
Luke 19:36	And as he went, they spread their clothes in the way.	
Luke 19:40	And he answered and said unto them, I tell you that, if these should hold their peace, the stones would immediately cry out.	
Luke 19:42	Saying, If thou hadst known, even thou, at least in this thy day, the things which belong unto thy peace! but now they are hid from thine eyes.	
Luke 19:47	And he taught daily in the temple. But the chief priests and the scribes and the chief of the people sought to destroy him,	
Luke 19:6	And he made haste, and came down, and received him joyfully.	
Luke 19:7	And when they saw it, they all murmured, saying, That he was gone to be guest with a man that is a sinner.	
Luke 1:1	Forasmuch as many have taken in hand to set forth in order a declaration of those things which are most surely believed among us,	
Luke 1:10	And the whole multitude of the people were praying without at the time of incense.	
Luke 1:12	And when Zacharias saw him, he was troubled, and fear fell upon him.	
Luke 1:16	And many of the children of Israel shall he turn to the Lord their God.	
Luke 1:18	And Zacharias said unto the angel, Whereby shall I know this? for I am an old man, and my wife well stricken in years.	
Luke 1:30	And the angel said unto her, Fear not, Mary: for thou hast found favour with God.	
Luke 1:32	He shall be great, and shall be called the Son of the Highest: and the Lord God shall give unto him the throne of his father David:	
Luke 1:38	And Mary said, Behold the handmaid of the Lord; be it unto me according to thy word. And the angel departed from her.	
Luke 1:42	And she spake out with a loud voice, and said, Blessed art thou among women, and blessed is the fruit of thy womb.	
Luke 1:44	For, lo, as soon as the voice of thy salutation sounded in mine ears, the babe leaped in my womb for joy.	
Luke 1:46	And Mary said, My soul doth magnify the Lord,	
Luke 1:5	THERE was in the days of Herod, the king of Judaea, a certain priest named Zacharias, of the course of Abia: and his wife was of the daughters of Aaron, and her name was Elisabeth.	
Luke 1:54	He hath holpen his servant Israel, in remembrance of his mercy;	
Luke 1:55	As he spake to our fathers, to Abraham, and to his seed for ever.	
Luke 1:58	And her neighbours and her cousins heard how the Lord had shewed great mercy upon her; and they rejoiced with her.	
Luke 1:6	And they were both righteous before God, walking in all the commandments and ordinances of the Lord blameless.	
Luke 1:60	And his mother answered and said, Not so; but he shall be called John.	
Luke 1:66	And all they that heard them laid them up in their hearts, saying, What manner of child shall this be! And the hand of the Lord was with him.	
Luke 1:73	The oath which he sware to our father Abraham,	
Luke 1:80	And the child grew, and waxed strong in spirit, and was in the deserts till the day of his shewing unto Israel.	
Luke 20:11	And again he sent another servant: and they beat him also, and entreated him shamefully, and sent him away empty.	
Luke 20:12	And again he sent a third: and they wounded him also, and cast him out.	
Luke 20:16	He shall come and destroy these husbandmen, and shall give the vineyard to others. And when they heard it, they said, God forbid.	
Luke 20:2	And spake unto him, saying, Tell us, by what authority doest thou these things? or who is he that gave thee this authority?	
Luke 20:23	But he perceived their craftiness, and said unto them, Why tempt ye me?	
Luke 20:24	Shew me a penny. Whose image and superscription hath it? They answered and said, Caesar's.	
Luke 20:25	And he said unto them, Render therefore unto Caesar the things which be Caesar's, and unto God the things which be God's.	
Luke 20:27	Then came to him certain of the Sadducees, which deny that there is any resurrection; and they asked him,	
Luke 20:32	Last of all the woman died also.	
Luke 20:4	The baptism of John, was it from heaven, or of men?	
Luke 20:43	Till I make thine enemies thy footstool.	
Luke 20:6	But and if we say, Of men; all the people will stone us: for they be persuaded that John was a prophet.	
Luke 20:7	And they answered, that they could not tell whence it was.	
Luke 21:10	Then said he unto them, Nation shall rise against nation, and kingdom against kingdom:	
Luke 21:17	And ye shall be hated of all men for my name's sake.	
Luke 21:19	In your patience possess ye your souls.	
Luke 21:22	For these be the days of vengeance, that all things which are written may be fulfilled.	
Luke 21:25	And there shall be signs in the sun, and in the moon, and in the stars; and upon the earth distress of nations, with perplexity; the sea and the waves roaring;	
Luke 21:26	Men's hearts failing them for fear, and for looking after those things which are coming on the earth: for the powers of heaven shall be shaken.	
Luke 21:28	And when these things begin to come to pass, then look up, and lift up your heads; for your redemption draweth nigh.	
Luke 21:30	When they now shoot forth, ye see and know of your own selves that summer is now nigh at hand.	
Luke 21:38	And all the people came early in the morning to him in the temple, for to hear him.	
Luke 21:4	For all these have of their abundance cast in unto the offerings of God: but she of her penury hath cast in all the living that she had.	
Luke 21:5	And as some spake of the temple, how it was adorned with goodly stones and gifts, he said,	
Luke 21:7	And they asked him, saying, Master, but when shall these things be? and what sign will there be when these things shall come to pass?	
Luke 22:10	And he said unto them, Behold, when ye are entered into the city, there shall a man meet you, bearing a pitcher of water; follow him into the house where he entereth in.	
Luke 22:14	And when the hour was come, he sat down, and the twelve apostles with him.	
Luke 22:20	Likewise also the cup after supper, saying, This cup is the new testament in my blood, which is shed for you.	
Luke 22:3	Then entered Satan into Judas surnamed Iscariot, being of the number of the twelve.	
Luke 22:33	And he said unto him, Lord, I am ready to go with thee, both into prison, and to death.	
Luke 22:46	And said unto them, Why sleep ye? rise and pray, lest ye enter into temptation.	
Luke 22:52	Then Jesus said unto the chief priests, and captains of the temple, and the elders, which were come to him, Be ye come out, as against a thief, with swords and staves?	
Luke 22:56	But a certain maid beheld him as he sat by the fire, and earnestly looked upon him, and said, This man was also with him.	
Luke 22:58	And after a little while another saw him, and said, Thou art also of them. And Peter said, Man, I am not.	
Luke 22:6	And he promised, and sought opportunity to betray him unto them in the absence of the multitude.	
Luke 22:60	And Peter said, Man, I know not what thou sayest. And immediately, while he yet spake, the cock crew.	
Luke 22:61	And the Lord turned, and looked upon Peter. And Peter remembered the word of the Lord, how he had said unto him, Before the cock crow, thou shalt deny me thrice.	
Luke 22:64	And when they had blindfolded him, they struck him on the face, and asked him, saying, Prophesy, who is it that smote thee?	
Luke 22:66	And as soon as it was day, the elders of the people and the chief priests and the scribes came together, and led him into their council, saying,	
Luke 22:9	And they said unto him, Where wilt thou that we prepare?	
Luke 23:14	Said unto them, Ye have brought this man unto me, as one that perverteth the people: and, behold, I, having examined him before you, have found no fault in this man touching those things whereof ye accuse him:	
Luke 23:15	No, nor yet Herod: for I sent you to him; and, lo, nothing worthy of death is done unto him.	
Luke 23:17	(For of necessity he must release one unto them at the feast.)	
Luke 23:19	(Who for a certain sedition made in the city, and for murder, was cast into prison.)	
Luke 23:20	Pilate therefore, willing to release Jesus, spake again to them.	
Luke 23:3	And Pilate asked him, saying, Art thou the King of the Jews? And he answered him and said, Thou sayest it.	
Luke 23:30	Then shall they begin to say to the mountains, Fall on us; and to the hills, Cover us.	
Luke 23:32	And there were also two other, malefactors, led with him to be put to death.	
Luke 23:33	And when they were come to the place, which is called Calvary, there they crucified him, and the malefactors, one on the right hand, and the other on the left.	
Luke 23:35	And the people stood beholding. And the rulers also with them derided him, saying, He saved others; let him save himself, if he be Christ, the chosen of God.	
Luke 23:43	And Jesus said unto him, Verily I say unto thee, To day shalt thou be with me in paradise.	
Luke 23:45	And the sun was darkened, and the veil of the temple was rent in the midst.	
Luke 23:46	And when Jesus had cried with a loud voice, he said, Father, into thy hands I commend my spirit: and having said thus, he gave up the ghost.	
Luke 23:48	And all the people that came together to that sight, beholding the things which were done, smote their breasts, and returned.	
Luke 23:56	And they returned, and prepared spices and ointments; and rested the sabbath day according to the commandment.	
Luke 23:6	When Pilate heard of Galilee, he asked whether the man were a Galilaean.	
Luke 23:8	And when Herod saw Jesus, he was exceeding glad: for he was desirous to see him of a long season, because he had heard many things of him; and he hoped to have seen some miracle done by him.	
Luke 23:9	Then he questioned with him in many words; but he answered him nothing.	
Luke 24:13	And, behold, two of them went that same day to a village called Emmaus, which was from Jerusalem about threescore furlongs.	
Luke 24:17	And he said unto them, What manner of communications are these that ye have one to another, as ye walk, and are sad?	
Luke 24:18	And the one of them, whose name was Cleopas, answering said unto him, Art thou only a stranger in Jerusalem, and hast not known the things which are come to pass there in these days?	
Luke 24:19	And he said unto them, What things? And they said unto him, Concerning Jesus of Nazareth, which was a prophet mighty in deed and word before God and all the people:	
Luke 24:2	And they found the stone rolled away from the sepulchre.	
Luke 24:22	Yea, and certain women also of our company made us astonished, which were early at the sepulchre;	
Luke 24:27	And beginning at Moses and all the prophets, he expounded unto them in all the scriptures the things concerning himself.	
Luke 24:35	And they told what things were done in the way, and how he was known of them in breaking of bread.	
Luke 24:42	And they gave him a piece of a broiled fish, and of an honeycomb.	
Luke 24:45	Then opened he their understanding, that they might understand the scriptures,	
Luke 24:47	And that repentance and remission of sins should be preached in his name among all nations, beginning at Jerusalem.	
Luke 24:5	And as they were afraid, and bowed down their faces to the earth, they said unto them, Why seek ye the living among the dead?	
Luke 2:10	And the angel said unto them, Fear not: for, behold, I bring you good tidings of great joy, which shall be to all people.	
Luke 2:11	For unto you is born this day in the city of David a Saviour, which is Christ the Lord.	
Luke 2:12	And this shall be a sign unto you; Ye shall find the babe wrapped in swaddling clothes, lying in a manger.	
Luke 2:13	And suddenly there was with the angel a multitude of the heavenly host praising God, and saying,	
Luke 2:14	Glory to God in the highest, and on earth peace, good will toward men.	
Luke 2:18	And all they that heard it wondered at those things which were told them by the shepherds.	
Luke 2:22	And when the days of her purification according to the law of Moses were accomplished, they brought him to Jerusalem, to present him to the Lord;	
Luke 2:23	(As it is written in the law of the LORD, Every male that openeth the womb shall be called holy to the Lord;)	
Luke 2:25	And, behold, there was a man in Jerusalem, whose name was Simeon; and the same man was just and devout, waiting for the consolation of Israel: and the Holy Ghost was upon him.	
Luke 2:27	And he came by the Spirit into the temple: and when the parents brought in the child Jesus, to do for him after the custom of the law,	
Luke 2:31	Which thou hast prepared before the face of all people;	
Luke 2:34	And Simeon blessed them, and said unto Mary his mother, Behold, this child is set for the fall and rising again of many in Israel; and for a sign which shall be spoken against;	
Luke 2:35	(Yea, a sword shall pierce through thy own soul also,) that the thoughts of many hearts may be revealed.	
Luke 2:36	And there was one Anna, a prophetess, the daughter of Phanuel, of the tribe of Aser: she was of a great age, and had lived with an husband seven years from her virginity;	
Luke 2:38	And she coming in that instant gave thanks likewise unto the Lord, and spake of him to all them that looked for redemption in Jerusalem.	
Luke 2:40	And the child grew, and waxed strong in spirit, filled with wisdom: and the grace of God was upon him.	
Luke 2:41	Now his parents went to Jerusalem every year at the feast of the passover.	
Luke 2:43	And when they had fulfilled the days, as they returned, the child Jesus tarried behind in Jerusalem; and Joseph and his mother knew not of it.	
Luke 2:44	But they, supposing him to have been in the company, went a day's journey; and they sought him among their kinsfolk and acquaintance.	
Luke 2:49	And he said unto them, How is it that ye sought me? wist ye not that I must be about my Father's business?	
Luke 2:5	To be taxed with Mary his espoused wife, being great with child.	
Luke 2:52	And Jesus increased in wisdom and stature, and in favour with God and man.	
Luke 3:10	And the people asked him, saying, What shall we do then?	
Luke 3:13	And he said unto them, Exact no more than that which is appointed you.	
Luke 3:19	But Herod the tetrarch, being reproved by him for Herodias his brother Philip's wife, and for all the evils which Herod had done,	
Luke 3:24	Which was the son of Matthat, which was the son of Levi, which was the son of Melchi, which was the son of Janna, which was the son of Joseph,	
Luke 3:3	And he came into all the country about Jordan, preaching the baptism of repentance for the remission of sins;	
Luke 3:34	Which was the son of Jacob, which was the son of Isaac, which was the son of Abraham, which was the son of Thara, which was the son of Nachor,	
Luke 3:35	Which was the son of Saruch, which was the son of Ragau, which was the son of Phalec, which was the son of Heber, which was the son of Sala,	
Luke 3:37	Which was the son of Mathusala, which was the son of Enoch, which was the son of Jared, which was the son of Maleleel, which was the son of Cainan,	
Luke 4:1	And Jesus being full of the Holy Ghost returned from Jordan, and was led by the Spirit into the wilderness,	
Luke 4:11	And in their hands they shall bear thee up, lest at any time thou dash thy foot against a stone.	
Luke 4:15	And he taught in their synagogues, being glorified of all.	
Luke 4:18	The Spirit of the Lord is upon me, because he hath anointed me to preach the gospel to the poor; he hath sent me to heal the brokenhearted, to preach deliverance to the captives, and recovering of sight to the blind, to set at liberty them that are bruised,	
Luke 4:19	To preach the acceptable year of the Lord.	
Luke 4:21	And he began to say unto them, This day is this scripture fulfilled in your ears.	
Luke 4:23	And he said unto them, Ye will surely say unto me this proverb, Physician, heal thyself: whatsoever we have heard done in Capernaum, do also here in thy country.	
Luke 4:25	But I tell you of a truth, many widows were in Israel in the days of Elias, when the heaven was shut up three years and six months, when great famine was throughout all the land;	
Luke 4:28	And all they in the synagogue, when they heard these things, were filled with wrath,	
Luke 4:29	And rose up, and thrust him out of the city, and led him unto the brow of the hill whereon their city was built, that they might cast him down headlong.	
Luke 4:35	And Jesus rebuked him, saying, Hold thy peace, and come out of him. And when the devil had thrown him in the midst, he came out of him, and hurt him not.	
Luke 4:38	And he arose out of the synagogue, and entered into Simon's house. And Simon's wife's mother was taken with a great fever; and they besought him for her.	
Luke 4:41	And devils also came out of many, crying out, and saying, Thou art Christ the Son of God. And he rebuking them suffered them not to speak: for they knew that he was Christ.	
Luke 4:6	And the devil said unto him, All this power will I give thee, and the glory of them: for that is delivered unto me; and to whomsoever I will I give it.	
Luke 4:8	And Jesus answered and said unto him, Get thee behind me, Satan: for it is written, Thou shalt worship the Lord thy God, and him only shalt thou serve.	
Luke 5:12	And it came to pass, when he was in a certain city, behold a man full of leprosy: who seeing Jesus fell on his face, and besought him, saying, Lord, if thou wilt, thou canst make me clean.	
Luke 5:15	But so much the more went there a fame abroad of him: and great multitudes came together to hear, and to be healed by him of their infirmities.	
Luke 5:17	And it came to pass on a certain day, as he was teaching, that there were Pharisees and doctors of the law sitting by, which were come out of every town of Galilee, and Judaea, and Jerusalem: and the power of the Lord was present to heal them.	
Luke 5:18	And, behold, men brought in a bed a man which was taken with a palsy: and they sought means to bring him in, and to lay him before him.	
Luke 5:29	And Levi made him a great feast in his own house: and there was a great company of publicans and of others that sat down with them.	
Luke 5:32	I came not to call the righteous, but sinners to repentance.	
Luke 5:6	And when they had this done, they inclosed a great multitude of fishes: and their net brake.	
Luke 5:8	When Simon Peter saw it, he fell down at Jesus' knees, saying, Depart from me; for I am a sinful man, O Lord.	
Luke 6:13	And when it was day, he called unto him his disciples: and of them he chose twelve, whom also he named apostles;	
Luke 6:20	And he lifted up his eyes on his disciples, and said, Blessed be ye poor: for yours is the kingdom of God.	
Luke 6:24	But woe unto you that are rich! for ye have received your consolation.	
Luke 6:33	And if ye do good to them which do good to you, what thank have ye? for sinners also do even the same.	
Luke 6:34	And if ye lend to them of whom ye hope to receive, what thank have ye? for sinners also lend to sinners, to receive as much again.	
Luke 6:37	Judge not, and ye shall not be judged: condemn not, and ye shall not be condemned: forgive, and ye shall be forgiven:	
Luke 6:42	Either how canst thou say to thy brother, Brother, let me pull out the mote that is in thine eye, when thou thyself beholdest not the beam that is in thine own eye? Thou hypocrite, cast out first the beam out of thine own eye, and then shalt thou see clearly to pull out the mote that is in thy brother's eye.	
Luke 6:43	For a good tree bringeth not forth corrupt fruit; neither doth a corrupt tree bring forth good fruit.	
Luke 6:44	For every tree is known by his own fruit. For of thorns men do not gather figs, nor of a bramble bush gather they grapes.	
Luke 6:48	He is like a man which built an house, and digged deep, and laid the foundation on a rock: and when the flood arose, the stream beat vehemently upon that house, and could not shake it: for it was founded upon a rock.	
Luke 7:12	Now when he came nigh to the gate of the city, behold, there was a dead man carried out, the only son of his mother, and she was a widow: and much people of the city was with her.	
Luke 7:13	And when the Lord saw her, he had compassion on her, and said unto her, Weep not.	
Luke 7:21	And in that same hour he cured many of their infirmities and plagues, and of evil spirits; and unto many that were blind he gave sight.	
Luke 7:27	This is he, of whom it is written, Behold, I send my messenger before thy face, which shall prepare thy way before thee.	
Luke 7:28	For I say unto you, Among those that are born of women there is not a greater prophet than John the Baptist: but he that is least in the kingdom of God is greater than he.	
Luke 7:40	And Jesus answering said unto him, Simon, I have somewhat to say unto thee. And he saith, Master, say on.	
Luke 7:46	My head with oil thou didst not anoint: but this woman hath anointed my feet with ointment.	
Luke 7:48	And he said unto her, Thy sins are forgiven.	
Luke 7:6	Then Jesus went with them. And when he was now not far from the house, the centurion sent friends to him, saying unto him, Lord, trouble not thyself: for I am not worthy that thou shouldest enter under my roof:	
Luke 8:1	And it came to pass afterward, that he went throughout every city and village, preaching and shewing the glad tidings of the kingdom of God: and the twelve were with him,	
Luke 8:12	Those by the way side are they that hear; then cometh the devil, and taketh away the word out of their hearts, lest they should believe and be saved.	
Luke 8:15	But that on the good ground are they, which in an honest and good heart, having heard the word, keep it, and bring forth fruit with patience.	
Luke 8:19	Then came to him his mother and his brethren, and could not come at him for the press.	
Luke 8:22	Now it came to pass on a certain day, that he went into a ship with his disciples: and he said unto them, Let us go over unto the other side of the lake. And they launched forth.	
Luke 8:30	And Jesus asked him, saying, What is thy name? And he said, Legion: because many devils were entered into him.	
Luke 8:31	And they besought him that he would not command them to go out into the deep.	
Luke 8:32	And there was there an herd of many swine feeding on the mountain: and they besought him that he would suffer them to enter into them. And he suffered them.	
Luke 8:37	Then the whole multitude of the country of the Gadarenes round about besought him to depart from them; for they were taken with great fear: and he went up into the ship, and returned back again.	
Luke 8:38	Now the man out of whom the devils were departed besought him that he might be with him: but Jesus sent him away, saying,	
Luke 8:43	And a woman having an issue of blood twelve years, which had spent all her living upon physicians, neither could be healed of any,	
Luke 8:44	Came behind him, and touched the border of his garment: and immediately her issue of blood stanched.	
Luke 8:47	And when the woman saw that she was not hid, she came trembling, and falling down before him, she declared unto him before all the people for what cause she had touched him, and how she was healed immediately.	
Luke 8:48	And he said unto her, Daughter, be of good comfort: thy faith hath made thee whole; go in peace.	
Luke 8:49	While he yet spake, there cometh one from the ruler of the synagogue's house, saying to him, Thy daughter is dead; trouble not the Master.	
Luke 8:50	But when Jesus heard it, he answered him, saying, Fear not: believe only, and she shall be made whole.	
Luke 9:1	Then he called his twelve disciples together, and gave them power and authority over all devils, and to cure diseases.	
Luke 9:11	And the people, when they knew it, followed him: and he received them, and spake unto them of the kingdom of God, and healed them that had need of healing.	
Luke 9:12	And when the day began to wear away, then came the twelve, and said unto him, Send the multitude away, that they may go into the towns and country round about, and lodge, and get victuals: for we are here in a desert place.	
Luke 9:14	For they were about five thousand men. And he said to his disciples, Make them sit down by fifties in a company.	
Luke 9:17	And they did eat, and were all filled: and there was taken up of fragments that remained to them twelve baskets.	
Luke 9:2	And he sent them to preach the kingdom of God, and to heal the sick.	
Luke 9:23	And he said to them all, If any man will come after me, let him deny himself, and take up his cross daily, and follow me.	
Luke 9:24	For whosoever will save his life shall lose it: but whosoever will lose his life for my sake, the same shall save it.	
Luke 9:33	And it came to pass, as they departed from him, Peter said unto Jesus, Master, it is good for us to be here: and let us make three tabernacles; one for thee, and one for Moses, and one for Elias: not knowing what he said.	
Luke 9:41	And Jesus answering said, O faithless and perverse generation, how long shall I be with you, and suffer you? Bring thy son hither.	
Luke 9:45	But they understood not this saying, and it was hid from them, that they perceived it not: and they feared to ask him of that saying.	
Luke 9:49	And John answered and said, Master, we saw one casting out devils in thy name; and we forbad him, because he followeth not with us.	
Luke 9:50	And Jesus said unto him, Forbid him not: for he that is not against us is for us.	
Luke 9:51	And it came to pass, when the time was come that he should be received up, he stedfastly set his face to go to Jerusalem,	
Luke 9:53	And they did not receive him, because his face was as though he would go to Jerusalem.	
Luke 9:57	And it came to pass, that, as they went in the way, a certain man said unto him, Lord, I will follow thee whithersoever thou goest.	
Luke 9:59	And he said unto another, Follow me. But he said, Lord, suffer me first to go and bury my father.	
Luke 9:61	And another also said, Lord, I will follow thee; but let me first go bid them farewell, which are at home at my house.	
Luke 9:9	And Herod said, John have I beheaded: but who is this, of whom I hear such things? And he desired to see him.	
Malachi 1:1	The burden of the word of the LORD to Israel by Malachi.	
Malachi 1:10	Who is there even among you that would shut the doors for nought? neither do ye kindle fire on mine altar for nought. I have no pleasure in you, saith the LORD of hosts, neither will I accept an offering at your hand.	
Malachi 1:11	For from the rising of the sun even unto the going down of the same my name shall be great among the Gentiles; and in every place incense shall be offered unto my name, and a pure offering: for my name shall be great among the heathen, saith the LORD of hosts.	
Malachi 1:14	But cursed be the deceiver, which hath in his flock a male, and voweth, and sacrificeth unto the LORD a corrupt thing: for I am a great King, saith the LORD of hosts, and my name is dreadful among the heathen.	
Malachi 1:2	I have loved you, saith the LORD. Yet ye say, Wherein hast thou loved us? Was not Esau Jacob's brother? saith the LORD: yet I loved Jacob,	
Malachi 1:3	And I hated Esau, and laid his mountains and his heritage waste for the dragons of the wilderness.	
Malachi 2:13	And this have ye done again, covering the altar of the LORD with tears, with weeping, and with crying out, insomuch that he regardeth not the offering any more, or receiveth it with good will at your hand.	
Malachi 2:5	My covenant was with him of life and peace; and I gave them to him for the fear wherewith he feared me, and was afraid before my name.	
Malachi 3:15	And now we call the proud happy; yea, they that work wickedness are set up; yea, they that tempt God are even delivered.	
Malachi 3:17	And they shall be mine, saith the LORD of hosts, in that day when I make up my jewels; and I will spare them, as a man spareth his own son that serveth him.	
Malachi 3:2	But who may abide the day of his coming? and who shall stand when he appeareth? for he is like a refiner's fire, and like fullers' soap:	
Malachi 3:8	Will a man rob God? Yet ye have robbed me. But ye say, Wherein have we robbed thee? In tithes and offerings.	
Mark 10:13	And they brought young children to him, that he should touch them: and his disciples rebuked those that brought them.	
Mark 10:17	And when he was gone forth into the way, there came one running, and kneeled to him, and asked him, Good Master, what shall I do that I may inherit eternal life?	
Mark 10:18	And Jesus said unto him, Why callest thou me good? there is none good but one, that is, God.	
Mark 10:19	Thou knowest the commandments, Do not commit adultery, Do not kill, Do not steal, Do not bear false witness, Defraud not, Honour thy father and mother.	
Mark 10:2	And the Pharisees came to him, and asked him, Is it lawful for a man to put away his wife? tempting him.	
Mark 10:23	And Jesus looked round about, and saith unto his disciples, How hardly shall they that have riches enter into the kingdom of God!	
Mark 10:24	And the disciples were astonished at his words. But Jesus answereth again, and saith unto them, Children, how hard is it for them that trust in riches to enter into the kingdom of God!	
Mark 10:26	And they were astonished out of measure, saying among themselves, Who then can be saved?	
Mark 10:27	And Jesus looking upon them saith, With men it is impossible, but not with God: for with God all things are possible.	
Mark 10:32	And they were in the way going up to Jerusalem; and Jesus went before them: and they were amazed; and as they followed, they were afraid. And he took again the twelve, and began to tell them what things should happen unto him,	
Mark 10:36	And he said unto them, What would ye that I should do for you?	
Mark 10:45	For even the Son of man came not to be ministered unto, but to minister, and to give his life a ransom for many.	
Mark 10:49	And Jesus stood still, and commanded him to be called. And they call the blind man, saying unto him, Be of good comfort, rise; he calleth thee.	
Mark 10:51	And Jesus answered and said unto him, What wilt thou that I should do unto thee? The blind man said unto him, Lord, that I might receive my sight.	
Mark 10:52	And Jesus said unto him, Go thy way; thy faith hath made thee whole. And immediately he received his sight, and followed Jesus in the way.	
Mark 11:14	And Jesus answered and said unto it, No man eat fruit of thee hereafter for ever. And his disciples heard it.	
Mark 11:15	And they come to Jerusalem: and Jesus went into the temple, and began to cast out them that sold and bought in the temple, and overthrew the tables of the moneychangers, and the seats of them that sold doves;	
Mark 11:16	And would not suffer that any man should carry any vessel through the temple.	
Mark 11:24	Therefore I say unto you, What things soever ye desire, when ye pray, believe that ye receive them, and ye shall have them.	
Mark 11:29	And Jesus answered and said unto them, I will also ask of you one question, and answer me, and I will tell you by what authority I do these things.	
Mark 11:3	And if any man say unto you, Why do ye this? say ye that the Lord hath need of him; and straightway he will send him hither.	
Mark 11:31	And they reasoned with themselves, saying, If we shall say, From heaven; he will say, Why then did ye not believe him?	
Mark 11:6	And they said unto them even as Jesus had commanded: and they let them go.	
Mark 12:10	And have ye not read this scripture; The stone which the builders rejected is become the head of the corner:	
Mark 12:19	Master, Moses wrote unto us, If a man's brother die, and leave his wife behind him, and leave no children, that his brother should take his wife, and raise up seed unto his brother.	
Mark 12:30	And thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy mind, and with all thy strength: this is the first commandment.	
Mark 12:32	And the scribe said unto him, Well, Master, thou hast said the truth: for there is one God; and there is none other but he:	
Mark 12:34	And when Jesus saw that he answered discreetly, he said unto him, Thou art not far from the kingdom of God. And no man after that durst ask him any question.	
Mark 12:41	And Jesus sat over against the treasury, and beheld how the people cast money into the treasury: and many that were rich cast in much.	
Mark 12:6	Having yet therefore one son, his wellbeloved, he sent him also last unto them, saying, They will reverence my son.	
Mark 12:8	And they took him, and killed him, and cast him out of the vineyard.	
Mark 13:13	And ye shall be hated of all men for my name's sake: but he that shall endure unto the end, the same shall be saved.	
Mark 13:18	And pray ye that your flight be not in the winter.	
Mark 13:20	And except that the Lord had shortened those days, no flesh should be saved: but for the elect's sake, whom he hath chosen, he hath shortened the days.	
Mark 13:22	For false Christs and false prophets shall rise, and shall shew signs and wonders, to seduce, if it were possible, even the elect.	
Mark 13:25	And the stars of heaven shall fall, and the powers that are in heaven shall be shaken.	
Mark 13:32	But of that day and that hour knoweth no man, no, not the angels which are in heaven, neither the Son, but the Father.	
Mark 13:4	Tell us, when shall these things be? and what shall be the sign when all these things shall be fulfilled?	
Mark 13:8	For nation shall rise against nation, and kingdom against kingdom: and there shall be earthquakes in divers places, and there shall be famines and troubles: these are the beginnings of sorrows.	
Mark 13:9	But take heed to yourselves: for they shall deliver you up to councils; and in the synagogues ye shall be beaten: and ye shall be brought before rulers and kings for my sake, for a testimony against them.	
Mark 14:11	And when they heard it, they were glad, and promised to give him money. And he sought how he might conveniently betray him.	
Mark 14:13	And he sendeth forth two of his disciples, and saith unto them, Go ye into the city, and there shall meet you a man bearing a pitcher of water: follow him.	
Mark 14:14	And wheresoever he shall go in, say ye to the goodman of the house, The Master saith, Where is the guestchamber, where I shall eat the passover with my disciples?	
Mark 14:17	And in the evening he cometh with the twelve.	
Mark 14:2	But they said, Not on the feast day, lest there be an uproar of the people.	
Mark 14:20	And he answered and said unto them, It is one of the twelve, that dippeth with me in the dish.	
Mark 14:28	But after that I am risen, I will go before you into Galilee.	
Mark 14:33	And he taketh with him Peter and James and John, and began to be sore amazed, and to be very heavy;	
Mark 14:36	And he said, Abba, Father, all things are possible unto thee; take away this cup from me: nevertheless not what I will, but what thou wilt.	
Mark 14:47	And one of them that stood by drew a sword, and smote a servant of the high priest, and cut off his ear.	
Mark 14:5	For it might have been sold for more than three hundred pence, and have been given to the poor. And they murmured against her.	
Mark 14:50	And they all forsook him, and fled.	
Mark 14:52	And he left the linen cloth, and fled from them naked.	
Mark 14:58	We heard him say, I will destroy this temple that is made with hands, and within three days I will build another made without hands.	
Mark 14:60	And the high priest stood up in the midst, and asked Jesus, saying, Answerest thou nothing? what is it which these witness against thee?	
Mark 14:61	But he held his peace, and answered nothing. Again the high priest asked him, and said unto him, Art thou the Christ, the Son of the Blessed?	
Mark 14:62	And Jesus said, I am: and ye shall see the Son of man sitting on the right hand of power, and coming in the clouds of heaven.	
Mark 14:65	And some began to spit on him, and to cover his face, and to buffet him, and to say unto him, Prophesy: and the servants did strike him with the palms of their hands.	
Mark 14:69	And a maid saw him again, and began to say to them that stood by, This is one of them.	
Mark 14:71	But he began to curse and to swear, saying, I know not this man of whom ye speak.	
Mark 14:8	She hath done what she could: she is come aforehand to anoint my body to the burying.	
Mark 15:10	For he knew that the chief priests had delivered him for envy.	
Mark 15:12	And Pilate answered and said again unto them, What will ye then that I shall do unto him whom ye call the King of the Jews?	
Mark 15:14	Then Pilate said unto them, Why, what evil hath he done? And they cried out the more exceedingly, Crucify him.	
Mark 15:16	And the soldiers led him away into the hall, called Praetorium; and they call together the whole band.	
Mark 15:18	And began to salute him, Hail, King of the Jews!	
Mark 15:22	And they bring him unto the place Golgotha, which is, being interpreted, The place of a skull.	
Mark 15:24	And when they had crucified him, they parted his garments, casting lots upon them, what every man should take.	
Mark 15:27	And with him they crucify two thieves; the one on his right hand, and the other on his left.	
Mark 15:28	And the scripture was fulfilled, which saith, And he was numbered with the transgressors.	
Mark 15:29	And they that passed by railed on him, wagging their heads, and saying, Ah, thou that destroyest the temple, and buildest it in three days,	
Mark 15:32	Let Christ the King of Israel descend now from the cross, that we may see and believe. And they that were crucified with him reviled him.	
Mark 15:4	And Pilate asked him again, saying, Answerest thou nothing? behold how many things they witness against thee.	
Mark 15:43	Joseph of Arimathaea, an honourable counsellor, which also waited for the kingdom of God, came, and went in boldly unto Pilate, and craved the body of Jesus.	
Mark 15:44	And Pilate marvelled if he were already dead: and calling unto him the centurion, he asked him whether he had been any while dead.	
Mark 15:46	And he bought fine linen, and took him down, and wrapped him in the linen, and laid him in a sepulchre which was hewn out of a rock, and rolled a stone unto the door of the sepulchre.	
Mark 15:47	And Mary Magdalene and Mary the mother of Joses beheld where he was laid.	
Mark 15:9	But Pilate answered them, saying, Will ye that I release unto you the King of the Jews?	
Mark 16:1	And when the sabbath was past, Mary Magdalene, and Mary the mother of James, and Salome, had bought sweet spices, that they might come and anoint him.	
Mark 16:11	And they, when they had heard that he was alive, and had been seen of her, believed not.	
Mark 16:12	After that he appeared in another form unto two of them, as they walked, and went into the country.	
Mark 16:16	He that believeth and is baptized shall be saved; but he that believeth not shall be damned.	
Mark 16:18	They shall take up serpents; and if they drink any deadly thing, it shall not hurt them; they shall lay hands on the sick, and they shall recover.	
Mark 16:20	And they went forth, and preached every where, the Lord working with them, and confirming the word with signs following. Amen.	
Mark 16:5	And entering into the sepulchre, they saw a young man sitting on the right side, clothed in a long white garment; and they were affrighted.	
Mark 1:1	The beginning of the gospel of Jesus Christ, the Son of God;	
Mark 1:13	And he was there in the wilderness forty days, tempted of Satan; and was with the wild beasts; and the angels ministered unto him.	
Mark 1:14	Now after that John was put in prison, Jesus came into Galilee, preaching the gospel of the kingdom of God,	
Mark 1:16	Now as he walked by the sea of Galilee, he saw Simon and Andrew his brother casting a net into the sea: for they were fishers.	
Mark 1:19	And when he had gone a little farther thence, he saw James the son of Zebedee, and John his brother, who also were in the ship mending their nets.	
Mark 1:20	And straightway he called them: and they left their father Zebedee in the ship with the hired servants, and went after him.	
Mark 1:27	And they were all amazed, insomuch that they questioned among themselves, saying, What thing is this? what new doctrine is this? for with authority commandeth he even the unclean spirits, and they do obey him.	
Mark 1:32	And at even, when the sun did set, they brought unto him all that were diseased, and them that were possessed with devils.	
Mark 1:40	And there came a leper to him, beseeching him, and kneeling down to him, and saying unto him, If thou wilt, thou canst make me clean.	
Mark 1:42	And as soon as he had spoken, immediately the leprosy departed from him, and he was cleansed.	
Mark 1:5	And there went out unto him all the land of Judaea, and they of Jerusalem, and were all baptized of him in the river of Jordan, confessing their sins.	
Mark 2:10	But that ye may know that the Son of man hath power on earth to forgive sins, (he saith to the sick of the palsy,)	
Mark 2:19	And Jesus said unto them, Can the children of the bridechamber fast, while the bridegroom is with them? as long as they have the bridegroom with them, they cannot fast.	
Mark 2:20	But the days will come, when the bridegroom shall be taken away from them, and then shall they fast in those days.	
Mark 2:28	Therefore the Son of man is Lord also of the sabbath.	
Mark 2:4	And when they could not come nigh unto him for the press, they uncovered the roof where he was: and when they had broken it up, they let down the bed wherein the sick of the palsy lay.	
Mark 2:5	When Jesus saw their faith, he said unto the sick of the palsy, Son, thy sins be forgiven thee.	
Mark 2:8	And immediately when Jesus perceived in his spirit that they so reasoned within themselves, he said unto them, Why reason ye these things in your hearts?	
Mark 3:10	For he had healed many; insomuch that they pressed upon him for to touch him, as many as had plagues.	
Mark 3:11	And unclean spirits, when they saw him, fell down before him, and cried, saying, Thou art the Son of God.	
Mark 3:14	And he ordained twelve, that they should be with him, and that he might send them forth to preach,	
Mark 3:19	And Judas Iscariot, which also betrayed him: and they went into an house.	
Mark 3:2	And they watched him, whether he would heal him on the sabbath day; that they might accuse him.	
Mark 3:25	And if a house be divided against itself, that house cannot stand.	
Mark 3:27	No man can enter into a strong man's house, and spoil his goods, except he will first bind the strong man; and then he will spoil his house.	
Mark 3:28	Verily I say unto you, All sins shall be forgiven unto the sons of men, and blasphemies wherewith soever they shall blaspheme:	
Mark 3:3	And he saith unto the man which had the withered hand, Stand forth.	
Mark 3:34	And he looked round about on them which sat about him, and said, Behold my mother and my brethren!	
Mark 3:35	For whosoever shall do the will of God, the same is my brother, and my sister, and mother.	
Mark 3:5	And when he had looked round about on them with anger, being grieved for the hardness of their hearts, he saith unto the man, Stretch forth thine hand. And he stretched it out: and his hand was restored whole as the other.	
Mark 3:9	And he spake to his disciples, that a small ship should wait on him because of the multitude, lest they should throng him.	
Mark 4:10	And when he was alone, they that were about him with the twelve asked of him the parable.	
Mark 4:14	The sower soweth the word.	
Mark 4:16	And these are they likewise which are sown on stony ground; who, when they have heard the word, immediately receive it with gladness;	
Mark 4:23	If any man have ears to hear, let him hear.	
Mark 4:24	And he said unto them, Take heed what ye hear: with what measure ye mete, it shall be measured to you: and unto you that hear shall more be given.	
Mark 4:29	But when the fruit is brought forth, immediately he putteth in the sickle, because the harvest is come.	
Mark 4:31	It is like a grain of mustard seed, which, when it is sown in the earth, is less than all the seeds that be in the earth:	
Mark 4:34	But without a parable spake he not unto them: and when they were alone, he expounded all things to his disciples.	
Mark 4:39	And he arose, and rebuked the wind, and said unto the sea, Peace, be still. And the wind ceased, and there was a great calm.	
Mark 4:41	And they feared exceedingly, and said one to another, What manner of man is this, that even the wind and the sea obey him?	
Mark 4:5	And some fell on stony ground, where it had not much earth; and immediately it sprang up, because it had no depth of earth:	
Mark 5:11	Now there was there nigh unto the mountains a great herd of swine feeding.	
Mark 5:14	And they that fed the swine fled, and told it in the city, and in the country. And they went out to see what it was that was done.	
Mark 5:23	And besought him greatly, saying, My little daughter lieth at the point of death: I pray thee, come and lay thy hands on her, that she may be healed; and she shall live.	
Mark 5:28	For she said, If I may touch but his clothes, I shall be whole.	
Mark 5:29	And straightway the fountain of her blood was dried up; and she felt in her body that she was healed of that plague.	
Mark 5:30	And Jesus, immediately knowing in himself that virtue had gone out of him, turned him about in the press, and said, Who touched my clothes?	
Mark 5:35	While he yet spake, there came from the ruler of the synagogue's house certain which said, Thy daughter is dead: why troublest thou the Master any further?	
Mark 5:38	And he cometh to the house of the ruler of the synagogue, and seeth the tumult, and them that wept and wailed greatly.	
Mark 5:40	And they laughed him to scorn. But when he had put them all out, he taketh the father and the mother of the damsel, and them that were with him, and entereth in where the damsel was lying.	
Mark 5:43	And he charged them straitly that no man should know it; and commanded that something should be given her to eat.	
Mark 5:8	For he said unto him, Come out of the man, thou unclean spirit.	
Mark 6:10	And he said unto them, In what place soever ye enter into an house, there abide till ye depart from that place.	
Mark 6:12	And they went out, and preached that men should repent.	
Mark 6:17	For Herod himself had sent forth and laid hold upon John, and bound him in prison for Herodias' sake, his brother Philip's wife: for he had married her.	
Mark 6:23	And he sware unto her, Whatsoever thou shalt ask of me, I will give it thee, unto the half of my kingdom.	
Mark 6:29	And when his disciples heard of it, they came and took up his corpse, and laid it in a tomb.	
Mark 6:30	And the apostles gathered themselves together unto Jesus, and told him all things, both what they had done, and what they had taught.	
Mark 6:31	And he said unto them, Come ye yourselves apart into a desert place, and rest a while: for there were many coming and going, and they had no leisure so much as to eat.	
Mark 6:32	And they departed into a desert place by ship privately.	
Mark 6:34	And Jesus, when he came out, saw much people, and was moved with compassion toward them, because they were as sheep not having a shepherd: and he began to teach them many things.	
Mark 6:38	He saith unto them, How many loaves have ye? go and see. And when they knew, they say, Five, and two fishes.	
Mark 6:42	And they did all eat, and were filled.	
Mark 6:45	And straightway he constrained his disciples to get into the ship, and to go to the other side before unto Bethsaida, while he sent away the people.	
Mark 6:48	And he saw them toiling in rowing; for the wind was contrary unto them: and about the fourth watch of the night he cometh unto them, walking upon the sea, and would have passed by them.	
Mark 6:49	But when they saw him walking upon the sea, they supposed it had been a spirit, and cried out:	
Mark 6:53	And when they had passed over, they came into the land of Gennesaret, and drew to the shore.	
Mark 6:54	And when they were come out of the ship, straightway they knew him,	
Mark 6:6	And he marvelled because of their unbelief. And he went round about the villages, teaching.	
Mark 6:7	And he called unto him the twelve, and began to send them forth by two and two; and gave them power over unclean spirits;	
Mark 6:8	And commanded them that they should take nothing for their journey, save a staff only; no scrip, no bread, no money in their purse:	
Mark 7:1	Then came together unto him the Pharisees, and certain of the scribes, which came from Jerusalem.	
Mark 7:12	And ye suffer him no more to do ought for his father or his mother;	
Mark 7:14	And when he had called all the people unto him, he said unto them, Hearken unto me every one of you, and understand:	
Mark 7:18	And he saith unto them, Are ye so without understanding also? Do ye not perceive, that whatsoever thing from without entereth into the man, it cannot defile him;	
Mark 7:22	Thefts, covetousness, wickedness, deceit, lasciviousness, an evil eye, blasphemy, pride, foolishness:	
Mark 7:29	And he said unto her, For this saying go thy way; the devil is gone out of thy daughter.	
Mark 7:3	For the Pharisees, and all the Jews, except they wash their hands oft, eat not, holding the tradition of the elders.	
Mark 7:33	And he took him aside from the multitude, and put his fingers into his ears, and he spit, and touched his tongue;	
Mark 7:35	And straightway his ears were opened, and the string of his tongue was loosed, and he spake plain.	
Mark 7:5	Then the Pharisees and scribes asked him, Why walk not thy disciples according to the tradition of the elders, but eat bread with unwashen hands?	
Mark 7:7	Howbeit in vain do they worship me, teaching for doctrines the commandments of men.	
Mark 8:13	And he left them, and entering into the ship again departed to the other side.	
Mark 8:19	When I brake the five loaves among five thousand, how many baskets full of fragments took ye up? They say unto him, Twelve.	
Mark 8:29	And he saith unto them, But whom say ye that I am? And Peter answereth and saith unto him, Thou art the Christ.	
Mark 8:3	And if I send them away fasting to their own houses, they will faint by the way: for divers of them came from far.	
Mark 8:31	And he began to teach them, that the Son of man must suffer many things, and be rejected of the elders, and of the chief priests, and scribes, and be killed, and after three days rise again.	
Mark 8:32	And he spake that saying openly. And Peter took him, and began to rebuke him.	
Mark 8:36	For what shall it profit a man, if he shall gain the whole world, and lose his own soul?	
Mark 8:7	And they had a few small fishes: and he blessed, and commanded to set them also before them.	
Mark 8:8	So they did eat, and were filled: and they took up of the broken meat that was left seven baskets.	
Mark 8:9	And they that had eaten were about four thousand: and he sent them away.	
Mark 9:11	And they asked him, saying, Why say the scribes that Elias must first come?	
Mark 9:18	And wheresoever he taketh him, he teareth him: and he foameth, and gnasheth with his teeth, and pineth away: and I spake to thy disciples that they should cast him out; and they could not.	
Mark 9:19	He answereth him, and saith, O faithless generation, how long shall I be with you? how long shall I suffer you? bring him unto me.	
Mark 9:28	And when he was come into the house, his disciples asked him privately, Why could not we cast him out?	
Mark 9:30	And they departed thence, and passed through Galilee; and he would not that any man should know it.	
Mark 9:33	And he came to Capernaum: and being in the house he asked them, What was it that ye disputed among yourselves by the way?	
Mark 9:34	But they held their peace: for by the way they had disputed among themselves, who should be the greatest.	
Mark 9:36	And he took a child, and set him in the midst of them: and when he had taken him in his arms, he said unto them,	
Mark 9:39	But Jesus said, Forbid him not: for there is no man which shall do a miracle in my name, that can lightly speak evil of me.	
Mark 9:45	And if thy foot offend thee, cut it off: it is better for thee to enter halt into life, than having two feet to be cast into hell, into the fire that never shall be quenched:	
Mark 9:49	For every one shall be salted with fire, and every sacrifice shall be salted with salt.	
Mark 9:5	And Peter answered and said to Jesus, Master, it is good for us to be here: and let us make three tabernacles; one for thee, and one for Moses, and one for Elias.	
Mark 9:50	Salt is good: but if the salt have lost his saltness, wherewith will ye season it? Have salt in yourselves, and have peace one with another.	
Mark 9:7	And there was a cloud that overshadowed them: and a voice came out of the cloud, saying, This is my beloved Son: hear him.	
Matthew 10:16	Behold, I send you forth as sheep in the midst of wolves: be ye therefore wise as serpents, and harmless as doves.	
Matthew 10:19	But when they deliver you up, take no thought how or what ye shall speak: for it shall be given you in that same hour what ye shall speak.	
Matthew 10:20	For it is not ye that speak, but the Spirit of your Father which speaketh in you.	
Matthew 10:21	And the brother shall deliver up the brother to death, and the father the child: and the children shall rise up against their parents, and cause them to be put to death.	
Matthew 10:26	Fear them not therefore: for there is nothing covered, that shall not be revealed; and hid, that shall not be known.	
Matthew 10:29	Are not two sparrows sold for a farthing? and one of them shall not fall on the ground without your Father.	
Matthew 10:3	Philip, and Bartholomew; Thomas, and Matthew the publican; James the son of Alphaeus, and Lebbaeus, whose surname was Thaddaeus;	
Matthew 10:31	Fear ye not therefore, ye are of more value than many sparrows.	
Matthew 10:35	For I am come to set a man at variance against his father, and the daughter against her mother, and the daughter in law against her mother in law.	
Matthew 10:36	And a man's foes shall be they of his own household.	
Matthew 10:39	He that findeth his life shall lose it: and he that loseth his life for my sake shall find it.	
Matthew 10:40	He that receiveth you receiveth me, and he that receiveth me receiveth him that sent me.	
Matthew 10:8	Heal the sick, cleanse the lepers, raise the dead, cast out devils: freely ye have received, freely give.	
Matthew 10:9	Provide neither gold, nor silver, nor brass in your purses,	
Matthew 11:1	And it came to pass, when Jesus had made an end of commanding his twelve disciples, he departed thence to teach and to preach in their cities.	
Matthew 11:11	Verily I say unto you, Among them that are born of women there hath not risen a greater than John the Baptist: notwithstanding he that is least in the kingdom of heaven is greater than he.	
Matthew 11:12	And from the days of John the Baptist until now the kingdom of heaven suffereth violence, and the violent take it by force.	
Matthew 11:13	For all the prophets and the law prophesied until John.	
Matthew 11:15	He that hath ears to hear, let him hear.	
Matthew 11:17	And saying, We have piped unto you, and ye have not danced; we have mourned unto you, and ye have not lamented.	
Matthew 11:18	For John came neither eating nor drinking, and they say, He hath a devil.	
Matthew 11:2	Now when John had heard in the prison the works of Christ, he sent two of his disciples,	
Matthew 11:20	Then began he to upbraid the cities wherein most of his mighty works were done, because they repented not:	
Matthew 11:21	Woe unto thee, Chorazin! woe unto thee, Bethsaida! for if the mighty works, which were done in you, had been done in Tyre and Sidon, they would have repented long ago in sackcloth and ashes.	
Matthew 11:27	All things are delivered unto me of my Father: and no man knoweth the Son, but the Father; neither knoweth any man the Father, save the Son, and he to whomsoever the Son will reveal him.	
Matthew 11:29	Take my yoke upon you, and learn of me; for I am meek and lowly in heart: and ye shall find rest unto your souls.	
Matthew 11:4	Jesus answered and said unto them, Go and shew John again those things which ye do hear and see:	
Matthew 12:1	At that time Jesus went on the sabbath day through the corn; and his disciples were an hungred, and began to pluck the ears of corn and to eat.	
Matthew 12:13	Then saith he to the man, Stretch forth thine hand. And he stretched it forth; and it was restored whole, like as the other.	
Matthew 12:14	Then the Pharisees went out, and held a council against him, how they might destroy him.	
Matthew 12:20	A bruised reed shall he not break, and smoking flax shall he not quench, till he send forth judgment unto victory.	
Matthew 12:22	Then was brought unto him one possessed with a devil, blind, and dumb: and he healed him, insomuch that the blind and dumb both spake and saw.	
Matthew 12:25	And Jesus knew their thoughts, and said unto them, Every kingdom divided against itself is brought to desolation; and every city or house divided against itself shall not stand:	
Matthew 12:29	Or else how can one enter into a strong man's house, and spoil his goods, except he first bind the strong man? and then he will spoil his house.	
Matthew 12:47	Then one said unto him, Behold, thy mother and thy brethren stand without, desiring to speak with thee.	
Matthew 12:48	But he answered and said unto him that told him, Who is my mother? and who are my brethren?	
Matthew 12:5	Or have ye not read in the law, how that on the sabbath days the priests in the temple profane the sabbath, and are blameless?	
Matthew 12:9	And when he was departed thence, he went into their synagogue:	
Matthew 13:12	For whosoever hath, to him shall be given, and he shall have more abundance: but whosoever hath not, from him shall be taken away even that he hath.	
Matthew 13:14	And in them is fulfilled the prophecy of Esaias, which saith, By hearing ye shall hear, and shall not understand; and seeing ye shall see, and shall not perceive:	
Matthew 13:17	For verily I say unto you, That many prophets and righteous men have desired to see those things which ye see, and have not seen them; and to hear those things which ye hear, and have not heard them.	
Matthew 13:21	Yet hath he not root in himself, but dureth for a while: for when tribulation or persecution ariseth because of the word, by and by he is offended.	
Matthew 13:23	But he that received seed into the good ground is he that heareth the word, and understandeth it; which also beareth fruit, and bringeth forth, some an hundredfold, some sixty, some thirty.	
Matthew 13:28	He said unto them, An enemy hath done this. The servants said unto him, Wilt thou then that we go and gather them up?	
Matthew 13:29	But he said, Nay; lest while ye gather up the tares, ye root up also the wheat with them.	
Matthew 13:37	He answered and said unto them, He that soweth the good seed is the Son of man;	
Matthew 13:39	The enemy that sowed them is the devil; the harvest is the end of the world; and the reapers are the angels.	
Matthew 13:4	And when he sowed, some seeds fell by the way side, and the fowls came and devoured them up:	
Matthew 13:40	As therefore the tares are gathered and burned in the fire; so shall it be in the end of this world.	
Matthew 13:43	Then shall the righteous shine forth as the sun in the kingdom of their Father. Who hath ears to hear, let him hear.	
Matthew 13:44	Again, the kingdom of heaven is like unto treasure hid in a field; the which when a man hath found, he hideth, and for joy thereof goeth and selleth all that he hath, and buyeth that field.	
Matthew 13:47	Again, the kingdom of heaven is like unto a net, that was cast into the sea, and gathered of every kind:	
Matthew 13:50	And shall cast them into the furnace of fire: there shall be wailing and gnashing of teeth.	
Matthew 13:53	And it came to pass, that when Jesus had finished these parables, he departed thence.	
Matthew 13:54	And when he was come into his own country, he taught them in their synagogue, insomuch that they were astonished, and said, Whence hath this man this wisdom, and these mighty works?	
Matthew 13:55	Is not this the carpenter's son? is not his mother called Mary? and his brethren, James, and Joses, and Simon, and Judas?	
Matthew 13:56	And his sisters, are they not all with us? Whence then hath this man all these things?	
Matthew 13:8	But other fell into good ground, and brought forth fruit, some an hundredfold, some sixtyfold, some thirtyfold.	
Matthew 14:3	For Herod had laid hold on John, and bound him, and put him in prison for Herodias' sake, his brother Philip's wife.	
Matthew 14:30	But when he saw the wind boisterous, he was afraid; and beginning to sink, he cried, saying, Lord, save me.	
Matthew 14:36	And besought him that they might only touch the hem of his garment: and as many as touched were made perfectly whole.	
Matthew 14:4	For John said unto him, It is not lawful for thee to have her.	
Matthew 14:8	And she, being before instructed of her mother, said, Give me here John Baptist's head in a charger.	
Matthew 15:18	But those things which proceed out of the mouth come forth from the heart; and they defile the man.	
Matthew 15:2	Why do thy disciples transgress the tradition of the elders? for they wash not their hands when they eat bread.	
Matthew 15:20	These are the things which defile a man: but to eat with unwashen hands defileth not a man.	
Matthew 15:21	Then Jesus went thence, and departed into the coasts of Tyre and Sidon.	
Matthew 15:22	And, behold, a woman of Canaan came out of the same coasts, and cried unto him, saying, Have mercy on me, O Lord, thou son of David; my daughter is grievously vexed with a devil.	
Matthew 15:26	But he answered and said, It is not meet to take the children's bread, and to cast it to dogs.	
Matthew 15:28	Then Jesus answered and said unto her, O woman, great is thy faith: be it unto thee even as thou wilt. And her daughter was made whole from that very hour.	
Matthew 15:3	But he answered and said unto them, Why do ye also transgress the commandment of God by your tradition?	
Matthew 15:31	Insomuch that the multitude wondered, when they saw the dumb to speak, the maimed to be whole, the lame to walk, and the blind to see: and they glorified the God of Israel.	
Matthew 15:32	Then Jesus called his disciples unto him, and said, I have compassion on the multitude, because they continue with me now three days, and have nothing to eat: and I will not send them away fasting, lest they faint in the way.	
Matthew 15:34	And Jesus saith unto them, How many loaves have ye? And they said, Seven, and a few little fishes.	
Matthew 16:12	Then understood they how that he bade them not beware of the leaven of bread, but of the doctrine of the Pharisees and of the Sadducees.	
Matthew 16:17	And Jesus answered and said unto him, Blessed art thou, Simon Barjona: for flesh and blood hath not revealed it unto thee, but my Father which is in heaven.	
Matthew 16:20	Then charged he his disciples that they should tell no man that he was Jesus the Christ.	
Matthew 16:24	Then said Jesus unto his disciples, If any man will come after me, let him deny himself, and take up his cross, and follow me.	
Matthew 16:7	And they reasoned among themselves, saying, It is because we have taken no bread.	
Matthew 17:10	And his disciples asked him, saying, Why then say the scribes that Elias must first come?	
Matthew 17:14	And when they were come to the multitude, there came to him a certain man, kneeling down to him, and saying,	
Matthew 17:24	And when they were come to Capernaum, they that received tribute money came to Peter, and said, Doth not your master pay tribute?	
Matthew 17:5	While he yet spake, behold, a bright cloud overshadowed them: and behold a voice out of the cloud, which said, This is my beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased; hear ye him.	
Matthew 17:6	And when the disciples heard it, they fell on their face, and were sore afraid.	
Matthew 17:9	And as they came down from the mountain, Jesus charged them, saying, Tell the vision to no man, until the Son of man be risen again from the dead.	
Matthew 18:22	Jesus saith unto him, I say not unto thee, Until seven times: but, Until seventy times seven.	
Matthew 18:26	The servant therefore fell down, and worshipped him, saying, Lord, have patience with me, and I will pay thee all.	
Matthew 18:28	But the same servant went out, and found one of his fellowservants, which owed him an hundred pence: and he laid hands on him, and took him by the throat, saying, Pay me that thou owest.	
Matthew 18:29	And his fellowservant fell down at his feet, and besought him, saying, Have patience with me, and I will pay thee all.	
Matthew 18:5	And whoso shall receive one such little child in my name receiveth me.	
Matthew 18:6	But whoso shall offend one of these little ones which believe in me, it were better for him that a millstone were hanged about his neck, and that he were drowned in the depth of the sea.	
Matthew 18:8	Wherefore if thy hand or thy foot offend thee, cut them off, and cast them from thee: it is better for thee to enter into life halt or maimed, rather than having two hands or two feet to be cast into everlasting fire.	
Matthew 19:13	Then were there brought unto him little children, that he should put his hands on them, and pray: and the disciples rebuked them.	
Matthew 19:17	And he said unto him, Why callest thou me good? there is none good but one, that is, God: but if thou wilt enter into life, keep the commandments.	
Matthew 19:18	He saith unto him, Which? Jesus said, Thou shalt do no murder, Thou shalt not commit adultery, Thou shalt not steal, Thou shalt not bear false witness,	
Matthew 19:2	And great multitudes followed him; and he healed them there.	
Matthew 19:21	Jesus said unto him, If thou wilt be perfect, go and sell that thou hast, and give to the poor, and thou shalt have treasure in heaven: and come and follow me.	
Matthew 19:24	And again I say unto you, It is easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle, than for a rich man to enter into the kingdom of God.	
Matthew 19:27	Then answered Peter and said unto him, Behold, we have forsaken all, and followed thee; what shall we have therefore?	
Matthew 19:28	And Jesus said unto them, Verily I say unto you, That ye which have followed me, in the regeneration when the Son of man shall sit in the throne of his glory, ye also shall sit upon twelve thrones, judging the twelve tribes of Israel.	
Matthew 19:4	And he answered and said unto them, Have ye not read, that he which made them at the beginning made them male and female,	
Matthew 19:6	Wherefore they are no more twain, but one flesh. What therefore God hath joined together, let not man put asunder.	
Matthew 19:9	And I say unto you, Whosoever shall put away his wife, except it be for fornication, and shall marry another, committeth adultery: and whoso marrieth her which is put away doth commit adultery.	
Matthew 1:14	And Azor begat Sadoc; and Sadoc begat Achim; and Achim begat Eliud;	
Matthew 1:18	Now the birth of Jesus Christ was on this wise: When as his mother Mary was espoused to Joseph, before they came together, she was found with child of the Holy Ghost.	
Matthew 1:19	Then Joseph her husband, being a just man, and not willing to make her a publick example, was minded to put her away privily.	
Matthew 20:10	But when the first came, they supposed that they should have received more; and they likewise received every man a penny.	
Matthew 20:11	And when they had received it, they murmured against the goodman of the house,	
Matthew 20:13	But he answered one of them, and said, Friend, I do thee no wrong: didst not thou agree with me for a penny?	
Matthew 20:14	Take that thine is, and go thy way: I will give unto this last, even as unto thee.	
Matthew 20:16	So the last shall be first, and the first last: for many be called, but few chosen.	
Matthew 20:29	And as they departed from Jericho, a great multitude followed him.	
Matthew 20:3	And he went out about the third hour, and saw others standing idle in the marketplace,	
Matthew 20:31	And the multitude rebuked them, because they should hold their peace: but they cried the more, saying, Have mercy on us, O Lord, thou son of David.	
Matthew 20:6	And about the eleventh hour he went out, and found others standing idle, and saith unto them, Why stand ye here all the day idle?	
Matthew 20:7	They say unto him, Because no man hath hired us. He saith unto them, Go ye also into the vineyard; and whatsoever is right, that shall ye receive.	
Matthew 20:9	And when they came that were hired about the eleventh hour, they received every man a penny.	
Matthew 21:1	And when they drew nigh unto Jerusalem, and were come to Bethphage, unto the mount of Olives, then sent Jesus two disciples,	
Matthew 21:11	And the multitude said, This is Jesus the prophet of Nazareth of Galilee.	
Matthew 21:14	And the blind and the lame came to him in the temple; and he healed them.	
Matthew 21:15	And when the chief priests and scribes saw the wonderful things that he did, and the children crying in the temple, and saying, Hosanna to the son of David; they were sore displeased,	
Matthew 21:23	And when he was come into the temple, the chief priests and the elders of the people came unto him as he was teaching, and said, By what authority doest thou these things? and who gave thee this authority?	
Matthew 21:28	But what think ye? A certain man had two sons; and he came to the first, and said, Son, go work to day in my vineyard.	
Matthew 21:3	And if any man say ought unto you, ye shall say, The Lord hath need of them; and straightway he will send them.	
Matthew 21:32	For John came unto you in the way of righteousness, and ye believed him not: but the publicans and the harlots believed him: and ye, when ye had seen it, repented not afterward, that ye might believe him.	
Matthew 21:33	Hear another parable: There was a certain householder, which planted a vineyard, and hedged it round about, and digged a winepress in it, and built a tower, and let it out to husbandmen, and went into a far country:	
Matthew 21:34	And when the time of the fruit drew near, he sent his servants to the husbandmen, that they might receive the fruits of it.	
Matthew 21:38	But when the husbandmen saw the son, they said among themselves, This is the heir; come, let us kill him, and let us seize on his inheritance.	
Matthew 21:39	And they caught him, and cast him out of the vineyard, and slew him.	
Matthew 21:40	When the lord therefore of the vineyard cometh, what will he do unto those husbandmen?	
Matthew 21:42	Jesus saith unto them, Did ye never read in the scriptures, The stone which the builders rejected, the same is become the head of the corner: this is the Lord's doing, and it is marvellous in our eyes?	
Matthew 21:46	But when they sought to lay hands on him, they feared the multitude, because they took him for a prophet.	
Matthew 21:9	And the multitudes that went before, and that followed, cried, saying, Hosanna to the son of David: Blessed is he that cometh in the name of the Lord; Hosanna in the highest.	
Matthew 22:10	So those servants went out into the highways, and gathered together all as many as they found, both bad and good: and the wedding was furnished with guests.	
Matthew 22:11	And when the king came in to see the guests, he saw there a man which had not on a wedding garment:	
Matthew 22:12	And he saith unto him, Friend, how camest thou in hither not having a wedding garment? And he was speechless.	
Matthew 22:13	Then said the king to the servants, Bind him hand and foot, and take him away, and cast him into outer darkness, there shall be weeping and gnashing of teeth.	
Matthew 22:19	Shew me the tribute money. And they brought unto him a penny.	
Matthew 22:27	And last of all the woman died also.	
Matthew 22:35	Then one of them, which was a lawyer, asked him a question, tempting him, and saying,	
Matthew 22:36	Master, which is the great commandment in the law?	
Matthew 22:4	Again, he sent forth other servants, saying, Tell them which are bidden, Behold, I have prepared my dinner: my oxen and my fatlings are killed, and all things are ready: come unto the marriage.	
Matthew 22:6	And the remnant took his servants, and entreated them spitefully, and slew them.	
Matthew 22:7	But when the king heard thereof, he was wroth: and he sent forth his armies, and destroyed those murderers, and burned up their city.	
Matthew 22:9	Go ye therefore into the highways, and as many as ye shall find, bid to the marriage.	
Matthew 23:1	Then spake Jesus to the multitude, and to his disciples,	
Matthew 23:15	Woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! for ye compass sea and land to make one proselyte, and when he is made, ye make him twofold more the child of hell than yourselves.	
Matthew 23:19	Ye fools and blind: for whether is greater, the gift, or the altar that sanctifieth the gift?	
Matthew 23:2	Saying The scribes and the Pharisees sit in Moses' seat:	
Matthew 23:25	Woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! for ye make clean the outside of the cup and of the platter, but within they are full of extortion and excess.	
Matthew 23:35	That upon you may come all the righteous blood shed upon the earth, from the blood of righteous Abel unto the blood of Zacharias son of Barachias, whom ye slew between the temple and the altar.	
Matthew 23:5	But all their works they do for to be seen of men: they make broad their phylacteries, and enlarge the borders of their garments,	
Matthew 24:14	And this gospel of the kingdom shall be preached in all the world for a witness unto all nations; and then shall the end come.	
Matthew 24:20	But pray ye that your flight be not in the winter, neither on the sabbath day:	
Matthew 24:26	Wherefore if they shall say unto you, Behold, he is in the desert; go not forth: behold, he is in the secret chambers; believe it not.	
Matthew 24:30	And then shall appear the sign of the Son of man in heaven: and then shall all the tribes of the earth mourn, and they shall see the Son of man coming in the clouds of heaven with power and great glory.	
Matthew 24:36	But of that day and hour knoweth no man, no, not the angels of heaven, but my Father only.	
Matthew 24:43	But know this, that if the goodman of the house had known in what watch the thief would come, he would have watched, and would not have suffered his house to be broken up.	
Matthew 24:48	But and if that evil servant shall say in his heart, My lord delayeth his coming;	
Matthew 24:50	The lord of that servant shall come in a day when he looketh not for him, and in an hour that he is not aware of,	
Matthew 24:7	For nation shall rise against nation, and kingdom against kingdom: and there shall be famines, and pestilences, and earthquakes, in divers places.	
Matthew 24:8	All these are the beginning of sorrows.	
Matthew 25:15	And unto one he gave five talents, to another two, and to another one; to every man according to his several ability; and straightway took his journey.	
Matthew 25:22	He also that had received two talents came and said, Lord, thou deliveredst unto me two talents: behold, I have gained two other talents beside them.	
Matthew 25:25	And I was afraid, and went and hid thy talent in the earth: lo, there thou hast that is thine.	
Matthew 25:26	His lord answered and said unto him, Thou wicked and slothful servant, thou knewest that I reap where I sowed not, and gather where I have not strawed:	
Matthew 25:30	And cast ye the unprofitable servant into outer darkness: there shall be weeping and gnashing of teeth.	
Matthew 25:33	And he shall set the sheep on his right hand, but the goats on the left.	
Matthew 25:35	For I was an hungred, and ye gave me meat: I was thirsty, and ye gave me drink: I was a stranger, and ye took me in:	
Matthew 25:37	Then shall the righteous answer him, saying, Lord, when saw we thee an hungred, and fed thee? or thirsty, and gave thee drink?	
Matthew 25:39	Or when saw we thee sick, or in prison, and came unto thee?	
Matthew 25:41	Then shall he say also unto them on the left hand, Depart from me, ye cursed, into everlasting fire, prepared for the devil and his angels:	
Matthew 25:43	I was a stranger, and ye took me not in: naked, and ye clothed me not: sick, and in prison, and ye visited me not.	
Matthew 25:5	While the bridegroom tarried, they all slumbered and slept.	
Matthew 25:6	And at midnight there was a cry made, Behold, the bridegroom cometh; go ye out to meet him.	
Matthew 26:13	Verily I say unto you, Wheresoever this gospel shall be preached in the whole world, there shall also this, that this woman hath done, be told for a memorial of her.	
Matthew 26:15	And said unto them, What will ye give me, and I will deliver him unto you? And they covenanted with him for thirty pieces of silver.	
Matthew 26:19	And the disciples did as Jesus had appointed them; and they made ready the passover.	
Matthew 26:28	For this is my blood of the new testament, which is shed for many for the remission of sins.	
Matthew 26:29	But I say unto you, I will not drink henceforth of this fruit of the vine, until that day when I drink it new with you in my Father's kingdom.	
Matthew 26:30	And when they had sung an hymn, they went out into the mount of Olives.	
Matthew 26:38	Then saith he unto them, My soul is exceeding sorrowful, even unto death: tarry ye here, and watch with me.	
Matthew 26:40	And he cometh unto the disciples, and findeth them asleep, and saith unto Peter, What, could ye not watch with me one hour?	
Matthew 26:49	And forthwith he came to Jesus, and said, Hail, master; and kissed him.	
Matthew 26:57	And they that had laid hold on Jesus led him away to Caiaphas the high priest, where the scribes and the elders were assembled.	
Matthew 26:60	But found none: yea, though many false witnesses came, yet found they none. At the last came two false witnesses,	
Matthew 26:63	But Jesus held his peace, And the high priest answered and said unto him, I adjure thee by the living God, that thou tell us whether thou be the Christ, the Son of God.	
Matthew 26:65	Then the high priest rent his clothes, saying, He hath spoken blasphemy; what further need have we of witnesses? behold, now ye have heard his blasphemy.	
Matthew 26:69	Now Peter sat without in the palace: and a damsel came unto him, saying, Thou also wast with Jesus of Galilee.	
Matthew 26:7	There came unto him a woman having an alabaster box of very precious ointment, and poured it on his head, as he sat at meat.	
Matthew 26:73	And after a while came unto him they that stood by, and said to Peter, Surely thou also art one of them; for thy speech bewrayeth thee.	
Matthew 27:11	And Jesus stood before the governor: and the governor asked him, saying, Art thou the King of the Jews? And Jesus said unto him, Thou sayest.	
Matthew 27:18	For he knew that for envy they had delivered him.	
Matthew 27:2	And when they had bound him, they led him away, and delivered him to Pontius Pilate the governor.	
Matthew 27:21	The governor answered and said unto them, Whether of the twain will ye that I release unto you? They said, Barabbas.	
Matthew 27:24	When Pilate saw that he could prevail nothing, but that rather a tumult was made, he took water, and washed his hands before the multitude, saying, I am innocent of the blood of this just person: see ye to it.	
Matthew 27:25	Then answered all the people, and said, His blood be on us, and on our children.	
Matthew 27:29	And when they had platted a crown of thorns, they put it upon his head, and a reed in his right hand: and they bowed the knee before him, and mocked him, saying, Hail, King of the Jews!	
Matthew 27:3	Then Judas, which had betrayed him, when he saw that he was condemned, repented himself, and brought again the thirty pieces of silver to the chief priests and elders,	
Matthew 27:34	They gave him vinegar to drink mingled with gall: and when he had tasted thereof, he would not drink.	
Matthew 27:36	And sitting down they watched him there;	
Matthew 27:38	Then were there two thieves crucified with him, one on the right hand, and another on the left.	
Matthew 27:39	And they that passed by reviled him, wagging their heads,	
Matthew 27:4	Saying, I have sinned in that I have betrayed the innocent blood. And they said, What is that to us? see thou to that.	
Matthew 27:45	Now from the sixth hour there was darkness over all the land unto the ninth hour.	
Matthew 27:48	And straightway one of them ran, and took a spunge, and filled it with vinegar, and put it on a reed, and gave him to drink.	
Matthew 27:51	And, behold, the veil of the temple was rent in twain from the top to the bottom; and the earth did quake, and the rocks rent;	
Matthew 27:53	And came out of the graves after his resurrection, and went into the holy city, and appeared unto many.	
Matthew 27:59	And when Joseph had taken the body, he wrapped it in a clean linen cloth,	
Matthew 27:6	And the chief priests took the silver pieces, and said, It is not lawful for to put them into the treasury, because it is the price of blood.	
Matthew 27:60	And laid it in his own new tomb, which he had hewn out in the rock: and he rolled a great stone to the door of the sepulchre, and departed.	
Matthew 27:62	Now the next day, that followed the day of the preparation, the chief priests and Pharisees came together unto Pilate,	
Matthew 27:66	So they went, and made the sepulchre sure, sealing the stone, and setting a watch.	
Matthew 28:11	Now when they were going, behold, some of the watch came into the city, and shewed unto the chief priests all the things that were done.	
Matthew 28:13	Saying, Say ye, His disciples came by night, and stole him away while we slept.	
Matthew 28:4	And for fear of him the keepers did shake, and became as dead men.	
Matthew 2:1	Now when Jesus was born in Bethlehem of Judaea in the days of Herod the king, behold, there came wise men from the east to Jerusalem,	
Matthew 2:21	And he arose, and took the young child and his mother, and came into the land of Israel.	
Matthew 2:4	And when he had gathered all the chief priests and scribes of the people together, he demanded of them where Christ should be born.	
Matthew 2:8	And he sent them to Bethlehem, and said, Go and search diligently for the young child; and when ye have found him, bring me word again, that I may come and worship him also.	
Matthew 2:9	When they had heard the king, they departed; and, lo, the star, which they saw in the east, went before them, till it came and stood over where the young child was.	
Matthew 3:1	In those days came John the Baptist, preaching in the wilderness of Judaea,	
Matthew 3:12	Whose fan is in his hand, and he will throughly purge his floor, and gather his wheat into the garner; but he will burn up the chaff with unquenchable fire.	
Matthew 3:14	But John forbad him, saying, I have need to be baptized of thee, and comest thou to me?	
Matthew 3:17	And lo a voice from heaven, saying, This is my beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased.	
Matthew 3:6	And were baptized of him in Jordan, confessing their sins.	
Matthew 4:13	And leaving Nazareth, he came and dwelt in Capernaum, which is upon the sea coast, in the borders of Zabulon and Nephthalim:	
Matthew 4:19	And he saith unto them, Follow me, and I will make you fishers of men.	
Matthew 4:20	And they straightway left their nets, and followed him.	
Matthew 4:21	And going on from thence, he saw other two brethren, James the son of Zebedee, and John his brother, in a ship with Zebedee their father, mending their nets; and he called them.	
Matthew 4:3	And when the tempter came to him, he said, If thou be the Son of God, command that these stones be made bread.	
Matthew 5:1	And seeing the multitudes, he went up into a mountain: and when he was set, his disciples came unto him:	
Matthew 5:10	Blessed are they which are persecuted for righteousness' sake: for theirs is the kingdom of heaven.	
Matthew 5:12	Rejoice, and be exceeding glad: for great is your reward in heaven: for so persecuted they the prophets which were before you.	
Matthew 5:13	Ye are the salt of the earth: but if the salt have lost his savour, wherewith shall it be salted? it is thenceforth good for nothing, but to be cast out, and to be trodden under foot of men.	
Matthew 5:15	Neither do men light a candle, and put it under a bushel, but on a candlestick; and it giveth light unto all that are in the house.	
Matthew 5:23	Therefore if thou bring thy gift to the altar, and there rememberest that thy brother hath ought against thee;	
Matthew 5:27	Ye have heard that it was said by them of old time, Thou shalt not commit adultery:	
Matthew 5:34	But I say unto you, Swear not at all; neither by heaven; for it is God's throne:	
Matthew 5:39	But I say unto you, That ye resist not evil: but whosoever shall smite thee on thy right cheek, turn to him the other also.	
Matthew 5:4	Blessed are they that mourn: for they shall be comforted.	
Matthew 5:44	But I say unto you, Love your enemies, bless them that curse you, do good to them that hate you, and pray for them which despitefully use you, and persecute you;	
Matthew 5:5	Blessed are the meek: for they shall inherit the earth.	
Matthew 6:13	And lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil: For thine is the kingdom, and the power, and the glory, for ever. Amen.	
Matthew 6:15	But if ye forgive not men their trespasses, neither will your Father forgive your trespasses.	
Matthew 6:16	Moreover when ye fast, be not, as the hypocrites, of a sad countenance: for they disfigure their faces, that they may appear unto men to fast. Verily I say unto you, They have their reward.	
Matthew 6:21	For where your treasure is, there will your heart be also.	
Matthew 6:26	Behold the fowls of the air: for they sow not, neither do they reap, nor gather into barns; yet your heavenly Father feedeth them. Are ye not much better than they?	
Matthew 6:28	And why take ye thought for raiment? Consider the lilies of the field, how they grow; they toil not, neither do they spin:	
Matthew 6:3	But when thou doest alms, let not thy left hand know what thy right hand doeth:	
Matthew 6:34	Take therefore no thought for the morrow: for the morrow shall take thought for the things of itself. Sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof.	
Matthew 6:4	That thine alms may be in secret: and thy Father which seeth in secret himself shall reward thee openly.	
Matthew 6:6	But thou, when thou prayest, enter into thy closet, and when thou hast shut thy door, pray to thy Father which is in secret; and thy Father which seeth in secret shall reward thee openly.	
Matthew 7:11	If ye then, being evil, know how to give good gifts unto your children, how much more shall your Father which is in heaven give good things to them that ask him?	
Matthew 7:15	Beware of false prophets, which come to you in sheep's clothing, but inwardly they are ravening wolves.	
Matthew 7:16	Ye shall know them by their fruits. Do men gather grapes of thorns, or figs of thistles?	
Matthew 7:17	Even so every good tree bringeth forth good fruit; but a corrupt tree bringeth forth evil fruit.	
Matthew 7:19	Every tree that bringeth not forth good fruit is hewn down, and cast into the fire.	
Matthew 7:23	And then will I profess unto them, I never knew you: depart from me, ye that work iniquity.	
Matthew 7:24	Therefore whosoever heareth these sayings of mine, and doeth them, I will liken him unto a wise man, which built his house upon a rock:	
Matthew 7:26	And every one that heareth these sayings of mine, and doeth them not, shall be likened unto a foolish man, which built his house upon the sand:	
Matthew 7:27	And the rain descended, and the floods came, and the winds blew, and beat upon that house; and it fell: and great was the fall of it.	
Matthew 7:3	And why beholdest thou the mote that is in thy brother's eye, but considerest not the beam that is in thine own eye?	
Matthew 7:6	Give not that which is holy unto the dogs, neither cast ye your pearls before swine, lest they trample them under their feet, and turn again and rend you.	
Matthew 8:1	When he was come down from the mountain, great multitudes followed him.	
Matthew 8:11	And I say unto you, That many shall come from the east and west, and shall sit down with Abraham, and Isaac, and Jacob, in the kingdom of heaven.	
Matthew 8:13	And Jesus said unto the centurion, Go thy way; and as thou hast believed, so be it done unto thee. And his servant was healed in the selfsame hour.	
Matthew 8:14	And when Jesus was come into Peter's house, he saw his wife's mother laid, and sick of a fever.	
Matthew 8:23	And when he was entered into a ship, his disciples followed him.	
Matthew 8:27	But the men marvelled, saying, What manner of man is this, that even the winds and the sea obey him!	
Matthew 8:28	And when he was come to the other side into the country of the Gergesenes, there met him two possessed with devils, coming out of the tombs, exceeding fierce, so that no man might pass by that way.	
Matthew 8:3	And Jesus put forth his hand, and touched him, saying, I will; be thou clean. And immediately his leprosy was cleansed.	
Matthew 8:33	And they that kept them fled, and went their ways into the city, and told every thing, and what was befallen to the possessed of the devils.	
Matthew 8:9	For I am a man under authority, having soldiers under me: and I say to this man, Go, and he goeth; and to another, Come, and he cometh; and to my servant, Do this, and he doeth it.	
Matthew 9:13	But go ye and learn what that meaneth, I will have mercy, and not sacrifice: for I am not come to call the righteous, but sinners to repentance.	
Matthew 9:14	Then came to him the disciples of John, saying, Why do we and the Pharisees fast oft, but thy disciples fast not?	
Matthew 9:16	No man putteth a piece of new cloth unto an old garment, for that which is put in to fill it up taketh from the garment, and the rent is made worse.	
Matthew 9:17	Neither do men put new wine into old bottles: else the bottles break, and the wine runneth out, and the bottles perish: but they put new wine into new bottles, and both are preserved.	
Matthew 9:2	And, behold, they brought to him a man sick of the palsy, lying on a bed: and Jesus seeing their faith said unto the sick of the palsy; Son, be of good cheer; thy sins be forgiven thee.	
Matthew 9:21	For she said within herself, If I may but touch his garment, I shall be whole.	
Matthew 9:29	Then touched he their eyes, saying, According to your faith be it unto you.	
Matthew 9:38	Pray ye therefore the Lord of the harvest, that he will send forth labourers into his harvest.	
Matthew 9:8	But when the multitudes saw it, they marvelled, and glorified God, which had given such power unto men.	
Matthew 9:9	And as Jesus passed forth from thence, he saw a man, named Matthew, sitting at the receipt of custom: and he saith unto him, Follow me. And he arose, and followed him.	
Micah 1:10	Declare ye it not at Gath, weep ye not at all: in the house of Aphrah roll thyself in the dust.	
Micah 1:11	Pass ye away, thou inhabitant of Saphir, having thy shame naked: the inhabitant of Zaanan came not forth in the mourning of Bethezel; he shall receive of you his standing.	
Micah 1:13	O thou inhabitant of Lachish, bind the chariot to the swift beast: she is the beginning of the sin to the daughter of Zion: for the transgressions of Israel were found in thee.	
Micah 1:16	Make thee bald, and poll thee for thy delicate children; enlarge thy baldness as the eagle; for they are gone into captivity from thee.	
Micah 1:7	And all the graven images thereof shall be beaten to pieces, and all the hires thereof shall be burned with the fire, and all the idols thereof will I lay desolate: for she gathered it of the hire of an harlot, and they shall return to the hire of an harlot.	
Micah 1:9	For her wound is incurable; for it is come unto Judah; he is come unto the gate of my people, even to Jerusalem.	
Micah 2:1	Woe to them that devise iniquity, and work evil upon their beds! when the morning is light, they practise it, because it is in the power of their hand.	
Micah 3:11	The heads thereof judge for reward, and the priests thereof teach for hire, and the prophets thereof divine for money: yet will they lean upon the LORD, and say, Is not the LORD among us? none evil can come upon us.	
Micah 3:2	Who hate the good, and love the evil; who pluck off their skin from off them, and their flesh from off their bones;	
Micah 3:6	Therefore night shall be unto you, that ye shall not have a vision; and it shall be dark unto you, that ye shall not divine; and the sun shall go down over the prophets, and the day shall be dark over them.	
Micah 4:10	Be in pain, and labour to bring forth, O daughter of Zion, like a woman in travail: for now shalt thou go forth out of the city, and thou shalt dwell in the field, and thou shalt go even to Babylon; there shalt thou be delivered; there the LORD shall redeem thee from the hand of thine enemies.	
Micah 4:4	But they shall sit every man under his vine and under his fig tree; and none shall make them afraid: for the mouth of the LORD of hosts hath spoken it.	
Micah 4:6	In that day, saith the LORD, will I assemble her that halteth, and I will gather her that is driven out, and her that I have afflicted;	
Micah 5:6	And they shall waste the land of Assyria with the sword, and the land of Nimrod in the entrances thereof: thus shall he deliver us from the Assyrian, when he cometh into our land, and when he treadeth within our borders.	
Micah 5:9	Thine hand shall be lifted up upon thine adversaries, and all thine enemies shall be cut off.	
Micah 6:12	For the rich men thereof are full of violence, and the inhabitants thereof have spoken lies, and their tongue is deceitful in their mouth.	
Micah 6:15	Thou shalt sow, but thou shalt not reap; thou shalt tread the olives, but thou shalt not anoint thee with oil; and sweet wine, but shalt not drink wine.	
Micah 6:9	The LORD's voice crieth unto the city, and the man of wisdom shall see thy name: hear ye the rod, and who hath appointed it.	
Micah 7:12	In that day also he shall come even to thee from Assyria, and from the fortified cities, and from the fortress even to the river, and from sea to sea, and from mountain to mountain.	
Micah 7:16	The nations shall see and be confounded at all their might: they shall lay their hand upon their mouth, their ears shall be deaf.	
Micah 7:20	Thou wilt perform the truth to Jacob, and the mercy to Abraham, which thou hast sworn unto our fathers from the days of old.	
Micah 7:4	The best of them is as a brier: the most upright is sharper than a thorn hedge: the day of thy watchmen and thy visitation cometh; now shall be their perplexity.	
Micah 7:6	For the son dishonoureth the father, the daughter riseth up against her mother, the daughter in law against her mother in law; a man's enemies are the men of his own house.	
Micah 7:9	I will bear the indignation of the LORD, because I have sinned against him, until he plead my cause, and execute judgment for me: he will bring me forth to the light, and I shall behold his righteousness.	
Nahum 1:10	For while they be folden together as thorns, and while they are drunken as drunkards, they shall be devoured as stubble fully dry.	
Nahum 1:12	Thus saith the LORD; Though they be quiet, and likewise many, yet thus shall they be cut down, when he shall pass through. Though I have afflicted thee, I will afflict thee no more.	
Nahum 1:2	God is jealous, and the LORD revengeth; the LORD revengeth, and is furious; the LORD will take vengeance on his adversaries, and he reserveth wrath for his enemies.	
Nahum 1:4	He rebuketh the sea, and maketh it dry, and drieth up all the rivers: Bashan languisheth, and Carmel, and the flower of Lebanon languisheth.	
Nahum 1:7	The LORD is good, a strong hold in the day of trouble; and he knoweth them that trust in him.	
Nahum 1:8	But with an overrunning flood he will make an utter end of the place thereof, and darkness shall pursue his enemies.	
Nahum 2:12	The lion did tear in pieces enough for his whelps, and strangled for his lionesses, and filled his holes with prey, and his dens with ravin.	
Nahum 2:7	And Huzzab shall be led away captive, she shall be brought up, and her maids shall lead her as with the voice of doves, tabering upon their breasts.	
Nahum 3:14	Draw thee waters for the siege, fortify thy strong holds: go into clay, and tread the morter, make strong the brickkiln.	
Nahum 3:16	Thou hast multiplied thy merchants above the stars of heaven: the cankerworm spoileth, and fleeth away.	
Nahum 3:4	Because of the multitude of the whoredoms of the wellfavoured harlot, the mistress of witchcrafts, that selleth nations through her whoredoms, and families through her witchcrafts.	
Nahum 3:8	Art thou better than populous No, that was situate among the rivers, that had the waters round about it, whose rampart was the sea, and her wall was from the sea?	
Nehemiah 10:10	And their brethren, Shebaniah, Hodijah, Kelita, Pelaiah, Hanan,	
Nehemiah 10:14	The chief of the people; Parosh, Pahathmoab, Elam, Zatthu, Bani,	
Nehemiah 10:17	Ater, Hizkijah, Azzur,	
Nehemiah 10:20	Magpiash, Meshullam, Hezir,	
Nehemiah 10:31	And if the people of the land bring ware or any victuals on the sabbath day to sell, that we would not buy it of them on the sabbath, or on the holy day: and that we would leave the seventh year, and the exaction of every debt.	
Nehemiah 10:6	Daniel, Ginnethon, Baruch,	
Nehemiah 10:8	Maaziah, Bilgai, Shemaiah: these were the priests.	
Nehemiah 10:9	And the Levites: both Jeshua the son of Azaniah, Binnui of the sons of Henadad, Kadmiel;	
Nehemiah 11:12	And their brethren that did the work of the house were eight hundred twenty and two: and Adaiah the son of Jeroham, the son of Pelaliah, the son of Amzi, the son of Zechariah, the son of Pashur, the son of Malchiah.	
Nehemiah 11:14	And their brethren, mighty men of valour, an hundred twenty and eight: and their overseer was Zabdiel, the son of one of the great men.	
Nehemiah 11:15	Also of the Levites: Shemaiah the son of Hashub, the son of Azrikam, the son of Hashabiah, the son of Bunni;	
Nehemiah 11:23	For it was the king's commandment concerning them, that a certain portion should be for the singers, due for every day.	
Nehemiah 11:24	And Pethahiah the son of Meshezabeel, of the children of Zerah the son of Judah, was at the king's hand in all matters concerning the people.	
Nehemiah 11:26	And at Jeshua, and at Moladah, and at Bethphelet,	
Nehemiah 11:3	Now these are the chief of the province that dwelt in Jerusalem: but in the cities of Judah dwelt every one in his possession in their cities, to wit, Israel, the priests, and the Levites, and the Nethinims, and the children of Solomon's servants.	
Nehemiah 11:32	And at Anathoth, Nob, Ananiah,	
Nehemiah 11:4	And at Jerusalem dwelt certain of the children of Judah, and of the children of Benjamin. Of the children of Judah; Athaiah the son of Uzziah, the son of Zechariah, the son of Amariah, the son of Shephatiah, the son of Mahalaleel, of the children of Perez;	
Nehemiah 11:5	And Maaseiah the son of Baruch, the son of Colhozeh, the son of Hazaiah, the son of Adaiah, the son of Joiarib, the son of Zechariah, the son of Shiloni.	
Nehemiah 11:9	And Joel the son of Zichri was their overseer: and Judah the son of Senuah was second over the city.	
Nehemiah 12:15	Of Harim, Adna; of Meraioth, Helkai;	
Nehemiah 12:16	Of Iddo, Zechariah; of Ginnethon, Meshullam;	
Nehemiah 12:18	Of Bilgah, Shammua; of Shemaiah, Jehonathan;	
Nehemiah 12:19	And of Joiarib, Mattenai; of Jedaiah, Uzzi;	
Nehemiah 12:20	Of Sallai, Kallai; of Amok, Eber;	
Nehemiah 12:22	The Levites in the days of Eliashib, Joiada, and Johanan, and Jaddua, were recorded chief of the fathers: also the priests, to the reign of Darius the Persian.	
Nehemiah 12:25	Mattaniah, and Bakbukiah, Obadiah, Meshullam, Talmon, Akkub, were porters keeping the ward at the thresholds of the gates.	
Nehemiah 12:30	And the priests and the Levites purified themselves, and purified the people, and the gates, and the wall.	
Nehemiah 12:35	And certain of the priests' sons with trumpets; namely, Zechariah the son of Jonathan, the son of Shemaiah, the son of Mattaniah, the son of Michaiah, the son of Zaccur, the son of Asaph:	
Nehemiah 12:36	And his brethren, Shemaiah, and Azarael, Milalai, Gilalai, Maai, Nethaneel, and Judah, Hanani, with the musical instruments of David the man of God, and Ezra the scribe before them.	
Nehemiah 12:37	And at the fountain gate, which was over against them, they went up by the stairs of the city of David, at the going up of the wall, above the house of David, even unto the water gate eastward.	
Nehemiah 12:38	And the other company of them that gave thanks went over against them, and I after them, and the half of the people upon the wall, from beyond the tower of the furnaces even unto the broad wall;	
Nehemiah 12:40	So stood the two companies of them that gave thanks in the house of God, and I, and the half of the rulers with me:	
Nehemiah 12:41	And the priests; Eliakim, Maaseiah, Miniamin, Michaiah, Elioenai, Zechariah, and Hananiah, with trumpets;	
Nehemiah 12:45	And both the singers and the porters kept the ward of their God, and the ward of the purification, according to the commandment of David, and of Solomon his son.	
Nehemiah 12:5	Miamin, Maadiah, Bilgah,	
Nehemiah 12:9	Also Bakbukiah and Unni, their brethren, were over against them in the watches.	
Nehemiah 13:1	On that day they read in the book of Moses in the audience of the people; and therein was found written, that the Ammonite and the Moabite should not come into the congregation of God for ever;	
Nehemiah 13:11	Then contended I with the rulers, and said, Why is the house of God forsaken? And I gathered them together, and set them in their place.	
Nehemiah 13:19	And it came to pass, that when the gates of Jerusalem began to be dark before the sabbath, I commanded that the gates should be shut, and charged that they should not be opened till after the sabbath: and some of my servants set I at the gates, that there should no burden be brought in on the sabbath day.	
Nehemiah 13:26	Did not Solomon king of Israel sin by these things? yet among many nations was there no king like him, who was beloved of his God, and God made him king over all Israel: nevertheless even him did outlandish women cause to sin.	
Nehemiah 13:30	Thus cleansed I them from all strangers, and appointed the wards of the priests and the Levites, every one in his business;	
Nehemiah 13:31	And for the wood offering, at times appointed, and for the firstfruits. Remember me, O my God, for good.	
Nehemiah 13:5	And he had prepared for him a great chamber, where aforetime they laid the meat offerings, the frankincense, and the vessels, and the tithes of the corn, the new wine, and the oil, which was commanded to be given to the Levites, and the singers, and the porters; and the offerings of the priests.	
Nehemiah 13:6	But in all this time was not I at Jerusalem: for in the two and thirtieth year of Artaxerxes king of Babylon came I unto the king, and after certain days obtained I leave of the king:	
Nehemiah 13:8	And it grieved me sore: therefore I cast forth all the household stuff to Tobiah out of the chamber.	
Nehemiah 1:1	The words of Nehemiah the son of Hachaliah. And it came to pass in the month Chisleu, in the twentieth year, as I was in Shushan the palace,	
Nehemiah 1:4	And it came to pass, when I heard these words, that I sat down and wept, and mourned certain days, and fasted, and prayed before the God of heaven,	
Nehemiah 1:5	And said, I beseech thee, O LORD God of heaven, the great and terrible God, that keepeth covenant and mercy for them that love him and observe his commandments:	
Nehemiah 1:6	Let thine ear now be attentive, and thine eyes open, that thou mayest hear the prayer of thy servant, which I pray before thee now, day and night, for the children of Israel thy servants, and confess the sins of the children of Israel, which we have sinned against thee: both I and my father's house have sinned.	
Nehemiah 1:7	We have dealt very corruptly against thee, and have not kept the commandments, nor the statutes, nor the judgments, which thou commandedst thy servant Moses.	
Nehemiah 1:9	But if ye turn unto me, and keep my commandments, and do them; though there were of you cast out unto the uttermost part of the heaven, yet will I gather them from thence, and will bring them unto the place that I have chosen to set my name there.	
Nehemiah 2:1	And it came to pass in the month Nisan, in the twentieth year of Artaxerxes the king, that wine was before him: and I took up the wine, and gave it unto the king. Now I had not been beforetime sad in his presence.	
Nehemiah 2:12	And I arose in the night, I and some few men with me; neither told I any man what my God had put in my heart to do at Jerusalem: neither was there any beast with me, save the beast that I rode upon.	
Nehemiah 2:13	And I went out by night by the gate of the valley, even before the dragon well, and to the dung port, and viewed the walls of Jerusalem, which were broken down, and the gates thereof were consumed with fire.	
Nehemiah 2:18	Then I told them of the hand of my God which was good upon me; as also the king's words that he had spoken unto me. And they said, Let us rise up and build. So they strengthened their hands for this good work.	
Nehemiah 2:6	And the king said unto me, (the queen also sitting by him,) For how long shall thy journey be? and when wilt thou return? So it pleased the king to send me; and I set him a time.	
Nehemiah 3:11	Malchijah the son of Harim, and Hashub the son of Pahathmoab, repaired the other piece, and the tower of the furnaces.	
Nehemiah 3:14	But the dung gate repaired Malchiah the son of Rechab, the ruler of part of Bethhaccerem; he built it, and set up the doors thereof, the locks thereof, and the bars thereof.	
Nehemiah 3:16	After him repaired Nehemiah the son of Azbuk, the ruler of the half part of Bethzur, unto the place over against the sepulchres of David, and to the pool that was made, and unto the house of the mighty.	
Nehemiah 3:2	And next unto him builded the men of Jericho. And next to them builded Zaccur the son of Imri.	
Nehemiah 3:21	After him repaired Meremoth the son of Urijah the son of Koz another piece, from the door of the house of Eliashib even to the end of the house of Eliashib.	
Nehemiah 3:23	After him repaired Benjamin and Hashub over against their house. After him repaired Azariah the son of Maaseiah the son of Ananiah by his house.	
Nehemiah 3:27	After them the Tekoites repaired another piece, over against the great tower that lieth out, even unto the wall of Ophel.	
Nehemiah 3:31	After him repaired Malchiah the goldsmith's son unto the place of the Nethinims, and of the merchants, over against the gate Miphkad, and to the going up of the corner.	
Nehemiah 3:32	And between the going up of the corner unto the sheep gate repaired the goldsmiths and the merchants.	
Nehemiah 3:4	And next unto them repaired Meremoth the son of Urijah, the son of Koz. And next unto them repaired Meshullam the son of Berechiah, the son of Meshezabeel. And next unto them repaired Zadok the son of Baana.	
Nehemiah 3:5	And next unto them the Tekoites repaired; but their nobles put not their necks to the work of their LORD.	
Nehemiah 3:6	Moreover the old gate repaired Jehoiada the son of Paseah, and Meshullam the son of Besodeiah; they laid the beams thereof, and set up the doors thereof, and the locks thereof, and the bars thereof.	
Nehemiah 3:8	Next unto him repaired Uzziel the son of Harhaiah, of the goldsmiths. Next unto him also repaired Hananiah the son of one of the apothecaries, and they fortified Jerusalem unto the broad wall.	
Nehemiah 3:9	And next unto them repaired Rephaiah the son of Hur, the ruler of the half part of Jerusalem.	
Nehemiah 4:11	And our adversaries said, They shall not know, neither see, till we come in the midst among them, and slay them, and cause the work to cease.	
Nehemiah 4:12	And it came to pass, that when the Jews which dwelt by them came, they said unto us ten times, From all places whence ye shall return unto us they will be upon you.	
Nehemiah 4:17	They which builded on the wall, and they that bare burdens, with those that laded, every one with one of his hands wrought in the work, and with the other hand held a weapon.	
Nehemiah 4:19	And I said unto the nobles, and to the rulers, and to the rest of the people, The work is great and large, and we are separated upon the wall, one far from another.	
Nehemiah 4:22	Likewise at the same time said I unto the people, Let every one with his servant lodge within Jerusalem, that in the night they may be a guard to us, and labour on the day.	
Nehemiah 4:3	Now Tobiah the Ammonite was by him, and he said, Even that which they build, if a fox go up, he shall even break down their stone wall.	
Nehemiah 4:4	Hear, O our God; for we are despised: and turn their reproach upon their own head, and give them for a prey in the land of captivity:	
Nehemiah 4:6	So built we the wall; and all the wall was joined together unto the half thereof: for the people had a mind to work.	
Nehemiah 4:7	But it came to pass, that when Sanballat, and Tobiah, and the Arabians, and the Ammonites, and the Ashdodites, heard that the walls of Jerusalem were made up, and that the breaches began to be stopped, then they were very wroth,	
Nehemiah 4:8	And conspired all of them together to come and to fight against Jerusalem, and to hinder it.	
Nehemiah 4:9	Nevertheless we made our prayer unto our God, and set a watch against them day and night, because of them.	
Nehemiah 5:13	Also I shook my lap, and said, So God shake out every man from his house, and from his labour, that performeth not this promise, even thus be he shaken out, and emptied. And all the congregation said, Amen, and praised the LORD. And the people did according to this promise.	
Nehemiah 5:14	Moreover from the time that I was appointed to be their governor in the land of Judah, from the twentieth year even unto the two and thirtieth year of Artaxerxes the king, that is, twelve years, I and my brethren have not eaten the bread of the governor.	
Nehemiah 5:19	Think upon me, my God, for good, according to all that I have done for this people.	
Nehemiah 5:2	For there were that said, We, our sons, and our daughters, are many: therefore we take up corn for them, that we may eat, and live.	
Nehemiah 5:6	And I was very angry when I heard their cry and these words.	
Nehemiah 6:18	For there were many in Judah sworn unto him, because he was the son in law of Shechaniah the son of Arah; and his son Johanan had taken the daughter of Meshullam the son of Berechiah.	
Nehemiah 7:16	The children of Bebai, six hundred twenty and eight.	
Nehemiah 7:18	The children of Adonikam, six hundred threescore and seven.	
Nehemiah 7:20	The children of Adin, six hundred fifty and five.	
Nehemiah 7:22	The children of Hashum, three hundred twenty and eight.	
Nehemiah 7:25	The children of Gibeon, ninety and five.	
Nehemiah 7:27	The men of Anathoth, an hundred twenty and eight.	
Nehemiah 7:28	The men of Bethazmaveth, forty and two.	
Nehemiah 7:29	The men of Kirjathjearim, Chephirah, and Beeroth, seven hundred forty and three.	
Nehemiah 7:30	The men of Ramah and Gaba, six hundred twenty and one.	
Nehemiah 7:33	The men of the other Nebo, fifty and two.	
Nehemiah 7:34	The children of the other Elam, a thousand two hundred fifty and four.	
Nehemiah 7:39	The priests: the children of Jedaiah, of the house of Jeshua, nine hundred seventy and three.	
Nehemiah 7:45	The porters: the children of Shallum, the children of Ater, the children of Talmon, the children of Akkub, the children of Hatita, the children of Shobai, an hundred thirty and eight.	
Nehemiah 7:46	The Nethinims: the children of Ziha, the children of Hashupha, the children of Tabbaoth,	
Nehemiah 7:50	The children of Reaiah, the children of Rezin, the children of Nekoda,	
Nehemiah 7:63	And of the priests: the children of Habaiah, the children of Koz, the children of Barzillai, which took one of the daughters of Barzillai the Gileadite to wife, and was called after their name.	
Nehemiah 7:7	Who came with Zerubbabel, Jeshua, Nehemiah, Azariah, Raamiah, Nahamani, Mordecai, Bilshan, Mispereth, Bigvai, Nehum, Baanah. The number, I say, of the men of the people of Israel was this;	
Nehemiah 7:70	And some of the chief of the fathers gave unto the work. The Tirshatha gave to the treasure a thousand drams of gold, fifty basons, five hundred and thirty priests' garments.	
Nehemiah 7:73	So the priests, and the Levites, and the porters, and the singers, and some of the people, and the Nethinims, and all Israel, dwelt in their cities; and when the seventh month came, the children of Israel were in their cities.	
Nehemiah 7:9	The children of Shephatiah, three hundred seventy and two.	
Nehemiah 8:15	And that they should publish and proclaim in all their cities, and in Jerusalem, saying, Go forth unto the mount, and fetch olive branches, and pine branches, and myrtle branches, and palm branches, and branches of thick trees, to make booths, as it is written.	
Nehemiah 8:17	And all the congregation of them that were come again out of the captivity made booths, and sat under the booths: for since the days of Jeshua the son of Nun unto that day had not the children of Israel done so. And there was very great gladness.	
Nehemiah 8:3	And he read therein before the street that was before the water gate from the morning until midday, before the men and the women, and those that could understand; and the ears of all the people were attentive unto the book of the law.	
Nehemiah 8:5	And Ezra opened the book in the sight of all the people; (for he was above all the people;) and when he opened it, all the people stood up:	
Nehemiah 8:7	Also Jeshua, and Bani, and Sherebiah, Jamin, Akkub, Shabbethai, Hodijah, Maaseiah, Kelita, Azariah, Jozabad, Hanan, Pelaiah, and the Levites, caused the people to understand the law: and the people stood in their place.	
Nehemiah 8:9	And Nehemiah, which is the Tirshatha, and Ezra the priest the scribe, and the Levites that taught the people, said unto all the people, This day is holy unto the LORD your God; mourn not, nor weep. For all the people wept, when they heard the words of the law.	
Nehemiah 9:12	Moreover thou leddest them in the day by a cloudy pillar; and in the night by a pillar of fire, to give them light in the way wherein they should go.	
Nehemiah 9:15	And gavest them bread from heaven for their hunger, and broughtest forth water for them out of the rock for their thirst, and promisedst them that they should go in to possess the land which thou hadst sworn to give them.	
Nehemiah 9:20	Thou gavest also thy good spirit to instruct them, and withheldest not thy manna from their mouth, and gavest them water for their thirst.	
Nehemiah 9:22	Moreover thou gavest them kingdoms and nations, and didst divide them into corners: so they possessed the land of Sihon, and the land of the king of Heshbon, and the land of Og king of Bashan.	
Nehemiah 9:23	Their children also multipliedst thou as the stars of heaven, and broughtest them into the land, concerning which thou hadst promised to their fathers, that they should go in to possess it.	
Nehemiah 9:24	So the children went in and possessed the land, and thou subduedst before them the inhabitants of the land, the Canaanites, and gavest them into their hands, with their kings, and the people of the land, that they might do with them as they would.	
Nehemiah 9:27	Therefore thou deliveredst them into the hand of their enemies, who vexed them: and in the time of their trouble, when they cried unto thee, thou heardest them from heaven; and according to thy manifold mercies thou gavest them saviours, who saved them out of the hand of their enemies.	
Nehemiah 9:28	But after they had rest, they did evil again before thee: therefore leftest thou them in the land of their enemies, so that they had the dominion over them: yet when they returned, and cried unto thee, thou heardest them from heaven; and many times didst thou deliver them according to thy mercies;	
Nehemiah 9:29	And testifiedst against them, that thou mightest bring them again unto thy law: yet they dealt proudly, and hearkened not unto thy commandments, but sinned against thy judgments, (which if a man do, he shall live in them;) and withdrew the shoulder, and hardened their neck, and would not hear.	
Nehemiah 9:3	And they stood up in their place, and read in the book of the law of the LORD their God one fourth part of the day; and another fourth part they confessed, and worshipped the LORD their God.	
Nehemiah 9:34	Neither have our kings, our princes, our priests, nor our fathers, kept thy law, nor hearkened unto thy commandments and thy testimonies, wherewith thou didst testify against them.	
Nehemiah 9:8	And foundest his heart faithful before thee, and madest a covenant with him to give the land of the Canaanites, the Hittites, the Amorites, and the Perizzites, and the Jebusites, and the Girgashites, to give it, I say, to his seed, and hast performed thy words; for thou art righteous:	
Numbers 10:17	And the tabernacle was taken down; and the sons of Gershon and the sons of Merari set forward, bearing the tabernacle.	
Numbers 10:20	And over the host of the tribe of the children of Gad was Eliasaph the son of Deuel.	
Numbers 10:24	And over the host of the tribe of the children of Benjamin was Abidan the son of Gideoni.	
Numbers 10:29	And Moses said unto Hobab, the son of Raguel the Midianite, Moses' father in law, We are journeying unto the place of which the LORD said, I will give it you: come thou with us, and we will do thee good: for the LORD hath spoken good concerning Israel.	
Numbers 10:35	And it came to pass, when the ark set forward, that Moses said, Rise up, LORD, and let thine enemies be scattered; and let them that hate thee flee before thee.	
Numbers 10:4	And if they blow but with one trumpet, then the princes, which are heads of the thousands of Israel, shall gather themselves unto thee.	
Numbers 10:8	And the sons of Aaron, the priests, shall blow with the trumpets; and they shall be to you for an ordinance for ever throughout your generations.	
Numbers 10:9	And if ye go to war in your land against the enemy that oppresseth you, then ye shall blow an alarm with the trumpets; and ye shall be remembered before the LORD your God, and ye shall be saved from your enemies.	
Numbers 11:1	And when the people complained, it displeased the LORD: and the LORD heard it; and his anger was kindled; and the fire of the LORD burnt among them, and consumed them that were in the uttermost parts of the camp.	
Numbers 11:10	Then Moses heard the people weep throughout their families, every man in the door of his tent: and the anger of the LORD was kindled greatly; Moses also was displeased.	
Numbers 11:11	And Moses said unto the LORD, Wherefore hast thou afflicted thy servant? and wherefore have I not found favor in thy sight, that thou layest the burden of all this people upon me?	
Numbers 11:14	I am not able to bear all this people alone, because it is too heavy for me.	
Numbers 11:15	And if thou deal thus with me, kill me, I pray thee, out of hand, if I have found favor in thy sight; and let me not see my wretchedness.	
Numbers 11:16	And the LORD said unto Moses, Gather unto me seventy men of the elders of Israel, whom thou knowest to be the elders of the people, and officers over them; and bring them unto the tabernacle of the congregation, that they may stand there with thee.	
Numbers 11:19	Ye shall not eat one day, nor two days, nor five days, neither ten days, nor twenty days;	
Numbers 11:2	And the people cried unto Moses; and when Moses prayed unto the LORD, the fire was quenched.	
Numbers 11:29	And Moses said unto him, Enviest thou for my sake? would God that all the LORD's people were prophets, and that the LORD would put his spirit upon them!	
Numbers 11:30	And Moses gat him into the camp, he and the elders of Israel.	
Numbers 11:31	And there went forth a wind from the LORD, and brought quails from the sea, and let them fall by the camp, as it were a day's journey on this side, and as it were a day's journey on the other side, round about the camp, and as it were two cubits high upon the face of the earth.	
Numbers 11:32	And the people stood up all that day, and all that night, and all the next day, and they gathered the quails: he that gathered least gathered ten homers: and they spread them all abroad for themselves round about the camp.	
Numbers 11:7	And the manna was as coriander seed, and the color thereof as the color of bdellium.	
Numbers 11:8	And the people went about, and gathered it, and ground it in mills, or beat it in a mortar, and baked it in pans, and made cakes of it: and the taste of it was as the taste of fresh oil.	
Numbers 12:10	And the cloud departed from off the tabernacle; and, behold, Miriam became leprous, white as snow: and Aaron looked upon Miriam, and, behold, she was leprous.	
Numbers 12:11	And Aaron said unto Moses, Alas, my lord, I beseech thee, lay not the sin upon us, wherein we have done foolishly, and wherein we have sinned.	
Numbers 12:4	And the LORD spake suddenly unto Moses, and unto Aaron, and unto Miriam, Come out ye three unto the tabernacle of the congregation. And they three came out.	
Numbers 13:13	Of the tribe of Asher, Sethur the son of Michael.	
Numbers 13:14	Of the tribe of Naphtali, Nahbi the son of Vophsi.	
Numbers 13:26	And they went and came to Moses, and to Aaron, and to all the congregation of the children of Israel, unto the wilderness of Paran, to Kadesh; and brought back word unto them, and unto all the congregation, and showed them the fruit of the land.	
Numbers 13:30	And Caleb stilled the people before Moses, and said, Let us go up at once, and possess it; for we are well able to overcome it.	
Numbers 13:8	Of the tribe of Ephraim, Oshea the son of Nun.	
Numbers 13:9	Of the tribe of Benjamin, Palti the son of Raphu.	
Numbers 14:10	But all the congregation bade stone them with stones. And the glory of the LORD appeared in the tabernacle of the congregation before all the children of Israel.	
Numbers 14:17	And now, I beseech thee, let the power of my Lord be great, according as thou hast spoken, saying,	
Numbers 14:19	Pardon, I beseech thee, the iniquity of this people according unto the greatness of thy mercy, and as thou hast forgiven this people, from Egypt even until now.	
Numbers 14:2	And all the children of Israel murmured against Moses and against Aaron: and the whole congregation said unto them, Would God that we had died in the land of Egypt! or would God we had died in this wilderness!	
Numbers 14:21	But as truly as I live, all the earth shall be filled with the glory of the LORD.	
Numbers 14:3	And wherefore hath the LORD brought us unto this land, to fall by the sword, that our wives and our children should be a prey? were it not better for us to return into Egypt?	
Numbers 14:36	And the men, which Moses sent to search the land, who returned, and made all the congregation to murmur against him, by bringing up a slander upon the land,	
Numbers 14:39	And Moses told these sayings unto all the children of Israel: and the people mourned greatly.	
Numbers 14:4	And they said one to another, Let us make a captain, and let us return into Egypt.	
Numbers 14:40	And they rose up early in the morning, and gat them up into the top of the mountain, saying, Lo, we be here, and will go up unto the place which the LORD hath promised: for we have sinned.	
Numbers 14:7	And they spake unto all the company of the children of Israel, saying, The land, which we passed through to search it, is an exceeding good land.	
Numbers 14:8	If the LORD delight in us, then he will bring us into this land, and give it us; a land which floweth with milk and honey.	
Numbers 15:1	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,	
Numbers 15:10	And thou shalt bring for a drink offering half an hin of wine, for an offering made by fire, of a sweet savor unto the LORD.	
Numbers 15:11	Thus shall it be done for one bullock, or for one ram, or for a lamb, or a kid.	
Numbers 15:13	All that are born of the country shall do these things after this manner, in offering an offering made by fire, of a sweet savor unto the LORD.	
Numbers 15:19	Then it shall be, that, when ye eat of the bread of the land, ye shall offer up an heave offering unto the LORD.	
Numbers 15:2	Speak unto the children of Israel, and say unto them, When ye be come into the land of your habitations, which I give unto you,	
Numbers 15:21	Of the first of your dough ye shall give unto the LORD an heave offering in your generations.	
Numbers 15:3	And will make an offering by fire unto the LORD, a burnt offering, or a sacrifice in performing a vow, or in a freewill offering, or in your solemn feasts, to make a sweet savor unto the LORD, of the herd or of the flock:	
Numbers 15:31	Because he hath despised the word of the LORD, and hath broken his commandment, that soul shall utterly be cut off; his iniquity shall be upon him.	
Numbers 15:32	And while the children of Israel were in the wilderness, they found a man that gathered sticks upon the sabbath day.	
Numbers 15:4	Then shall he that offereth his offering unto the LORD bring a meat offering of a tenth deal of flour mingled with the fourth part of an hin of oil.	
Numbers 15:41	I am the LORD your God, which brought you out of the land of Egypt, to be your God: I am the LORD your God.	
Numbers 15:8	And when thou preparest a bullock for a burnt offering, or for a sacrifice in performing a vow, or peace offerings unto the LORD:	
Numbers 15:9	Then shall he bring with a bullock a meat offering of three tenth deals of flour mingled with half an hin of oil.	
Numbers 16:10	And he hath brought thee near to him, and all thy brethren the sons of Levi with thee: and seek ye the priesthood also?	
Numbers 16:12	And Moses sent to call Dathan and Abiram, the sons of Eliab: which said, We will not come up:	
Numbers 16:13	Is it a small thing that thou hast brought us up out of a land that floweth with milk and honey, to kill us in the wilderness, except thou make thyself altogether a prince over us?	
Numbers 16:17	And take every man his censer, and put incense in them, and bring ye before the LORD every man his censer, two hundred and fifty censers; thou also, and Aaron, each of you his censer.	
Numbers 16:19	And Korah gathered all the congregation against them unto the door of the tabernacle of the congregation: and the glory of the LORD appeared unto all the congregation.	
Numbers 16:2	And they rose up before Moses, with certain of the children of Israel, two hundred and fifty princes of the assembly, famous in the congregation, men of renown:	
Numbers 16:3	And they gathered themselves together against Moses and against Aaron, and said unto them, Ye take too much upon you, seeing all the congregation are holy, every one of them, and the LORD is among them: wherefore then lift ye up yourselves above the congregation of the LORD?	
Numbers 16:37	Speak unto Eleazar the son of Aaron the priest, that he take up the censers out of the burning, and scatter thou the fire yonder; for they are hallowed.	
Numbers 16:38	The censers of these sinners against their own souls, let them make them broad plates for a covering of the altar: for they offered them before the LORD, therefore they are hallowed: and they shall be a sign unto the children of Israel.	
Numbers 16:40	To be a memorial unto the children of Israel, that no stranger, which is not of the seed of Aaron, come near to offer incense before the LORD; that he be not as Korah, and as his company: as the LORD said to him by the hand of Moses.	
Numbers 16:41	But on the morrow all the congregation of the children of Israel murmured against Moses and against Aaron, saying, Ye have killed the people of the LORD.	
Numbers 16:44	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,	
Numbers 16:48	And he stood between the dead and the living; and the plague was stayed.	
Numbers 16:7	And put fire therein, and put incense in them before the LORD to morrow: and it shall be that the man whom the LORD doth choose, he shall be holy: ye take too much upon you, ye sons of Levi.	
Numbers 17:13	Whosoever cometh any thing near unto the tabernacle of the LORD shall die: shall we be consumed with dying?	
Numbers 17:6	And Moses spake unto the children of Israel, and every one of their princes gave him a rod apiece, for each prince one, according to their fathers' houses, even twelve rods: and the rod of Aaron was among their rods.	
Numbers 17:9	And Moses brought out all the rods from before the LORD unto all the children of Israel: and they looked, and took every man his rod.	
Numbers 18:13	And whatsoever is first ripe in the land, which they shall bring unto the LORD, shall be thine; every one that is clean in thine house shall eat of it.	
Numbers 18:19	All the heave offerings of the holy things, which the children of Israel offer unto the LORD, have I given thee, and thy sons and thy daughters with thee, by a statute for ever: it is a covenant of salt for ever before the LORD unto thee and to thy seed with thee.	
Numbers 18:2	And thy brethren also of the tribe of Levi, the tribe of thy father, bring thou with thee, that they may be joined unto thee, and minister unto thee: but thou and thy sons with thee shall minister before the tabernacle of witness.	
Numbers 18:27	And this your heave offering shall be reckoned unto you, as though it were the corn of the threshingfloor, and as the fulness of the winepress.	
Numbers 18:29	Out of all your gifts ye shall offer every heave offering of the LORD, of all the best thereof, even the hallowed part thereof out of it.	
Numbers 18:32	And ye shall bear no sin by reason of it, when ye have heaved from it the best of it: neither shall ye pollute the holy things of the children of Israel, lest ye die.	
Numbers 18:6	And I, behold, I have taken your brethren the Levites from among the children of Israel: to you they are given as a gift for the LORD, to do the service of the tabernacle of the congregation.	
Numbers 19:1	And the LORD spake unto Moses and unto Aaron, saying,	
Numbers 19:13	Whosoever toucheth the dead body of any man that is dead, and purifieth not himself, defileth the tabernacle of the LORD; and that soul shall be cut off from Israel: because the water of separation was not sprinkled upon him, he shall be unclean; his uncleanness is yet upon him.	
Numbers 19:17	And for an unclean person they shall take of the ashes of the burnt heifer of purification for sin, and running water shall be put thereto in a vessel:	
Numbers 19:20	But the man that shall be unclean, and shall not purify himself, that soul shall be cut off from among the congregation, because he hath defiled the sanctuary of the LORD: the water of separation hath not been sprinkled upon him; he is unclean.	
Numbers 19:4	And Eleazar the priest shall take of her blood with his finger, and sprinkle of her blood directly before the tabernacle of the congregation seven times:	
Numbers 1:1	And the LORD spake unto Moses in the wilderness of Sinai, in the tabernacle of the congregation, on the first day of the second month, in the second year after they were come out of the land of Egypt, saying,	
Numbers 1:14	Of Gad; Eliasaph the son of Deuel.	
Numbers 1:16	These were the renowned of the congregation, princes of the tribes of their fathers, heads of thousands in Israel.	
Numbers 1:18	And they assembled all the congregation together on the first day of the second month, and they declared their pedigrees after their families, by the house of their fathers, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, by their polls.	
Numbers 1:2	Take ye the sum of all the congregation of the children of Israel, after their families, by the house of their fathers, with the number of their names, every male by their polls;	
Numbers 1:20	And the children of Reuben, Israel's eldest son, by their generations, after their families, by the house of their fathers, according to the number of the names, by their polls, every male from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war;	
Numbers 1:25	Those that were numbered of them, even of the tribe of Gad, were forty and five thousand six hundred and fifty.	
Numbers 1:27	Those that were numbered of them, even of the tribe of Judah, were threescore and fourteen thousand and six hundred.	
Numbers 1:29	Those that were numbered of them, even of the tribe of Issachar, were fifty and four thousand and four hundred.	
Numbers 1:34	Of the children of Manasseh, by their generations, after their families, by the house of their fathers, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war;	
Numbers 1:36	Of the children of Benjamin, by their generations, after their families, by the house of their fathers, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war;	
Numbers 1:49	Only thou shalt not number the tribe of Levi, neither take the sum of them among the children of Israel:	
Numbers 1:54	And the children of Israel did according to all that the LORD commanded Moses, so did they.	
Numbers 1:6	Of Simeon; Shelumiel the son of Zurishaddai.	
Numbers 1:9	Of Zebulun; Eliab the son of Helon.	
Numbers 20:1	Then came the children of Israel, even the whole congregation, into the desert of Zin in the first month: and the people abode in Kadesh; and Miriam died there, and was buried there.	
Numbers 20:11	And Moses lifted up his hand, and with his rod he smote the rock twice: and the water came out abundantly, and the congregation drank, and their beasts also.	
Numbers 20:12	And the LORD spake unto Moses and Aaron, Because ye believed me not, to sanctify me in the eyes of the children of Israel, therefore ye shall not bring this congregation into the land which I have given them.	
Numbers 20:15	How our fathers went down into Egypt, and we have dwelt in Egypt a long time; and the Egyptians vexed us, and our fathers:	
Numbers 20:17	Let us pass, I pray thee, through thy country: we will not pass through the fields, or through the vineyards, neither will we drink of the water of the wells: we will go by the king's high way, we will not turn to the right hand nor to the left, until we have passed thy borders.	
Numbers 20:20	And he said, Thou shalt not go through. And Edom came out against him with much people, and with a strong hand.	
Numbers 20:21	Thus Edom refused to give Israel passage through his border: wherefore Israel turned away from him.	
Numbers 20:29	And when all the congregation saw that Aaron was dead, they mourned for Aaron thirty days, even all the house of Israel.	
Numbers 20:4	And why have ye brought up the congregation of the LORD into this wilderness, that we and our cattle should die there?	
Numbers 20:6	And Moses and Aaron went from the presence of the assembly unto the door of the tabernacle of the congregation, and they fell upon their faces: and the glory of the LORD appeared unto them.	
Numbers 20:7	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,	
Numbers 21:13	From thence they removed, and pitched on the other side of Arnon, which is in the wilderness that cometh out of the coasts of the Amorites: for Arnon is the border of Moab, between Moab and the Amorites.	
Numbers 21:14	Wherefore it is said in the book of the wars of the LORD, What he did in the Red sea, and in the brooks of Arnon,	
Numbers 21:15	And at the stream of the brooks that goeth down to the dwelling of Ar, and lieth upon the border of Moab.	
Numbers 21:21	And Israel sent messengers unto Sihon king of the Amorites, saying,	
Numbers 21:22	Let me pass through thy land: we will not turn into the fields, or into the vineyards; we will not drink of the waters of the well: but we will go along by the king's high way, until we be past thy borders.	
Numbers 21:24	And Israel smote him with the edge of the sword, and possessed his land from Arnon unto Jabbok, even unto the children of Ammon: for the border of the children of Ammon was strong.	
Numbers 21:25	And Israel took all these cities: and Israel dwelt in all the cities of the Amorites, in Heshbon, and in all the villages thereof.	
Numbers 21:26	For Heshbon was the city of Sihon the king of the Amorites, who had fought against the former king of Moab, and taken all his land out of his hand, even unto Arnon.	
Numbers 21:31	Thus Israel dwelt in the land of the Amorites.	
Numbers 21:35	So they smote him, and his sons, and all his people, until there was none left him alive: and they possessed his land.	
Numbers 21:4	And they journeyed from mount Hor by the way of the Red sea, to compass the land of Edom: and the soul of the people was much discouraged because of the way.	
Numbers 21:9	And Moses made a serpent of brass, and put it upon a pole, and it came to pass, that if a serpent had bitten any man, when he beheld the serpent of brass, he lived.	
Numbers 22:16	And they came to Balaam, and said to him, Thus saith Balak the son of Zippor, Let nothing, I pray thee, hinder thee from coming unto me:	
Numbers 22:2	And Balak the son of Zippor saw all that Israel had done to the Amorites.	
Numbers 22:24	But the angel of the LORD stood in a path of the vineyards, a wall being on this side, and a wall on that side.	
Numbers 22:25	And when the ass saw the angel of the LORD, she thrust herself unto the wall, and crushed Balaam's foot against the wall: and he smote her again.	
Numbers 22:26	And the angel of the LORD went further, and stood in a narrow place, where was no way to turn either to the right hand or to the left.	
Numbers 22:3	And Moab was sore afraid of the people, because they were many: and Moab was distressed because of the children of Israel.	
Numbers 22:39	And Balaam went with Balak, and they came unto Kirjathhuzoth.	
Numbers 22:40	And Balak offered oxen and sheep, and sent to Balaam, and to the princes that were with him.	
Numbers 22:8	And he said unto them, Lodge here this night, and I will bring you word again, as the LORD shall speak unto me: and the princes of Moab abode with Balaam.	
Numbers 22:9	And God came unto Balaam, and said, What men are these with thee?	
Numbers 23:13	And Balak said unto him, Come, I pray thee, with me unto another place, from whence thou mayest see them: thou shalt see but the utmost part of them, and shalt not see them all: and curse me them from thence.	
Numbers 23:14	And he brought him into the field of Zophim, to the top of Pisgah, and built seven altars, and offered a bullock and a ram on every altar.	
Numbers 23:25	And Balak said unto Balaam, Neither curse them at all, nor bless them at all.	
Numbers 23:26	But Balaam answered and said unto Balak, Told not I thee, saying, All that the LORD speaketh, that I must do?	
Numbers 23:28	And Balak brought Balaam unto the top of Peor, that looketh toward Jeshimon.	
Numbers 23:3	And Balaam said unto Balak, Stand by thy burnt offering, and I will go: peradventure the LORD will come to meet me: and whatsoever he showeth me I will tell thee. And he went to an high place.	
Numbers 23:4	And God met Balaam: and he said unto him, I have prepared seven altars, and I have offered upon every altar a bullock and a ram.	
Numbers 24:13	If Balak would give me his house full of silver and gold, I cannot go beyond the commandment of the LORD, to do either good or bad of mine own mind; but what the LORD saith, that will I speak?	
Numbers 24:23	And he took up his parable, and said, Alas, who shall live when God doeth this!	
Numbers 24:4	He hath said, which heard the words of God, which saw the vision of the Almighty, falling into a trance, but having his eyes open:	
Numbers 25:1	And Israel abode in Shittim, and the people began to commit whoredom with the daughters of Moab.	
Numbers 25:11	Phinehas, the son of Eleazar, the son of Aaron the priest, hath turned my wrath away from the children of Israel, while he was zealous for my sake among them, that I consumed not the children of Israel in my jealousy.	
Numbers 25:8	And he went after the man of Israel into the tent, and thrust both of them through, the man of Israel, and the woman through her belly. So the plague was stayed from the children of Israel.	
Numbers 26:11	Notwithstanding the children of Korah died not.	
Numbers 26:12	The sons of Simeon after their families: of Nemuel, the family of the Nemuelites: of Jamin, the family of the Jaminites: of Jachin, the family of the Jachinites:	
Numbers 26:22	These are the families of Judah according to those that were numbered of them, threescore and sixteen thousand and five hundred.	
Numbers 26:24	Of Jashub, the family of the Jashubites: of Shimron, the family of the Shimronites.	
Numbers 26:34	These are the families of Manasseh, and those that were numbered of them, fifty and two thousand and seven hundred.	
Numbers 26:37	These are the families of the sons of Ephraim according to those that were numbered of them, thirty and two thousand and five hundred. These are the sons of Joseph after their families.	
Numbers 26:39	Of Shupham, the family of the Shuphamites: of Hupham, the family of the Huphamites.	
Numbers 26:41	These are the sons of Benjamin after their families: and they that were numbered of them were forty and five thousand and six hundred.	
Numbers 26:42	These are the sons of Dan after their families: of Shuham, the family of the Shuhamites. These are the families of Dan after their families.	
Numbers 26:45	Of the sons of Beriah: of Heber, the family of the Heberites: of Malchiel, the family of the Malchielites.	
Numbers 26:54	To many thou shalt give the more inheritance, and to few thou shalt give the less inheritance: to every one shall his inheritance be given according to those that were numbered of him.	
Numbers 26:57	And these are they that were numbered of the Levites after their families: of Gershon, the family of the Gershonites: of Kohath, the family of the Kohathites: of Merari, the family of the Merarites.	
Numbers 26:59	And the name of Amram's wife was Jochebed, the daughter of Levi, whom her mother bare to Levi in Egypt: and she bare unto Amram Aaron and Moses, and Miriam their sister.	
Numbers 26:64	But among these there was not a man of them whom Moses and Aaron the priest numbered, when they numbered the children of Israel in the wilderness of Sinai.	
Numbers 26:65	For the LORD had said of them, They shall surely die in the wilderness. And there was not left a man of them, save Caleb the son of Jephunneh, and Joshua the son of Nun.	
Numbers 27:15	And Moses spake unto the LORD, saying,	
Numbers 27:17	Which may go out before them, and which may go in before them, and which may lead them out, and which may bring them in; that the congregation of the LORD be not as sheep which have no shepherd.	
Numbers 28:10	This is the burnt offering of every sabbath, beside the continual burnt offering, and his drink offering.	
Numbers 28:13	And a several tenth deal of flour mingled with oil for a meat offering unto one lamb; for a burnt offering of a sweet savor, a sacrifice made by fire unto the LORD.	
Numbers 28:17	And in the fifteenth day of this month is the feast: seven days shall unleavened bread be eaten.	
Numbers 28:2	Command the children of Israel, and say unto them, My offering, and my bread for my sacrifices made by fire, for a sweet savor unto me, shall ye observe to offer unto me in their due season.	
Numbers 28:20	And their meat offering shall be of flour mingled with oil: three tenth deals shall ye offer for a bullock, and two tenth deals for a ram;	
Numbers 28:29	A several tenth deal unto one lamb, throughout the seven lambs;	
Numbers 28:7	And the drink offering thereof shall be the fourth part of an hin for the one lamb: in the holy place shalt thou cause the strong wine to be poured unto the LORD for a drink offering.	
Numbers 29:14	And their meat offering shall be of flour mingled with oil, three tenth deals unto every bullock of the thirteen bullocks, two tenth deals to each ram of the two rams,	
Numbers 29:19	And one kid of the goats for a sin offering; beside the continual burnt offering, and the meat offering thereof, and their drink offerings.	
Numbers 29:2	And ye shall offer a burnt offering for a sweet savor unto the LORD; one young bullock, one ram, and seven lambs of the first year without blemish:	
Numbers 29:22	And one goat for a sin offering; beside the continual burnt offering, and his meat offering, and his drink offering.	
Numbers 29:32	And on the seventh day seven bullocks, two rams, and fourteen lambs of the first year without blemish:	
Numbers 29:5	And one kid of the goats for a sin offering, to make an atonement for you:	
Numbers 29:7	And ye shall have on the tenth day of this seventh month an holy convocation; and ye shall afflict your souls: ye shall not do any work therein:	
Numbers 2:1	And the LORD spake unto Moses and unto Aaron, saying,	
Numbers 2:18	On the west side shall be the standard of the camp of Ephraim according to their armies: and the captain of the sons of Ephraim shall be Elishama the son of Ammihud.	
Numbers 2:19	And his host, and those that were numbered of them, were forty thousand and five hundred.	
Numbers 2:26	And his host, and those that were numbered of them, were threescore and two thousand and seven hundred.	
Numbers 2:27	And those that encamp by him shall be the tribe of Asher: and the captain of the children of Asher shall be Pagiel the son of Ocran.	
Numbers 2:31	All they that were numbered in the camp of Dan were an hundred thousand and fifty and seven thousand and six hundred. They shall go hindmost with their standards.	
Numbers 30:11	And her husband heard it, and held his peace at her, and disallowed her not: then all her vows shall stand, and every bond wherewith she bound her soul shall stand.	
Numbers 30:6	And if she had at all an husband, when she vowed, or uttered ought out of her lips, wherewith she bound her soul;	
Numbers 31:10	And they burnt all their cities wherein they dwelt, and all their goodly castles, with fire.	
Numbers 31:11	And they took all the spoil, and all the prey, both of men and of beasts.	
Numbers 31:19	And do ye abide without the camp seven days: whosoever hath killed any person, and whosoever hath touched any slain, purify both yourselves and your captives on the third day, and on the seventh day.	
Numbers 31:24	And ye shall wash your clothes on the seventh day, and ye shall be clean, and afterward ye shall come into the camp.	
Numbers 31:27	And divide the prey into two parts; between them that took the war upon them, who went out to battle, and between all the congregation:	
Numbers 31:28	And levy a tribute unto the LORD of the men of war which went out to battle: one soul of five hundred, both of the persons, and of the beeves, and of the asses, and of the sheep:	
Numbers 31:29	Take it of their half, and give it unto Eleazar the priest, for an heave offering of the LORD.	
Numbers 31:3	And Moses spake unto the people, saying, Arm some of yourselves unto the war, and let them go against the Midianites, and avenge the LORD of Midian.	
Numbers 31:30	And of the children of Israel's half, thou shalt take one portion of fifty, of the persons, of the beeves, of the asses, and of the flocks, of all manner of beasts, and give them unto the Levites, which keep the charge of the tabernacle of the LORD.	
Numbers 31:32	And the booty, being the rest of the prey which the men of war had caught, was six hundred thousand and seventy thousand and five thousand sheep,	
Numbers 31:34	And threescore and one thousand asses,	
Numbers 31:38	And the beeves were thirty and six thousand; of which the LORD's tribute was threescore and twelve.	
Numbers 31:44	And thirty and six thousand beeves,	
Numbers 31:47	Even of the children of Israel's half, Moses took one portion of fifty, both of man and of beast, and gave them unto the Levites, which kept the charge of the tabernacle of the LORD; as the LORD commanded Moses.	
Numbers 31:5	So there were delivered out of the thousands of Israel, a thousand of every tribe, twelve thousand armed for war.	
Numbers 31:50	We have therefore brought an oblation for the LORD, what every man hath gotten, of jewels of gold, chains, and bracelets, rings, earrings, and tablets, to make an atonement for our souls before the LORD.	
Numbers 31:54	And Moses and Eleazar the priest took the gold of the captains of thousands and of hundreds, and brought it into the tabernacle of the congregation, for a memorial for the children of Israel before the LORD.	
Numbers 31:6	And Moses sent them to the war, a thousand of every tribe, them and Phinehas the son of Eleazar the priest, to the war, with the holy instruments, and the trumpets to blow in his hand.	
Numbers 31:7	And they warred against the Midianites, as the LORD commanded Moses; and they slew all the males.	
Numbers 32:1	Now the children of Reuben and the children of Gad had a very great multitude of cattle: and when they saw the land of Jazer, and the land of Gilead, that, behold, the place was a place for cattle;	
Numbers 32:11	Surely none of the men that came up out of Egypt, from twenty years old and upward, shall see the land which I sware unto Abraham, unto Isaac, and unto Jacob; because they have not wholly followed me:	
Numbers 32:17	But we ourselves will go ready armed before the children of Israel, until we have brought them unto their place: and our little ones shall dwell in the fenced cities because of the inhabitants of the land.	
Numbers 32:20	And Moses said unto them, If ye will do this thing, if ye will go armed before the LORD to war,	
Numbers 32:23	But if ye will not do so, behold, ye have sinned against the LORD: and be sure your sin will find you out.	
Numbers 32:24	Build you cities for your little ones, and folds for your sheep; and do that which hath proceeded out of your mouth.	
Numbers 32:26	Our little ones, our wives, our flocks, and all our cattle, shall be there in the cities of Gilead:	
Numbers 32:31	And the children of Gad and the children of Reuben answered, saying, As the LORD hath said unto thy servants, so will we do.	
Numbers 32:32	We will pass over armed before the LORD into the land of Canaan, that the possession of our inheritance on this side Jordan may be ours.	
Numbers 32:34	And the children of Gad built Dibon, and Ataroth, and Aroer,	
Numbers 32:35	And Atroth, Shophan, and Jaazer, and Jogbehah,	
Numbers 32:36	And Bethnimrah, and Bethharan, fenced cities: and folds for sheep.	
Numbers 32:38	And Nebo, and Baalmeon, (their names being changed,) and Shibmah: and gave other names unto the cities which they builded.	
Numbers 32:9	For when they went up unto the valley of Eshcol, and saw the land, they discouraged the heart of the children of Israel, that they should not go into the land which the LORD had given them.	
Numbers 33:1	These are the journeys of the children of Israel, which went forth out of the land of Egypt with their armies under the hand of Moses and Aaron.	
Numbers 33:12	And they took their journey out of the wilderness of Sin, and encamped in Dophkah.	
Numbers 33:18	And they departed from Hazeroth, and pitched in Rithmah.	
Numbers 33:22	And they journeyed from Rissah, and pitched in Kehelathah.	
Numbers 33:27	And they departed from Tahath, and pitched at Tarah.	
Numbers 33:28	And they removed from Tarah, and pitched in Mithcah.	
Numbers 33:30	And they departed from Hashmonah, and encamped at Moseroth.	
Numbers 33:39	And Aaron was an hundred and twenty and three years old when he died in mount Hor.	
Numbers 33:41	And they departed from mount Hor, and pitched in Zalmonah.	
Numbers 33:43	And they departed from Punon, and pitched in Oboth.	
Numbers 33:46	And they removed from Dibongad, and encamped in Almondiblathaim.	
Numbers 33:47	And they removed from Almondiblathaim, and pitched in the mountains of Abarim, before Nebo.	
Numbers 33:48	And they departed from the mountains of Abarim, and pitched in the plains of Moab by Jordan near Jericho.	
Numbers 33:55	But if ye will not drive out the inhabitants of the land from before you; then it shall come to pass, that those which ye let remain of them shall be pricks in your eyes, and thorns in your sides, and shall vex you in the land wherein ye dwell.	
Numbers 33:8	And they departed from before Pihahiroth, and passed through the midst of the sea into the wilderness, and went three days' journey in the wilderness of Etham, and pitched in Marah.	
Numbers 33:9	And they removed from Marah, and came unto Elim: and in Elim were twelve fountains of water, and threescore and ten palm trees; and they pitched there.	
Numbers 34:13	And Moses commanded the children of Israel, saying, This is the land which ye shall inherit by lot, which the LORD commanded to give unto the nine tribes, and to the half tribe:	
Numbers 34:15	The two tribes and the half tribe have received their inheritance on this side Jordan near Jericho eastward, toward the sunrising.	
Numbers 34:17	These are the names of the men which shall divide the land unto you: Eleazar the priest, and Joshua the son of Nun.	
Numbers 34:18	And ye shall take one prince of every tribe, to divide the land by inheritance.	
Numbers 34:24	And the prince of the tribe of the children of Ephraim, Kemuel the son of Shiphtan.	
Numbers 34:27	And the prince of the tribe of the children of Asher, Ahihud the son of Shelomi.	
Numbers 34:5	And the border shall fetch a compass from Azmon unto the river of Egypt, and the goings out of it shall be at the sea.	
Numbers 35:1	And the LORD spake unto Moses in the plains of Moab by Jordan near Jericho, saying,	
Numbers 35:11	Then ye shall appoint you cities to be cities of refuge for you; that the slayer may flee thither, which killeth any person at unawares.	
Numbers 35:13	And of these cities which ye shall give six cities shall ye have for refuge.	
Numbers 35:15	These six cities shall be a refuge, both for the children of Israel, and for the stranger, and for the sojourner among them: that every one that killeth any person unawares may flee thither.	
Numbers 35:2	Command the children of Israel, that they give unto the Levites of the inheritance of their possession cities to dwell in; and ye shall give also unto the Levites suburbs for the cities round about them.	
Numbers 35:24	Then the congregation shall judge between the slayer and the revenger of blood according to these judgments:	
Numbers 35:27	And the revenger of blood find him without the borders of the city of his refuge, and the revenger of blood kill the slayer; he shall not be guilty of blood:	
Numbers 35:3	And the cities shall they have to dwell in; and the suburbs of them shall be for their cattle, and for their goods, and for all their beasts.	
Numbers 35:30	Whoso killeth any person, the murderer shall be put to death by the mouth of witnesses: but one witness shall not testify against any person to cause him to die.	
Numbers 35:4	And the suburbs of the cities, which ye shall give unto the Levites, shall reach from the wall of the city and outward a thousand cubits round about.	
Numbers 35:8	And the cities which ye shall give shall be of the possession of the children of Israel: from them that have many ye shall give many; but from them that have few ye shall give few: every one shall give of his cities unto the Levites according to his inheritance which he inheriteth.	
Numbers 36:1	And the chief fathers of the families of the children of Gilead, the son of Machir, the son of Manasseh, of the families of the sons of Joseph, came near, and spake before Moses, and before the princes, the chief fathers of the children of Israel:	
Numbers 36:7	So shall not the inheritance of the children of Israel remove from tribe to tribe: for every one of the children of Israel shall keep himself to the inheritance of the tribe of his fathers.	
Numbers 36:9	Neither shall the inheritance remove from one tribe to another tribe; but every one of the tribes of the children of Israel shall keep himself to his own inheritance.	
Numbers 3:1	These also are the generations of Aaron and Moses in the day that the LORD spake with Moses in mount Sinai.	
Numbers 3:11	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,	
Numbers 3:15	Number the children of Levi after the house of their fathers, by their families: every male from a month old and upward shalt thou number them.	
Numbers 3:21	Of Gershon was the family of the Libnites, and the family of the Shimites: these are the families of the Gershonites.	
Numbers 3:22	Those that were numbered of them, according to the number of all the males, from a month old and upward, even those that were numbered of them were seven thousand and five hundred.	
Numbers 3:26	And the hangings of the court, and the curtain for the door of the court, which is by the tabernacle, and by the altar round about, and the cords of it for all the service thereof.	
Numbers 3:28	In the number of all the males, from a month old and upward, were eight thousand and six hundred, keeping the charge of the sanctuary.	
Numbers 3:31	And their charge shall be the ark, and the table, and the candlestick, and the altars, and the vessels of the sanctuary wherewith they minister, and the hanging, and all the service thereof.	
Numbers 3:36	And under the custody and charge of the sons of Merari shall be the boards of the tabernacle, and the bars thereof, and the pillars thereof, and the sockets thereof, and all the vessels thereof, and all that serveth thereto,	
Numbers 3:4	And Nadab and Abihu died before the LORD, when they offered strange fire before the LORD, in the wilderness of Sinai, and they had no children: and Eleazar and Ithamar ministered in the priest's office in the sight of Aaron their father.	
Numbers 3:44	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,	
Numbers 3:45	Take the Levites instead of all the firstborn among the children of Israel, and the cattle of the Levites instead of their cattle; and the Levites shall be mine: I am the LORD.	
Numbers 3:48	And thou shalt give the money, wherewith the odd number of them is to be redeemed, unto Aaron and to his sons.	
Numbers 3:50	Of the firstborn of the children of Israel took he the money; a thousand three hundred and threescore and five shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary:	
Numbers 3:6	Bring the tribe of Levi near, and present them before Aaron the priest, that they may minister unto him.	
Numbers 4:11	And upon the golden altar they shall spread a cloth of blue, and cover it with a covering of badgers' skins, and shall put to the staves thereof:	
Numbers 4:13	And they shall take away the ashes from the altar, and spread a purple cloth thereon:	
Numbers 4:27	At the appointment of Aaron and his sons shall be all the service of the sons of the Gershonites, in all their burdens, and in all their service: and ye shall appoint unto them in charge all their burdens.	
Numbers 4:31	And this is the charge of their burden, according to all their service in the tabernacle of the congregation; the boards of the tabernacle, and the bars thereof, and the pillars thereof, and sockets thereof,	
Numbers 4:33	This is the service of the families of the sons of Merari, according to all their service, in the tabernacle of the congregation, under the hand of Ithamar the son of Aaron the priest.	
Numbers 4:34	And Moses and Aaron and the chief of the congregation numbered the sons of the Kohathites after their families, and after the house of their fathers,	
Numbers 4:43	From thirty years old and upward even unto fifty years old, every one that entereth into the service, for the work in the tabernacle of the congregation,	
Numbers 4:46	All those that were numbered of the Levites, whom Moses and Aaron and the chief of Israel numbered, after their families, and after the house of their fathers,	
Numbers 4:5	And when the camp setteth forward, Aaron shall come, and his sons, and they shall take down the covering vail, and cover the ark of testimony with it:	
Numbers 4:6	And shall put thereon the covering of badgers' skins, and shall spread over it a cloth wholly of blue, and shall put in the staves thereof.	
Numbers 4:7	And upon the table of showbread they shall spread a cloth of blue, and put thereon the dishes, and the spoons, and the bowls, and covers to cover withal: and the continual bread shall be thereon:	
Numbers 4:8	And they shall spread upon them a cloth of scarlet, and cover the same with a covering of badgers' skins, and shall put in the staves thereof.	
Numbers 4:9	And they shall take a cloth of blue, and cover the candlestick of the light, and his lamps, and his tongs, and his snuffdishes, and all the oil vessels thereof, wherewith they minister unto it:	
Numbers 5:14	And the spirit of jealousy come upon him, and he be jealous of his wife, and she be defiled: or if the spirit of jealousy come upon him, and he be jealous of his wife, and she be not defiled:	
Numbers 5:15	Then shall the man bring his wife unto the priest, and he shall bring her offering for her, the tenth part of an ephah of barley meal; he shall pour no oil upon it, nor put frankincense thereon; for it is an offering of jealousy, an offering of memorial, bringing iniquity to remembrance.	
Numbers 5:21	Then the priest shall charge the woman with an oath of cursing, and the priest shall say unto the woman, The LORD make thee a curse and an oath among thy people, when the LORD doth make thy thigh to rot, and thy belly to swell;	
Numbers 5:22	And this water that causeth the curse shall go into thy bowels, to make thy belly to swell, and thy thigh to rot: And the woman shall say, Amen, amen.	
Numbers 5:27	And when he hath made her to drink the water, then it shall come to pass, that, if she be defiled, and have done trespass against her husband, that the water that causeth the curse shall enter into her, and become bitter, and her belly shall swell, and her thigh shall rot: and the woman shall be a curse among her people.	
Numbers 5:31	Then shall the man be guiltless from iniquity, and this woman shall bear her iniquity.	
Numbers 5:8	But if the man have no kinsman to recompense the trespass unto, let the trespass be recompensed unto the LORD, even to the priest; beside the ram of the atonement, whereby an atonement shall be made for him.	
Numbers 5:9	And every offering of all the holy things of the children of Israel, which they bring unto the priest, shall be his.	
Numbers 6:1	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,	
Numbers 6:12	And he shall consecrate unto the LORD the days of his separation, and shall bring a lamb of the first year for a trespass offering: but the days that were before shall be lost, because his separation was defiled.	
Numbers 6:14	And he shall offer his offering unto the LORD, one he lamb of the first year without blemish for a burnt offering, and one ewe lamb of the first year without blemish for a sin offering, and one ram without blemish for peace offerings,	
Numbers 6:2	Speak unto the children of Israel, and say unto them, When either man or woman shall separate themselves to vow a vow of a Nazarite, to separate themselves unto the LORD:	
Numbers 6:27	And they shall put my name upon the children of Israel, and I will bless them.	
Numbers 6:5	All the days of the vow of his separation there shall no razor come upon his head: until the days be fulfilled, in the which he separateth himself unto the LORD, he shall be holy, and shall let the locks of the hair of his head grow.	
Numbers 7:1	And it came to pass on the day that Moses had fully set up the tabernacle, and had anointed it, and sanctified it, and all the instruments thereof, both the altar and all the vessels thereof, and had anointed them, and sanctified them;	
Numbers 7:14	One spoon of ten shekels of gold, full of incense:	
Numbers 7:16	One kid of the goats for a sin offering:	
Numbers 7:19	He offered for his offering one silver charger, the weight whereof was an hundred and thirty shekels, one silver bowl of seventy shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary; both of them full of fine flour mingled with oil for a meat offering:	
Numbers 7:21	One young bullock, one ram, one lamb of the first year, for a burnt offering:	
Numbers 7:29	And for a sacrifice of peace offerings, two oxen, five rams, five he goats, five lambs of the first year: this was the offering of Eliab the son of Helon.	
Numbers 7:34	One kid of the goats for a sin offering:	
Numbers 7:36	On the fifth day Shelumiel the son of Zurishaddai, prince of the children of Simeon, did offer:	
Numbers 7:37	His offering was one silver charger, the weight whereof was an hundred and thirty shekels, one silver bowl of seventy shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary; both of them full of fine flour mingled with oil for a meat offering:	
Numbers 7:38	One golden spoon of ten shekels, full of incense:	
Numbers 7:4	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,	
Numbers 7:52	One kid of the goats for a sin offering:	
Numbers 7:54	On the eighth day offered Gamaliel the son of Pedahzur, prince of the children of Manasseh:	
Numbers 7:56	One golden spoon of ten shekels, full of incense:	
Numbers 7:69	One young bullock, one ram, one lamb of the first year, for a burnt offering:	
Numbers 7:70	One kid of the goats for a sin offering:	
Numbers 7:71	And for a sacrifice of peace offerings, two oxen, five rams, five he goats, five lambs of the first year: this was the offering of Ahiezer the son of Ammishaddai.	
Numbers 7:73	His offering was one silver charger, the weight whereof was an hundred and thirty shekels, one silver bowl of seventy shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary; both of them full of fine flour mingled with oil for a meat offering:	
Numbers 7:74	One golden spoon of ten shekels, full of incense:	
Numbers 7:89	And when Moses was gone into the tabernacle of the congregation to speak with him, then he heard the voice of one speaking unto him from off the mercy seat that was upon the ark of testimony, from between the two cherubim: and he spake unto him.	
Numbers 8:21	And the Levites were purified, and they washed their clothes; and Aaron offered them as an offering before the LORD; and Aaron made an atonement for them to cleanse them.	
Numbers 8:23	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,	
Numbers 8:8	Then let them take a young bullock with his meat offering, even fine flour mingled with oil, and another young bullock shalt thou take for a sin offering.	
Numbers 9:10	Speak unto the children of Israel, saying, If any man of you or of your posterity shall be unclean by reason of a dead body, or be in a journey afar off, yet he shall keep the passover unto the LORD.	
Numbers 9:15	And on the day that the tabernacle was reared up the cloud covered the tabernacle, namely, the tent of the testimony: and at even there was upon the tabernacle as it were the appearance of fire, until the morning.	
Numbers 9:16	So it was alway: the cloud covered it by day, and the appearance of fire by night.	
Numbers 9:22	Or whether it were two days, or a month, or a year, that the cloud tarried upon the tabernacle, remaining thereon, the children of Israel abode in their tents, and journeyed not: but when it was taken up, they journeyed.	
Numbers 9:23	At the commandment of the LORD they rested in the tents, and at the commandment of the LORD they journeyed: they kept the charge of the LORD, at the commandment of the LORD by the hand of Moses.	
Numbers 9:8	And Moses said unto them, Stand still, and I will hear what the LORD will command concerning you.	
Obadiah 1:1	The vision of Obadiah. Thus saith the Lord GOD concerning Edom; We have heard a rumour from the LORD, and an ambassador is sent among the heathen, Arise ye, and let us rise up against her in battle.	
Obadiah 1:2	Behold, I have made thee small among the heathen: thou art greatly despised.	
Obadiah 1:20	And the captivity of this host of the children of Israel shall possess that of the Canaanites, even unto Zarephath; and the captivity of Jerusalem, which is in Sepharad, shall possess the cities of the south.	
Obadiah 1:3	The pride of thine heart hath deceived thee, thou that dwellest in the clefts of the rock, whose habitation is high; that saith in his heart, Who shall bring me down to the ground?	
Obadiah 1:4	Though thou exalt thyself as the eagle, and though thou set thy nest among the stars, thence will I bring thee down, saith the LORD.	
Philemon 1:1	Paul, a prisoner of Jesus Christ, and Timothy our brother, unto Philemon our dearly beloved, and fellowlabourer,	
Philemon 1:18	If he hath wronged thee, or oweth thee ought, put that on mine account;	
Philemon 1:19	I Paul have written it with mine own hand, I will repay it: albeit I do not say to thee how thou owest unto me even thine own self besides.	
Philemon 1:4	I thank my God, making mention of thee always in my prayers,	
Philemon 1:7	For we have great joy and consolation in thy love, because the bowels of the saints are refreshed by thee, brother.	
Philippians 1:1	Paul and Timotheus, the servants of Jesus Christ, to all the saints in Christ Jesus which are at Philippi, with the bishops and deacons:	
Philippians 1:14	And many of the brethren in the Lord, waxing confident by my bonds, are much more bold to speak the word without fear.	
Philippians 1:17	But the other of love, knowing that I am set for the defence of the gospel.	
Philippians 1:22	But if I live in the flesh, this is the fruit of my labour: yet what I shall choose I wot not.	
Philippians 1:24	Nevertheless to abide in the flesh is more needful for you.	
Philippians 1:27	Only let your conversation be as it becometh the gospel of Christ: that whether I come and see you, or else be absent, I may hear of your affairs, that ye stand fast in one spirit, with one mind striving together for the faith of the gospel;	
Philippians 1:29	For unto you it is given in the behalf of Christ, not only to believe on him, but also to suffer for his sake;	
Philippians 1:5	For your fellowship in the gospel from the first day until now;	
Philippians 1:7	Even as it is meet for me to think this of you all, because I have you in my heart; inasmuch as both in my bonds, and in the defence and confirmation of the gospel, ye all are partakers of my grace.	
Philippians 2:11	And that every tongue should confess that Jesus Christ is Lord, to the glory of God the Father.	
Philippians 2:13	For it is God which worketh in you both to will and to do of his good pleasure.	
Philippians 2:17	Yea, and if I be offered upon the sacrifice and service of your faith, I joy, and rejoice with you all.	
Philippians 2:19	But I trust in the Lord Jesus to send Timotheus shortly unto you, that I also may be of good comfort, when I know your state.	
Philippians 2:2	Fulfil ye my joy, that ye be likeminded, having the same love, being of one accord, of one mind.	
Philippians 2:23	Him therefore I hope to send presently, so soon as I shall see how it will go with me.	
Philippians 2:27	For indeed he was sick nigh unto death: but God had mercy on him; and not on him only, but on me also, lest I should have sorrow upon sorrow.	
Philippians 2:4	Look not every man on his own things, but every man also on the things of others.	
Philippians 3:1	Finally, my brethren, rejoice in the Lord. To write the same things to you, to me indeed is not grievous, but for you it is safe.	
Philippians 3:17	Brethren, be followers together of me, and mark them which walk so as ye have us for an ensample.	
Philippians 3:21	Who shall change our vile body, that it may be fashioned like unto his glorious body, according to the working whereby he is able even to subdue all things unto himself.	
Philippians 3:6	Concerning zeal, persecuting the church; touching the righteousness which is in the law, blameless.	
Philippians 4:15	Now ye Philippians know also, that in the beginning of the gospel, when I departed from Macedonia, no church communicated with me as concerning giving and receiving, but ye only.	
Philippians 4:21	Salute every saint in Christ Jesus. The brethren which are with me greet you.	
Philippians 4:23	The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.	
Philippians 4:6	Be careful for nothing; but in every thing by prayer and supplication with thanksgiving let your requests be made known unto God.	
Philippians 4:8	Finally, brethren, whatsoever things are true, whatsoever things are honest, whatsoever things are just, whatsoever things are pure, whatsoever things are lovely, whatsoever things are of good report; if there be any virtue, and if there be any praise, think on these things.	
Proverbs 10:1	The proverbs of Solomon. A wise son maketh a glad father: but a foolish son is the heaviness of his mother.	
Proverbs 10:10	He that winketh with the eye causeth sorrow: but a prating fool shall fall.	
Proverbs 10:19	In the multitude of words there wanteth not sin: but he that refraineth his lips is wise.	
Proverbs 10:2	Treasures of wickedness profit nothing: but righteousness delivereth from death.	
Proverbs 10:29	The way of the LORD is strength to the upright: but destruction shall be to the workers of iniquity.	
Proverbs 10:3	The LORD will not suffer the soul of the righteous to famish: but he casteth away the substance of the wicked.	
Proverbs 10:5	He that gathereth in summer is a wise son: but he that sleepeth in harvest is a son that causeth shame.	
Proverbs 10:7	The memory of the just is blessed: but the name of the wicked shall rot.	
Proverbs 11:15	He that is surety for a stranger shall smart for it: and he that hateth suretiship is sure.	
Proverbs 11:16	A gracious woman retaineth honour: and strong men retain riches.	
Proverbs 11:2	When pride cometh, then cometh shame: but with the lowly is wisdom.	
Proverbs 11:24	There is that scattereth, and yet increaseth; and there is that withholdeth more than is meet, but it tendeth to poverty.	
Proverbs 11:28	He that trusteth in his riches shall fall; but the righteous shall flourish as a branch.	
Proverbs 11:6	The righteousness of the upright shall deliver them: but transgressors shall be taken in their own naughtiness.	
Proverbs 12:1	Whoso loveth instruction loveth knowledge: but he that hateth reproof is brutish.	
Proverbs 12:12	The wicked desireth the net of evil men: but the root of the righteous yieldeth fruit.	
Proverbs 12:13	The wicked is snared by the transgression of his lips: but the just shall come out of trouble.	
Proverbs 12:17	He that speaketh truth sheweth forth righteousness: but a false witness deceit.	
Proverbs 12:19	The lip of truth shall be established for ever: but a lying tongue is but for a moment.	
Proverbs 12:22	Lying lips are abomination to the LORD: but they that deal truly are his delight.	
Proverbs 12:28	In the way of righteousness is life: and in the pathway thereof there is no death.	
Proverbs 12:3	A man shall not be established by wickedness: but the root of the righteous shall not be moved.	
Proverbs 12:6	The words of the wicked are to lie in wait for blood: but the mouth of the upright shall deliver them.	
Proverbs 13:1	A wise son heareth his father's instruction: but a scorner heareth not rebuke.	
Proverbs 13:14	The law of the wise is a fountain of life, to depart from the snares of death.	
Proverbs 13:17	A wicked messenger falleth into mischief: but a faithful ambassador is health.	
Proverbs 13:24	He that spareth his rod hateth his son: but he that loveth him chasteneth him betimes.	
Proverbs 14:1	Every wise woman buildeth her house: but the foolish plucketh it down with her hands.	
Proverbs 14:19	The evil bow before the good; and the wicked at the gates of the righteous.	
Proverbs 14:22	Do they not err that devise evil? but mercy and truth shall be to them that devise good.	
Proverbs 14:27	The fear of the LORD is a fountain of life, to depart from the snares of death.	
Proverbs 14:30	A sound heart is the life of the flesh: but envy the rottenness of the bones.	
Proverbs 14:32	The wicked is driven away in his wickedness: but the righteous hath hope in his death.	
Proverbs 15:10	Correction is grievous unto him that forsaketh the way: and he that hateth reproof shall die.	
Proverbs 15:11	Hell and destruction are before the LORD: how much more then the hearts of the children of men?	
Proverbs 15:13	A merry heart maketh a cheerful countenance: but by sorrow of the heart the spirit is broken.	
Proverbs 15:15	All the days of the afflicted are evil: but he that is of a merry heart hath a continual feast.	
Proverbs 15:21	Folly is joy to him that is destitute of wisdom: but a man of understanding walketh uprightly.	
Proverbs 15:24	The way of life is above to the wise, that he may depart from hell beneath.	
Proverbs 15:26	The thoughts of the wicked are an abomination to the LORD: but the words of the pure are pleasant words.	
Proverbs 15:29	The LORD is far from the wicked: but he heareth the prayer of the righteous.	
Proverbs 15:32	He that refuseth instruction despiseth his own soul: but he that heareth reproof getteth understanding.	
Proverbs 16:11	A just weight and balance are the LORD's: all the weights of the bag are his work.	
Proverbs 16:17	The highway of the upright is to depart from evil: he that keepeth his way preserveth his soul.	
Proverbs 16:2	All the ways of a man are clean in his own eyes; but the LORD weigheth the spirits.	
Proverbs 16:21	The wise in heart shall be called prudent: and the sweetness of the lips increaseth learning.	
Proverbs 16:22	Understanding is a wellspring of life unto him that hath it: but the instruction of fools is folly.	
Proverbs 16:30	He shutteth his eyes to devise froward things: moving his lips he bringeth evil to pass.	
Proverbs 16:31	The hoary head is a crown of glory, if it be found in the way of righteousness.	
Proverbs 16:6	By mercy and truth iniquity is purged: and by the fear of the LORD men depart from evil.	
Proverbs 17:10	A reproof entereth more into a wise man than an hundred stripes into a fool.	
Proverbs 17:18	A man void of understanding striketh hands, and becometh surety in the presence of his friend.	
Proverbs 17:19	He loveth transgression that loveth strife: and he that exalteth his gate seeketh destruction.	
Proverbs 17:24	Wisdom is before him that hath understanding; but the eyes of a fool are in the ends of the earth.	
Proverbs 17:5	Whoso mocketh the poor reproacheth his Maker: and he that is glad at calamities shall not be unpunished.	
Proverbs 17:6	Children's children are the crown of old men; and the glory of children are their fathers.	
Proverbs 17:9	He that covereth a transgression seeketh love; but he that repeateth a matter separateth very friends.	
Proverbs 18:1	Through desire a man, having separated himself, seeketh and intermeddleth with all wisdom.	
Proverbs 18:12	Before destruction the heart of man is haughty, and before honour is humility.	
Proverbs 18:15	The heart of the prudent getteth knowledge; and the ear of the wise seeketh knowledge.	
Proverbs 18:16	A man's gift maketh room for him, and bringeth him before great men.	
Proverbs 18:2	A fool hath no delight in understanding, but that his heart may discover itself.	
Proverbs 18:21	Death and life are in the power of the tongue: and they that love it shall eat the fruit thereof.	
Proverbs 18:4	The words of a man's mouth are as deep waters, and the wellspring of wisdom as a flowing brook.	
Proverbs 18:8	The words of a talebearer are as wounds, and they go down into the innermost parts of the belly.	
Proverbs 19:1	Better is the poor that walketh in his integrity, than he that is perverse in his lips, and is a fool.	
Proverbs 19:13	A foolish son is the calamity of his father: and the contentions of a wife are a continual dropping.	
Proverbs 19:20	Hear counsel, and receive instruction, that thou mayest be wise in thy latter end.	
Proverbs 19:27	Cease, my son, to hear the instruction that causeth to err from the words of knowledge.	
Proverbs 19:7	All the brethren of the poor do hate him: how much more do his friends go far from him? he pursueth them with words, yet they are wanting to him.	
Proverbs 1:1	The proverbs of Solomon the son of David, king of Israel;	
Proverbs 1:11	If they say, Come with us, let us lay wait for blood, let us lurk privily for the innocent without cause:	
Proverbs 1:12	Let us swallow them up alive as the grave; and whole, as those that go down into the pit:	
Proverbs 1:18	And they lay wait for their own blood; they lurk privily for their own lives.	
Proverbs 1:22	How long, ye simple ones, will ye love simplicity? and the scorners delight in their scorning, and fools hate knowledge?	
Proverbs 1:32	For the turning away of the simple shall slay them, and the prosperity of fools shall destroy them.	
Proverbs 1:6	To understand a proverb, and the interpretation; the words of the wise, and their dark sayings.	
Proverbs 1:9	For they shall be an ornament of grace unto thy head, and chains about thy neck.	
Proverbs 20:13	Love not sleep, lest thou come to poverty; open thine eyes, and thou shalt be satisfied with bread.	
Proverbs 20:20	Whoso curseth his father or his mother, his lamp shall be put out in obscure darkness.	
Proverbs 20:24	Man's goings are of the LORD; how can a man then understand his own way?	
Proverbs 20:7	The just man walketh in his integrity: his children are blessed after him.	
Proverbs 21:11	When the scorner is punished, the simple is made wise: and when the wise is instructed, he receiveth knowledge.	
Proverbs 21:12	The righteous man wisely considereth the house of the wicked: but God overthroweth the wicked for their wickedness.	
Proverbs 21:20	There is treasure to be desired and oil in the dwelling of the wise; but a foolish man spendeth it up.	
Proverbs 21:21	He that followeth after righteousness and mercy findeth life, righteousness, and honour.	
Proverbs 21:23	Whoso keepeth his mouth and his tongue keepeth his soul from troubles.	
Proverbs 21:28	A false witness shall perish: but the man that heareth speaketh constantly.	
Proverbs 21:9	It is better to dwell in a corner of the housetop, than with a brawling woman in a wide house.	
Proverbs 22:12	The eyes of the LORD preserve knowledge, and he overthroweth the words of the transgressor.	
Proverbs 22:13	The slothful man saith, There is a lion without, I shall be slain in the streets.	
Proverbs 22:20	Have not I written to thee excellent things in counsels and knowledge,	
Proverbs 22:5	Thorns and snares are in the way of the froward: he that doth keep his soul shall be far from them.	
Proverbs 23:10	Remove not the old landmark; and enter not into the fields of the fatherless:	
Proverbs 23:15	My son, if thine heart be wise, my heart shall rejoice, even mine.	
Proverbs 23:16	Yea, my reins shall rejoice, when thy lips speak right things.	
Proverbs 23:19	Hear thou, my son, and be wise, and guide thine heart in the way.	
Proverbs 23:3	Be not desirous of his dainties: for they are deceitful meat.	
Proverbs 23:30	They that tarry long at the wine; they that go to seek mixed wine.	
Proverbs 23:32	At the last it biteth like a serpent, and stingeth like an adder.	
Proverbs 23:33	Thine eyes shall behold strange women, and thine heart shall utter perverse things.	
Proverbs 23:35	They have stricken me, shalt thou say, and I was not sick; they have beaten me, and I felt it not: when shall I awake? I will seek it yet again.	
Proverbs 23:5	Wilt thou set thine eyes upon that which is not? for riches certainly make themselves wings; they fly away as an eagle toward heaven.	
Proverbs 24:10	If thou faint in the day of adversity, thy strength is small.	
Proverbs 24:11	If thou forbear to deliver them that are drawn unto death, and those that are ready to be slain;	
Proverbs 24:23	These things also belong to the wise. It is not good to have respect of persons in judgment.	
Proverbs 24:3	Through wisdom is an house builded; and by understanding it is established:	
Proverbs 24:4	And by knowledge shall the chambers be filled with all precious and pleasant riches.	
Proverbs 25:10	Lest he that heareth it put thee to shame, and thine infamy turn not away.	
Proverbs 25:11	A word fitly spoken is like apples of gold in pictures of silver.	
Proverbs 25:14	Whoso boasteth himself of a false gift is like clouds and wind without rain.	
Proverbs 25:15	By long forbearing is a prince persuaded, and a soft tongue breaketh the bone.	
Proverbs 25:18	A man that beareth false witness against his neighbour is a maul, and a sword, and a sharp arrow.	
Proverbs 25:19	Confidence in an unfaithful man in time of trouble is like a broken tooth, and a foot out of joint.	
Proverbs 25:22	For thou shalt heap coals of fire upon his head, and the LORD shall reward thee.	
Proverbs 25:27	It is not good to eat much honey: so for men to search their own glory is not glory.	
Proverbs 25:28	He that hath no rule over his own spirit is like a city that is broken down, and without walls.	
Proverbs 25:4	Take away the dross from the silver, and there shall come forth a vessel for the finer.	
Proverbs 26:18	As a mad man who casteth firebrands, arrows, and death,	
Proverbs 26:20	Where no wood is, there the fire goeth out: so where there is no talebearer, the strife ceaseth.	
Proverbs 26:24	He that hateth dissembleth with his lips, and layeth up deceit within him;	
Proverbs 26:26	Whose hatred is covered by deceit, his wickedness shall be shewed before the whole congregation.	
Proverbs 26:3	A whip for the horse, a bridle for the ass, and a rod for the fool's back.	
Proverbs 26:5	Answer a fool according to his folly, lest he be wise in his own conceit.	
Proverbs 27:16	Whosoever hideth her hideth the wind, and the ointment of his right hand, which bewrayeth itself.	
Proverbs 27:18	Whoso keepeth the fig tree shall eat the fruit thereof: so he that waiteth on his master shall be honoured.	
Proverbs 27:20	Hell and destruction are never full; so the eyes of man are never satisfied.	
Proverbs 27:25	The hay appeareth, and the tender grass sheweth itself, and herbs of the mountains are gathered.	
Proverbs 27:3	A stone is heavy, and the sand weighty; but a fool's wrath is heavier than them both.	
Proverbs 27:4	Wrath is cruel, and anger is outrageous; but who is able to stand before envy?	
Proverbs 27:6	Faithful are the wounds of a friend; but the kisses of an enemy are deceitful.	
Proverbs 27:9	Ointment and perfume rejoice the heart: so doth the sweetness of a man's friend by hearty counsel.	
Proverbs 28:11	The rich man is wise in his own conceit; but the poor that hath understanding searcheth him out.	
Proverbs 28:16	The prince that wanteth understanding is also a great oppressor: but he that hateth covetousness shall prolong his days.	
Proverbs 28:2	For the transgression of a land many are the princes thereof: but by a man of understanding and knowledge the state thereof shall be prolonged.	
Proverbs 28:20	A faithful man shall abound with blessings: but he that maketh haste to be rich shall not be innocent.	
Proverbs 28:23	He that rebuketh a man afterwards shall find more favour than he that flattereth with the tongue.	
Proverbs 28:9	He that turneth away his ear from hearing the law, even his prayer shall be abomination.	
Proverbs 29:10	The bloodthirsty hate the upright: but the just seek his soul.	
Proverbs 29:13	The poor and the deceitful man meet together: the LORD lighteneth both their eyes.	
Proverbs 29:21	He that delicately bringeth up his servant from a child shall have him become his son at the length.	
Proverbs 29:23	A man's pride shall bring him low: but honour shall uphold the humble in spirit.	
Proverbs 29:25	The fear of man bringeth a snare: but whoso putteth his trust in the LORD shall be safe.	
Proverbs 29:4	The king by judgment establisheth the land: but he that receiveth gifts overthroweth it.	
Proverbs 29:5	A man that flattereth his neighbour spreadeth a net for his feet.	
Proverbs 29:9	If a wise man contendeth with a foolish man, whether he rage or laugh, there is no rest.	
Proverbs 2:10	When wisdom entereth into thine heart, and knowledge is pleasant unto thy soul;	
Proverbs 2:11	Discretion shall preserve thee, understanding shall keep thee:	
Proverbs 2:2	So that thou incline thine ear unto wisdom, and apply thine heart to understanding;	
Proverbs 2:20	That thou mayest walk in the way of good men, and keep the paths of the righteous.	
Proverbs 2:9	Then shalt thou understand righteousness, and judgment, and equity; yea, every good path.	
Proverbs 30:1	The words of Agur the son of Jakeh, even the prophecy: the man spake unto Ithiel, even unto Ithiel and Ucal,	
Proverbs 30:15	The horseleach hath two daughters, crying, Give, give. There are three things that are never satisfied, yea, four things say not, It is enough:	
Proverbs 30:18	There be three things which are too wonderful for me, yea, four which I know not:	
Proverbs 30:30	A lion which is strongest among beasts, and turneth not away for any;	
Proverbs 30:4	Who hath ascended up into heaven, or descended? who hath gathered the wind in his fists? who hath bound the waters in a garment? who hath established all the ends of the earth? what is his name, and what is his son's name, if thou canst tell?	
Proverbs 30:6	Add thou not unto his words, lest he reprove thee, and thou be found a liar.	
Proverbs 31:1	The words of king Lemuel, the prophecy that his mother taught him.	
Proverbs 31:14	She is like the merchants' ships; she bringeth her food from afar.	
Proverbs 31:2	What, my son? and what, the son of my womb? and what, the son of my vows?	
Proverbs 31:20	She stretcheth out her hand to the poor; yea, she reacheth forth her hands to the needy.	
Proverbs 31:23	Her husband is known in the gates, when he sitteth among the elders of the land.	
Proverbs 31:25	Strength and honour are her clothing; and she shall rejoice in time to come.	
Proverbs 31:26	She openeth her mouth with wisdom; and in her tongue is the law of kindness.	
Proverbs 31:30	Favour is deceitful, and beauty is vain: but a woman that feareth the LORD, she shall be praised.	
Proverbs 31:31	Give her of the fruit of her hands; and let her own works praise her in the gates.	
Proverbs 31:4	It is not for kings, O Lemuel, it is not for kings to drink wine; nor for princes strong drink:	
Proverbs 3:14	For the merchandise of it is better than the merchandise of silver, and the gain thereof than fine gold.	
Proverbs 3:19	The LORD by wisdom hath founded the earth; by understanding hath he established the heavens.	
Proverbs 3:20	By his knowledge the depths are broken up, and the clouds drop down the dew.	
Proverbs 3:27	Withhold not good from them to whom it is due, when it is in the power of thine hand to do it.	
Proverbs 3:3	Let not mercy and truth forsake thee: bind them about thy neck; write them upon the table of thine heart:	
Proverbs 3:32	For the froward is abomination to the LORD: but his secret is with the righteous.	
Proverbs 3:5	Trust in the LORD with all thine heart; and lean not unto thine own understanding.	
Proverbs 4:10	Hear, O my son, and receive my sayings; and the years of thy life shall be many.	
Proverbs 4:11	I have taught thee in the way of wisdom; I have led thee in right paths.	
Proverbs 4:22	For they are life unto those that find them, and health to all their flesh.	
Proverbs 4:24	Put away from thee a froward mouth, and perverse lips put far from thee.	
Proverbs 4:26	Ponder the path of thy feet, and let all thy ways be established.	
Proverbs 4:3	For I was my father's son, tender and only beloved in the sight of my mother.	
Proverbs 4:5	Get wisdom, get understanding: forget it not; neither decline from the words of my mouth.	
Proverbs 4:6	Forsake her not, and she shall preserve thee: love her, and she shall keep thee.	
Proverbs 5:10	Lest strangers be filled with thy wealth; and thy labours be in the house of a stranger;	
Proverbs 5:15	Drink waters out of thine own cistern, and running waters out of thine own well.	
Proverbs 5:16	Let thy fountains be dispersed abroad, and rivers of waters in the streets.	
Proverbs 5:2	That thou mayest regard discretion, and that thy lips may keep knowledge.	
Proverbs 5:22	His own iniquities shall take the wicked himself, and he shall be holden with the cords of his sins.	
Proverbs 5:23	He shall die without instruction; and in the greatness of his folly he shall go astray.	
Proverbs 5:5	Her feet go down to death; her steps take hold on hell.	
Proverbs 5:6	Lest thou shouldest ponder the path of life, her ways are moveable, that thou canst not know them.	
Proverbs 5:9	Lest thou give thine honour unto others, and thy years unto the cruel:	
Proverbs 6:13	He winketh with his eyes, he speaketh with his feet, he teacheth with his fingers;	
Proverbs 6:14	Frowardness is in his heart, he deviseth mischief continually; he soweth discord.	
Proverbs 6:19	A false witness that speaketh lies, and he that soweth discord among brethren.	
Proverbs 7:11	(She is loud and stubborn; her feet abide not in her house:	
Proverbs 7:12	Now is she without, now in the streets, and lieth in wait at every corner.)	
Proverbs 7:13	So she caught him, and kissed him, and with an impudent face said unto him,	
Proverbs 7:17	I have perfumed my bed with myrrh, aloes, and cinnamon.	
Proverbs 7:22	He goeth after her straightway, as an ox goeth to the slaughter, or as a fool to the correction of the stocks;	
Proverbs 7:25	Let not thine heart decline to her ways, go not astray in her paths.	
Proverbs 7:27	Her house is the way to hell, going down to the chambers of death.	
Proverbs 7:6	For at the window of my house I looked through my casement,	
Proverbs 8:10	Receive my instruction, and not silver; and knowledge rather than choice gold.	
Proverbs 8:11	For wisdom is better than rubies; and all the things that may be desired are not to be compared to it.	
Proverbs 8:21	That I may cause those that love me to inherit substance; and I will fill their treasures.	
Proverbs 8:22	The LORD possessed me in the beginning of his way, before his works of old.	
Proverbs 8:25	Before the mountains were settled, before the hills was I brought forth:	
Proverbs 8:30	Then I was by him, as one brought up with him: and I was daily his delight, rejoicing always before him;	
Proverbs 8:35	For whoso findeth me findeth life, and shall obtain favour of the LORD.	
Proverbs 8:36	But he that sinneth against me wrongeth his own soul: all they that hate me love death.	
Proverbs 8:4	Unto you, O men, I call; and my voice is to the sons of man.	
Proverbs 8:7	For my mouth shall speak truth; and wickedness is an abomination to my lips.	
Proverbs 9:13	A foolish woman is clamorous: she is simple, and knoweth nothing.	
Proverbs 9:16	Whoso is simple, let him turn in hither: and as for him that wanteth understanding, she saith to him,	
Proverbs 9:17	Stolen waters are sweet, and bread eaten in secret is pleasant.	
Proverbs 9:4	Whoso is simple, let him turn in hither: as for him that wanteth understanding, she saith to him,	
Psalms 101:3	I will set no wicked thing before mine eyes: I hate the work of them that turn aside; it shall not cleave to me.	
Psalms 101:4	A froward heart shall depart from me: I will not know a wicked person.	
Psalms 102:18	This shall be written for the generation to come: and the people which shall be created shall praise the LORD.	
Psalms 102:21	To declare the name of the LORD in Zion, and his praise in Jerusalem;	
Psalms 102:28	The children of thy servants shall continue, and their seed shall be established before thee.	
Psalms 102:5	By reason of the voice of my groaning my bones cleave to my skin.	
Psalms 102:9	For I have eaten ashes like bread, and mingled my drink with weeping.	
Psalms 103:1	Bless the LORD, O my soul: and all that is within me, bless his holy name.	
Psalms 103:10	He hath not dealt with us after our sins; nor rewarded us according to our iniquities.	
Psalms 103:12	As far as the east is from the west, so far hath he removed our transgressions from us.	
Psalms 103:13	Like as a father pitieth his children, so the LORD pitieth them that fear him.	
Psalms 103:9	He will not always chide: neither will he keep his anger for ever.	
Psalms 104:21	The young lions roar after their prey, and seek their meat from God.	
Psalms 104:29	Thou hidest thy face, they are troubled: thou takest away their breath, they die, and return to their dust.	
Psalms 104:33	I will sing unto the LORD as long as I live: I will sing praise to my God while I have my being.	
Psalms 105:17	He sent a man before them, even Joseph, who was sold for a servant:	
Psalms 105:18	Whose feet they hurt with fetters: he was laid in iron:	
Psalms 105:21	He made him lord of his house, and ruler of all his substance:	
Psalms 105:27	They shewed his signs among them, and wonders in the land of Ham.	
Psalms 105:29	He turned their waters into blood, and slew their fish.	
Psalms 105:33	He smote their vines also and their fig trees; and brake the trees of their coasts.	
Psalms 105:4	Seek the LORD, and his strength: seek his face evermore.	
Psalms 105:41	He opened the rock, and the waters gushed out; they ran in the dry places like a river.	
Psalms 105:43	And he brought forth his people with joy, and his chosen with gladness:	
Psalms 105:5	Remember his marvellous works that he hath done; his wonders, and the judgments of his mouth;	
Psalms 105:7	He is the LORD our God: his judgments are in all the earth.	
Psalms 106:1	Praise ye the LORD. O give thanks unto the LORD; for he is good: for his mercy endureth for ever.	
Psalms 106:12	Then believed they his words; they sang his praise.	
Psalms 106:14	But lusted exceedingly in the wilderness, and tempted God in the desert.	
Psalms 106:18	And a fire was kindled in their company; the flame burned up the wicked.	
Psalms 106:25	But murmured in their tents, and hearkened not unto the voice of the LORD.	
Psalms 106:31	And that was counted unto him for righteousness unto all generations for evermore.	
Psalms 106:39	Thus were they defiled with their own works, and went a whoring with their own inventions.	
Psalms 106:40	Therefore was the wrath of the LORD kindled against his people, insomuch that he abhorred his own inheritance.	
Psalms 106:5	That I may see the good of thy chosen, that I may rejoice in the gladness of thy nation, that I may glory with thine inheritance.	
Psalms 106:8	Nevertheless he saved them for his name's sake, that he might make his mighty power to be known.	
Psalms 107:14	He brought them out of darkness and the shadow of death, and brake their bands in sunder.	
Psalms 107:19	Then they cry unto the LORD in their trouble, and he saveth them out of their distresses.	
Psalms 107:21	Oh that men would praise the LORD for his goodness, and for his wonderful works to the children of men!	
Psalms 107:28	Then they cry unto the LORD in their trouble, and he bringeth them out of their distresses.	
Psalms 107:3	And gathered them out of the lands, from the east, and from the west, from the north, and from the south.	
Psalms 107:30	Then are they glad because they be quiet; so he bringeth them unto their desired haven.	
Psalms 107:36	And there he maketh the hungry to dwell, that they may prepare a city for habitation;	
Psalms 107:37	And sow the fields, and plant vineyards, which may yield fruits of increase.	
Psalms 107:39	Again, they are minished and brought low through oppression, affliction, and sorrow.	
Psalms 107:43	Whoso is wise, and will observe these things, even they shall understand the lovingkindness of the LORD.	
Psalms 108:10	Who will bring me into the strong city? who will lead me into Edom?	
Psalms 108:11	Wilt not thou, O God, who hast cast us off? and wilt not thou, O God, go forth with our hosts?	
Psalms 108:4	For thy mercy is great above the heavens: and thy truth reacheth unto the clouds.	
Psalms 108:6	That thy beloved may be delivered: save with thy right hand, and answer me.	
Psalms 109:13	Let his posterity be cut off; and in the generation following let their name be blotted out.	
Psalms 109:17	As he loved cursing, so let it come unto him: as he delighted not in blessing, so let it be far from him.	
Psalms 109:22	For I am poor and needy, and my heart is wounded within me.	
Psalms 109:23	I am gone like the shadow when it declineth: I am tossed up and down as the locust.	
Psalms 109:25	I became also a reproach unto them: when they looked upon me they shaked their heads.	
Psalms 109:28	Let them curse, but bless thou: when they arise, let them be ashamed; but let thy servant rejoice.	
Psalms 109:3	They compassed me about also with words of hatred; and fought against me without a cause.	
Psalms 109:31	For he shall stand at the right hand of the poor, to save him from those that condemn his soul.	
Psalms 109:8	Let his days be few; and let another take his office.	
Psalms 109:9	Let his children be fatherless, and his wife a widow.	
Psalms 10:11	He hath said in his heart, God hath forgotten: he hideth his face; he will never see it.	
Psalms 10:14	Thou hast seen it; for thou beholdest mischief and spite, to requite it with thy hand: the poor committeth himself unto thee; thou art the helper of the fatherless.	
Psalms 10:15	Break thou the arm of the wicked and the evil man: seek out his wickedness till thou find none.	
Psalms 10:18	To judge the fatherless and the oppressed, that the man of the earth may no more oppress.	
Psalms 10:5	His ways are always grievous; thy judgments are far above out of his sight: as for all his enemies, he puffeth at them.	
Psalms 10:6	He hath said in his heart, I shall not be moved: for I shall never be in adversity.	
Psalms 10:9	He lieth in wait secretly as a lion in his den: he lieth in wait to catch the poor: he doth catch the poor, when he draweth him into his net.	
Psalms 110:7	He shall drink of the brook in the way: therefore shall he lift up the head.	
Psalms 111:4	He hath made his wonderful works to be remembered: the LORD is gracious and full of compassion.	
Psalms 112:1	Praise ye the LORD. Blessed is the man that feareth the LORD, that delighteth greatly in his commandments.	
Psalms 112:5	A good man sheweth favour, and lendeth: he will guide his affairs with discretion.	
Psalms 112:8	His heart is established, he shall not be afraid, until he see his desire upon his enemies.	
Psalms 113:2	Blessed be the name of the LORD from this time forth and for evermore.	
Psalms 113:7	He raiseth up the poor out of the dust, and lifteth the needy out of the dunghill;	
Psalms 114:1	When Israel went out of Egypt, the house of Jacob from a people of strange language;	
Psalms 114:7	Tremble, thou earth, at the presence of the Lord, at the presence of the God of Jacob;	
Psalms 115:14	The LORD shall increase you more and more, you and your children.	
Psalms 115:2	Wherefore should the heathen say, Where is now their God?	
Psalms 115:9	O Israel, trust thou in the LORD: he is their help and their shield.	
Psalms 116:15	Precious in the sight of the LORD is the death of his saints.	
Psalms 116:8	For thou hast delivered my soul from death, mine eyes from tears, and my feet from falling.	
Psalms 117:1	O praise the LORD, all ye nations: praise him, all ye people.	
Psalms 117:2	For his merciful kindness is great toward us: and the truth of the LORD endureth for ever. Praise ye the LORD.	
Psalms 118:11	They compassed me about; yea, they compassed me about: but in the name of the LORD I will destroy them.	
Psalms 118:12	They compassed me about like bees: they are quenched as the fire of thorns: for in the name of the LORD I will destroy them.	
Psalms 118:20	This gate of the LORD, into which the righteous shall enter.	
Psalms 118:4	Let them now that fear the LORD say, that his mercy endureth for ever.	
Psalms 118:9	It is better to trust in the LORD than to put confidence in princes.	
Psalms 119:1	Blessed are the undefiled in the way, who walk in the law of the LORD.	
Psalms 119:100	I understand more than the ancients, because I keep thy precepts.	
Psalms 119:103	How sweet are thy words unto my taste! yea, sweeter than honey to my mouth!	
Psalms 119:108	Accept, I beseech thee, the freewill offerings of my mouth, O LORD, and teach me thy judgments.	
Psalms 119:117	Hold thou me up, and I shall be safe: and I will have respect unto thy statutes continually.	
Psalms 119:120	My flesh trembleth for fear of thee; and I am afraid of thy judgments.	
Psalms 119:128	Therefore I esteem all thy precepts concerning all things to be right; and I hate every false way.	
Psalms 119:140	Thy word is very pure: therefore thy servant loveth it.	
Psalms 119:142	Thy righteousness is an everlasting righteousness, and thy law is the truth.	
Psalms 119:143	Trouble and anguish have taken hold on me: yet thy commandments are my delights.	
Psalms 119:146	I cried unto thee; save me, and I shall keep thy testimonies.	
Psalms 119:151	Thou art near, O LORD; and all thy commandments are truth.	
Psalms 119:154	Plead my cause, and deliver me: quicken me according to thy word.	
Psalms 119:158	I beheld the transgressors, and was grieved; because they kept not thy word.	
Psalms 119:160	Thy word is true from the beginning: and every one of thy righteous judgments endureth for ever.	
Psalms 119:163	I hate and abhor lying: but thy law do I love.	
Psalms 119:169	Let my cry come near before thee, O LORD: give me understanding according to thy word.	
Psalms 119:17	Deal bountifully with thy servant, that I may live, and keep thy word.	
Psalms 119:174	I have longed for thy salvation, O LORD; and thy law is my delight.	
Psalms 119:23	Princes also did sit and speak against me: but thy servant did meditate in thy statutes.	
Psalms 119:25	My soul cleaveth unto the dust: quicken thou me according to thy word.	
Psalms 119:26	I have declared my ways, and thou heardest me: teach me thy statutes.	
Psalms 119:31	I have stuck unto thy testimonies: O LORD, put me not to shame.	
Psalms 119:33	Teach me, O LORD, the way of thy statutes; and I shall keep it unto the end.	
Psalms 119:34	Give me understanding, and I shall keep thy law; yea, I shall observe it with my whole heart.	
Psalms 119:38	Stablish thy word unto thy servant, who is devoted to thy fear.	
Psalms 119:39	Turn away my reproach which I fear: for thy judgments are good.	
Psalms 119:44	So shall I keep thy law continually for ever and ever.	
Psalms 119:45	And I will walk at liberty: for I seek thy precepts.	
Psalms 119:46	I will speak of thy testimonies also before kings, and will not be ashamed.	
Psalms 119:52	I remembered thy judgments of old, O LORD; and have comforted myself.	
Psalms 119:53	Horror hath taken hold upon me because of the wicked that forsake thy law.	
Psalms 119:54	Thy statutes have been my songs in the house of my pilgrimage.	
Psalms 119:55	I have remembered thy name, O LORD, in the night, and have kept thy law.	
Psalms 119:59	I thought on my ways, and turned my feet unto thy testimonies.	
Psalms 119:61	The bands of the wicked have robbed me: but I have not forgotten thy law.	
Psalms 119:62	At midnight I will rise to give thanks unto thee because of thy righteous judgments.	
Psalms 119:63	I am a companion of all them that fear thee, and of them that keep thy precepts.	
Psalms 119:64	The earth, O LORD, is full of thy mercy: teach me thy statutes.	
Psalms 119:7	I will praise thee with uprightness of heart, when I shall have learned thy righteous judgments.	
Psalms 119:70	Their heart is as fat as grease; but I delight in thy law.	
Psalms 119:73	Thy hands have made me and fashioned me: give me understanding, that I may learn thy commandments.	
Psalms 119:9	Wherewithal shall a young man cleanse his way? by taking heed thereto according to thy word.	
Psalms 119:91	They continue this day according to thine ordinances: for all are thy servants.	
Psalms 119:92	Unless thy law had been my delights, I should then have perished in mine affliction.	
Psalms 119:93	I will never forget thy precepts: for with them thou hast quickened me.	
Psalms 119:99	I have more understanding than all my teachers: for thy testimonies are my meditation.	
Psalms 120:1	In my distress I cried unto the LORD, and he heard me.	
Psalms 120:5	Woe is me, that I sojourn in Mesech, that I dwell in the tents of Kedar!	
Psalms 121:5	The LORD is thy keeper: the LORD is thy shade upon thy right hand.	
Psalms 122:1	I was glad when they said unto me, Let us go into the house of the LORD.	
Psalms 122:2	Our feet shall stand within thy gates, O Jerusalem.	
Psalms 122:6	Pray for the peace of Jerusalem: they shall prosper that love thee.	
Psalms 122:9	Because of the house of the LORD our God I will seek thy good.	
Psalms 125:3	For the rod of the wicked shall not rest upon the lot of the righteous; lest the righteous put forth their hands unto iniquity.	
Psalms 126:4	Turn again our captivity, O LORD, as the streams in the south.	
Psalms 127:2	It is vain for you to rise up early, to sit up late, to eat the bread of sorrows: for so he giveth his beloved sleep.	
Psalms 127:4	As arrows are in the hand of a mighty man; so are children of the youth.	
Psalms 128:5	The LORD shall bless thee out of Zion: and thou shalt see the good of Jerusalem all the days of thy life.	
Psalms 129:5	Let them all be confounded and turned back that hate Zion.	
Psalms 129:8	Neither do they which go by say, The blessing of the LORD be upon you: we bless you in the name of the LORD.	
Psalms 12:1	Help, LORD; for the godly man ceaseth; for the faithful fail from among the children of men.	
Psalms 12:4	Who have said, With our tongue will we prevail; our lips are our own: who is lord over us?	
Psalms 12:7	Thou shalt keep them, O LORD, thou shalt preserve them from this generation for ever.	
Psalms 12:8	The wicked walk on every side, when the vilest men are exalted.	
Psalms 130:4	But there is forgiveness with thee, that thou mayest be feared.	
Psalms 132:6	Lo, we heard of it at Ephratah: we found it in the fields of the wood.	
Psalms 132:9	Let thy priests be clothed with righteousness; and let thy saints shout for joy.	
Psalms 133:1	Behold, how good and how pleasant it is for brethren to dwell together in unity!	
Psalms 133:3	As the dew of Hermon, and as the dew that descended upon the mountains of Zion: for there the LORD commanded the blessing, even life for evermore.	
Psalms 135:1	Praise ye the LORD. Praise ye the name of the LORD; praise him, O ye servants of the LORD.	
Psalms 135:2	Ye that stand in the house of the LORD, in the courts of the house of our God.	
Psalms 135:7	He causeth the vapours to ascend from the ends of the earth; he maketh lightnings for the rain; he bringeth the wind out of his treasuries.	
Psalms 136:22	Even an heritage unto Israel his servant: for his mercy endureth for ever.	
Psalms 136:8	The sun to rule by day: for his mercy endureth for ever:	
Psalms 137:1	By the rivers of Babylon, there we sat down, yea, we wept, when we remembered Zion.	
Psalms 137:2	We hanged our harps upon the willows in the midst thereof.	
Psalms 137:3	For there they that carried us away captive required of us a song; and they that wasted us required of us mirth, saying, Sing us one of the songs of Zion.	
Psalms 137:5	If I forget thee, O Jerusalem, let my right hand forget her cunning.	
Psalms 137:7	Remember, O LORD, the children of Edom in the day of Jerusalem; who said, Rase it, rase it, even to the foundation thereof.	
Psalms 138:1	I will praise thee with my whole heart: before the gods will I sing praise unto thee.	
Psalms 139:14	I will praise thee; for I am fearfully and wonderfully made: marvellous are thy works; and that my soul knoweth right well.	
Psalms 139:17	How precious also are thy thoughts unto me, O God! how great is the sum of them!	
Psalms 139:18	If I should count them, they are more in number than the sand: when I awake, I am still with thee.	
Psalms 139:19	Surely thou wilt slay the wicked, O God: depart from me therefore, ye bloody men.	
Psalms 139:20	For they speak against thee wickedly, and thine enemies take thy name in vain.	
Psalms 139:23	Search me, O God, and know my heart: try me, and know my thoughts:	
Psalms 139:4	For there is not a word in my tongue, but, lo, O LORD, thou knowest it altogether.	
Psalms 13:4	Lest mine enemy say, I have prevailed against him; and those that trouble me rejoice when I am moved.	
Psalms 140:10	Let burning coals fall upon them: let them be cast into the fire; into deep pits, that they rise not up again.	
Psalms 140:11	Let not an evil speaker be established in the earth: evil shall hunt the violent man to overthrow him.	
Psalms 140:12	I know that the LORD will maintain the cause of the afflicted, and the right of the poor.	
Psalms 140:3	They have sharpened their tongues like a serpent; adders' poison is under their lips. Selah.	
Psalms 140:7	O GOD the Lord, the strength of my salvation, thou hast covered my head in the day of battle.	
Psalms 140:9	As for the head of those that compass me about, let the mischief of their own lips cover them.	
Psalms 141:10	Let the wicked fall into their own nets, whilst that I withal escape.	
Psalms 141:2	Let my prayer be set forth before thee as incense; and the lifting up of my hands as the evening sacrifice.	
Psalms 141:4	Incline not my heart to any evil thing, to practise wicked works with men that work iniquity: and let me not eat of their dainties.	
Psalms 141:9	Keep me from the snares which they have laid for me, and the gins of the workers of iniquity.	
Psalms 142:3	When my spirit was overwhelmed within me, then thou knewest my path. In the way wherein I walked have they privily laid a snare for me.	
Psalms 143:11	Quicken me, O LORD, for thy name's sake: for thy righteousness' sake bring my soul out of trouble.	
Psalms 143:2	And enter not into judgment with thy servant: for in thy sight shall no man living be justified.	
Psalms 143:5	I remember the days of old; I meditate on all thy works; I muse on the work of thy hands.	
Psalms 143:8	Cause me to hear thy lovingkindness in the morning; for in thee do I trust: cause me to know the way wherein I should walk; for I lift up my soul unto thee.	
Psalms 144:1	Blessed be the LORD my strength which teacheth my hands to war, and my fingers to fight:	
Psalms 144:10	It is he that giveth salvation unto kings: who delivereth David his servant from the hurtful sword.	
Psalms 144:15	Happy is that people, that is in such a case: yea, happy is that people, whose God is the LORD.	
Psalms 144:2	My goodness, and my fortress; my high tower, and my deliverer; my shield, and he in whom I trust; who subdueth my people under me.	
Psalms 144:3	LORD, what is man, that thou takest knowledge of him! or the son of man, that thou makest account of him!	
Psalms 144:6	Cast forth lightning, and scatter them: shoot out thine arrows, and destroy them.	
Psalms 144:8	Whose mouth speaketh vanity, and their right hand is a right hand of falsehood.	
Psalms 145:16	Thou openest thine hand, and satisfiest the desire of every living thing.	
Psalms 145:2	Every day will I bless thee; and I will praise thy name for ever and ever.	
Psalms 145:3	Great is the LORD, and greatly to be praised; and his greatness is unsearchable.	
Psalms 146:1	Praise ye the LORD. Praise the LORD, O my soul.	
Psalms 146:2	While I live will I praise the LORD: I will sing praises unto my God while I have any being.	
Psalms 147:11	The LORD taketh pleasure in them that fear him, in those that hope in his mercy.	
Psalms 147:16	He giveth snow like wool: he scattereth the hoarfrost like ashes.	
Psalms 147:3	He healeth the broken in heart, and bindeth up their wounds.	
Psalms 147:6	The LORD lifteth up the meek: he casteth the wicked down to the ground.	
Psalms 148:6	He hath also stablished them for ever and ever: he hath made a decree which shall not pass.	
Psalms 148:8	Fire, and hail; snow, and vapours; stormy wind fulfilling his word:	
Psalms 149:1	Praise ye the LORD. Sing unto the LORD a new song, and his praise in the congregation of saints.	
Psalms 149:5	Let the saints be joyful in glory: let them sing aloud upon their beds.	
Psalms 14:1	The fool hath said in his heart, There is no God. They are corrupt, they have done abominable works, there is none that doeth good.	
Psalms 14:3	They are all gone aside, they are all together become filthy: there is none that doeth good, no, not one.	
Psalms 14:5	There were they in great fear: for God is in the generation of the righteous.	
Psalms 14:7	Oh that the salvation of Israel were come out of Zion! when the LORD bringeth back the captivity of his people, Jacob shall rejoice, and Israel shall be glad.	
Psalms 150:5	Praise him upon the loud cymbals: praise him upon the high sounding cymbals.	
Psalms 15:3	He that backbiteth not with his tongue, nor doeth evil to his neighbour, nor taketh up a reproach against his neighbour.	
Psalms 16:1	Preserve me, O God: for in thee do I put my trust.	
Psalms 16:4	Their sorrows shall be multiplied that hasten after another god: their drink offerings of blood will I not offer, nor take up their names into my lips.	
Psalms 16:5	The LORD is the portion of mine inheritance and of my cup: thou maintainest my lot.	
Psalms 17:11	They have now compassed us in our steps: they have set their eyes bowing down to the earth;	
Psalms 17:12	Like as a lion that is greedy of his prey, and as it were a young lion lurking in secret places.	
Psalms 17:2	Let my sentence come forth from thy presence; let thine eyes behold the things that are equal.	
Psalms 17:7	Shew thy marvellous lovingkindness, O thou that savest by thy right hand them which put their trust in thee from those that rise up against them.	
Psalms 17:9	From the wicked that oppress me, from my deadly enemies, who compass me about.	
Psalms 18:14	Yea, he sent out his arrows, and scattered them; and he shot out lightnings, and discomfited them.	
Psalms 18:19	He brought me forth also into a large place; he delivered me, because he delighted in me.	
Psalms 18:20	The LORD rewarded me according to my righteousness; according to the cleanness of my hands hath he recompensed me.	
Psalms 18:33	He maketh my feet like hinds' feet, and setteth me upon my high places.	
Psalms 18:34	He teacheth my hands to war, so that a bow of steel is broken by mine arms.	
Psalms 18:49	Therefore will I give thanks unto thee, O LORD, among the heathen, and sing praises unto thy name.	
Psalms 19:1	The heavens declare the glory of God; and the firmament sheweth his handywork.	
Psalms 19:10	More to be desired are they than gold, yea, than much fine gold: sweeter also than honey and the honeycomb.	
Psalms 19:2	Day unto day uttereth speech, and night unto night sheweth knowledge.	
Psalms 19:4	Their line is gone out through all the earth, and their words to the end of the world. In them hath he set a tabernacle for the sun,	
Psalms 20:7	Some trust in chariots, and some in horses: but we will remember the name of the LORD our God.	
Psalms 20:9	Save, LORD: let the king hear us when we call.	
Psalms 21:13	Be thou exalted, LORD, in thine own strength: so will we sing and praise thy power.	
Psalms 21:6	For thou hast made him most blessed for ever: thou hast made him exceeding glad with thy countenance.	
Psalms 22:10	I was cast upon thee from the womb: thou art my God from my mother's belly.	
Psalms 22:16	For dogs have compassed me: the assembly of the wicked have inclosed me: they pierced my hands and my feet.	
Psalms 22:17	I may tell all my bones: they look and stare upon me.	
Psalms 22:24	For he hath not despised nor abhorred the affliction of the afflicted; neither hath he hid his face from him; but when he cried unto him, he heard.	
Psalms 22:26	The meek shall eat and be satisfied: they shall praise the LORD that seek him: your heart shall live for ever.	
Psalms 22:30	A seed shall serve him; it shall be accounted to the Lord for a generation.	
Psalms 22:4	Our fathers trusted in thee: they trusted, and thou didst deliver them.	
Psalms 22:6	But I am a worm, and no man; a reproach of men, and despised of the people.	
Psalms 22:7	All they that see me laugh me to scorn: they shoot out the lip, they shake the head, saying,	
Psalms 23:4	Yea, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil: for thou art with me; thy rod and thy staff they comfort me.	
Psalms 24:1	The earth is the LORD's, and the fulness thereof; the world, and they that dwell therein.	
Psalms 24:5	He shall receive the blessing from the LORD, and righteousness from the God of his salvation.	
Psalms 25:10	All the paths of the LORD are mercy and truth unto such as keep his covenant and his testimonies.	
Psalms 25:15	Mine eyes are ever toward the LORD; for he shall pluck my feet out of the net.	
Psalms 25:21	Let integrity and uprightness preserve me; for I wait on thee.	
Psalms 25:3	Yea, let none that wait on thee be ashamed: let them be ashamed which transgress without cause.	
Psalms 26:11	But as for me, I will walk in mine integrity: redeem me, and be merciful unto me.	
Psalms 26:12	My foot standeth in an even place: in the congregations will I bless the LORD.	
Psalms 26:2	Examine me, O LORD, and prove me; try my reins and my heart.	
Psalms 26:8	LORD, I have loved the habitation of thy house, and the place where thine honour dwelleth.	
Psalms 26:9	Gather not my soul with sinners, nor my life with bloody men:	
Psalms 27:1	The LORD is my light and my salvation; whom shall I fear? the LORD is the strength of my life; of whom shall I be afraid?	
Psalms 27:2	When the wicked, even mine enemies and my foes, came upon me to eat up my flesh, they stumbled and fell.	
Psalms 27:3	Though an host should encamp against me, my heart shall not fear: though war should rise against me, in this will I be confident.	
Psalms 27:5	For in the time of trouble he shall hide me in his pavilion: in the secret of his tabernacle shall he hide me; he shall set me up upon a rock.	
Psalms 27:8	When thou saidst, Seek ye my face; my heart said unto thee, Thy face, LORD, will I seek.	
Psalms 27:9	Hide not thy face far from me; put not thy servant away in anger: thou hast been my help; leave me not, neither forsake me, O God of my salvation.	
Psalms 28:2	Hear the voice of my supplications, when I cry unto thee, when I lift up my hands toward thy holy oracle.	
Psalms 28:4	Give them according to their deeds, and according to the wickedness of their endeavours: give them after the work of their hands; render to them their desert.	
Psalms 29:3	The voice of the LORD is upon the waters: the God of glory thundereth: the LORD is upon many waters.	
Psalms 29:6	He maketh them also to skip like a calf; Lebanon and Sirion like a young unicorn.	
Psalms 29:9	The voice of the LORD maketh the hinds to calve, and discovereth the forests: and in his temple doth every one speak of his glory.	
Psalms 2:1	Why do the heathen rage, and the people imagine a vain thing?	
Psalms 2:12	Kiss the Son, lest he be angry, and ye perish from the way, when his wrath is kindled but a little. Blessed are all they that put their trust in him.	
Psalms 2:2	The kings of the earth set themselves, and the rulers take counsel together, against the LORD, and against his anointed, saying,	
Psalms 2:6	Yet have I set my king upon my holy hill of Zion.	
Psalms 2:7	I will declare the decree: the LORD hath said unto me, Thou art my Son; this day have I begotten thee.	
Psalms 2:9	Thou shalt break them with a rod of iron; thou shalt dash them in pieces like a potter's vessel.	
Psalms 30:1	I will extol thee, O LORD; for thou hast lifted me up, and hast not made my foes to rejoice over me.	
Psalms 30:12	To the end that my glory may sing praise to thee, and not be silent. O LORD my God, I will give thanks unto thee for ever.	
Psalms 30:4	Sing unto the LORD, O ye saints of his, and give thanks at the remembrance of his holiness.	
Psalms 30:5	For his anger endureth but a moment; in his favour is life: weeping may endure for a night, but joy cometh in the morning.	
Psalms 30:7	LORD, by thy favour thou hast made my mountain to stand strong: thou didst hide thy face, and I was troubled.	
Psalms 31:13	For I have heard the slander of many: fear was on every side: while they took counsel together against me, they devised to take away my life.	
Psalms 31:15	My times are in thy hand: deliver me from the hand of mine enemies, and from them that persecute me.	
Psalms 31:17	Let me not be ashamed, O LORD; for I have called upon thee: let the wicked be ashamed, and let them be silent in the grave.	
Psalms 31:18	Let the lying lips be put to silence; which speak grievous things proudly and contemptuously against the righteous.	
Psalms 31:21	Blessed be the LORD: for he hath shewed me his marvellous kindness in a strong city.	
Psalms 31:3	For thou art my rock and my fortress; therefore for thy name's sake lead me, and guide me.	
Psalms 31:5	Into thine hand I commit my spirit: thou hast redeemed me, O LORD God of truth.	
Psalms 31:6	I have hated them that regard lying vanities: but I trust in the LORD.	
Psalms 32:11	Be glad in the LORD, and rejoice, ye righteous: and shout for joy, all ye that are upright in heart.	
Psalms 32:2	Blessed is the man unto whom the LORD imputeth not iniquity, and in whose spirit there is no guile.	
Psalms 32:4	For day and night thy hand was heavy upon me: my moisture is turned into the drought of summer. Selah.	
Psalms 32:9	Be ye not as the horse, or as the mule, which have no understanding: whose mouth must be held in with bit and bridle, lest they come near unto thee.	
Psalms 33:13	The LORD looketh from heaven; he beholdeth all the sons of men.	
Psalms 33:16	There is no king saved by the multitude of an host: a mighty man is not delivered by much strength.	
Psalms 33:18	Behold, the eye of the LORD is upon them that fear him, upon them that hope in his mercy;	
Psalms 33:2	Praise the LORD with harp: sing unto him with the psaltery and an instrument of ten strings.	
Psalms 34:14	Depart from evil, and do good; seek peace, and pursue it.	
Psalms 34:16	The face of the LORD is against them that do evil, to cut off the remembrance of them from the earth.	
Psalms 34:18	The LORD is nigh unto them that are of a broken heart; and saveth such as be of a contrite spirit.	
Psalms 34:21	Evil shall slay the wicked: and they that hate the righteous shall be desolate.	
Psalms 35:11	False witnesses did rise up; they laid to my charge things that I knew not.	
Psalms 35:13	But as for me, when they were sick, my clothing was sackcloth: I humbled my soul with fasting; and my prayer returned into mine own bosom.	
Psalms 35:14	I behaved myself as though he had been my friend or brother: I bowed down heavily, as one that mourneth for his mother.	
Psalms 35:19	Let not them that are mine enemies wrongfully rejoice over me: neither let them wink with the eye that hate me without a cause.	
Psalms 35:27	Let them shout for joy, and be glad, that favour my righteous cause: yea, let them say continually, Let the LORD be magnified, which hath pleasure in the prosperity of his servant.	
Psalms 35:3	Draw out also the spear, and stop the way against them that persecute me: say unto my soul, I am thy salvation.	
Psalms 35:4	Let them be confounded and put to shame that seek after my soul: let them be turned back and brought to confusion that devise my hurt.	
Psalms 35:9	And my soul shall be joyful in the LORD: it shall rejoice in his salvation.	
Psalms 36:6	Thy righteousness is like the great mountains; thy judgments are a great deep: O LORD, thou preservest man and beast.	
Psalms 36:7	How excellent is thy lovingkindness, O God! therefore the children of men put their trust under the shadow of thy wings.	
Psalms 37:12	The wicked plotteth against the just, and gnasheth upon him with his teeth.	
Psalms 37:14	The wicked have drawn out the sword, and have bent their bow, to cast down the poor and needy, and to slay such as be of upright conversation.	
Psalms 37:16	A little that a righteous man hath is better than the riches of many wicked.	
Psalms 37:19	They shall not be ashamed in the evil time: and in the days of famine they shall be satisfied.	
Psalms 37:2	For they shall soon be cut down like the grass, and wither as the green herb.	
Psalms 37:20	But the wicked shall perish, and the enemies of the LORD shall be as the fat of lambs: they shall consume; into smoke shall they consume away.	
Psalms 37:23	The steps of a good man are ordered by the LORD: and he delighteth in his way.	
Psalms 37:32	The wicked watcheth the righteous, and seeketh to slay him.	
Psalms 37:36	Yet he passed away, and, lo, he was not: yea, I sought him, but he could not be found.	
Psalms 37:38	But the transgressors shall be destroyed together: the end of the wicked shall be cut off.	
Psalms 37:8	Cease from anger, and forsake wrath: fret not thyself in any wise to do evil.	
Psalms 38:12	They also that seek after my life lay snares for me: and they that seek my hurt speak mischievous things, and imagine deceits all the day long.	
Psalms 38:13	But I, as a deaf man, heard not; and I was as a dumb man that openeth not his mouth.	
Psalms 38:14	Thus I was as a man that heareth not, and in whose mouth are no reproofs.	
Psalms 38:17	For I am ready to halt, and my sorrow is continually before me.	
Psalms 38:18	For I will declare mine iniquity; I will be sorry for my sin.	
Psalms 38:21	Forsake me not, O LORD: O my God, be not far from me.	
Psalms 38:9	Lord, all my desire is before thee; and my groaning is not hid from thee.	
Psalms 39:2	I was dumb with silence, I held my peace, even from good; and my sorrow was stirred.	
Psalms 39:5	Behold, thou hast made my days as an handbreadth; and mine age is as nothing before thee: verily every man at his best state is altogether vanity. Selah.	
Psalms 39:6	Surely every man walketh in a vain shew: surely they are disquieted in vain: he heapeth up riches, and knoweth not who shall gather them.	
Psalms 39:7	And now, Lord, what wait I for? my hope is in thee.	
Psalms 3:3	But thou, O LORD, art a shield for me; my glory, and the lifter up of mine head.	
Psalms 3:7	Arise, O LORD; save me, O my God: for thou hast smitten all mine enemies upon the cheek bone; thou hast broken the teeth of the ungodly.	
Psalms 40:11	Withhold not thou thy tender mercies from me, O LORD: let thy lovingkindness and thy truth continually preserve me.	
Psalms 40:12	For innumerable evils have compassed me about: mine iniquities have taken hold upon me, so that I am not able to look up; they are more than the hairs of mine head: therefore my heart faileth me.	
Psalms 40:17	But I am poor and needy; yet the Lord thinketh upon me: thou art my help and my deliverer; make no tarrying, O my God.	
Psalms 40:5	Many, O LORD my God, are thy wonderful works which thou hast done, and thy thoughts which are to us-ward: they cannot be reckoned up in order unto thee: if I would declare and speak of them, they are more than can be numbered.	
Psalms 40:7	Then said I, Lo, I come: in the volume of the book it is written of me,	
Psalms 40:9	I have preached righteousness in the great congregation: lo, I have not refrained my lips, O LORD, thou knowest.	
Psalms 41:1	Blessed is he that considereth the poor: the LORD will deliver him in time of trouble.	
Psalms 41:11	By this I know that thou favourest me, because mine enemy doth not triumph over me.	
Psalms 41:2	The LORD will preserve him, and keep him alive; and he shall be blessed upon the earth: and thou wilt not deliver him unto the will of his enemies.	
Psalms 42:7	Deep calleth unto deep at the noise of thy waterspouts: all thy waves and thy billows are gone over me.	
Psalms 43:2	For thou art the God of my strength: why dost thou cast me off? why go I mourning because of the oppression of the enemy?	
Psalms 44:1	We have heard with our ears, O God, our fathers have told us, what work thou didst in their days, in the times of old.	
Psalms 44:10	Thou makest us to turn back from the enemy: and they which hate us spoil for themselves.	
Psalms 44:17	All this is come upon us; yet have we not forgotten thee, neither have we dealt falsely in thy covenant.	
Psalms 44:2	How thou didst drive out the heathen with thy hand, and plantedst them; how thou didst afflict the people, and cast them out.	
Psalms 44:26	Arise for our help, and redeem us for thy mercies' sake.	
Psalms 44:9	But thou hast cast off, and put us to shame; and goest not forth with our armies.	
Psalms 47:4	He shall choose our inheritance for us, the excellency of Jacob whom he loved. Selah.	
Psalms 48:14	For this God is our God for ever and ever: he will be our guide even unto death.	
Psalms 49:1	Hear this, all ye people; give ear, all ye inhabitants of the world:	
Psalms 49:17	For when he dieth he shall carry nothing away: his glory shall not descend after him.	
Psalms 49:19	He shall go to the generation of his fathers; they shall never see light.	
Psalms 49:4	I will incline mine ear to a parable: I will open my dark saying upon the harp.	
Psalms 49:5	Wherefore should I fear in the days of evil, when the iniquity of my heels shall compass me about?	
Psalms 49:9	That he should still live for ever, and not see corruption.	
Psalms 4:6	There be many that say, Who will shew us any good? LORD, lift thou up the light of thy countenance upon us.	
Psalms 50:1	The mighty God, even the LORD, hath spoken, and called the earth from the rising of the sun unto the going down thereof.	
Psalms 50:12	If I were hungry, I would not tell thee: for the world is mine, and the fulness thereof.	
Psalms 50:22	Now consider this, ye that forget God, lest I tear you in pieces, and there be none to deliver.	
Psalms 50:8	I will not reprove thee for thy sacrifices or thy burnt offerings, to have been continually before me.	
Psalms 51:1	Have mercy upon me, O God, according to thy lovingkindness: according unto the multitude of thy tender mercies blot out my transgressions.	
Psalms 51:14	Deliver me from bloodguiltiness, O God, thou God of my salvation: and my tongue shall sing aloud of thy righteousness.	
Psalms 51:18	Do good in thy good pleasure unto Zion: build thou the walls of Jerusalem.	
Psalms 51:3	For I acknowledge my transgressions: and my sin is ever before me.	
Psalms 51:5	Behold, I was shapen in iniquity; and in sin did my mother conceive me.	
Psalms 51:6	Behold, thou desirest truth in the inward parts: and in the hidden part thou shalt make me to know wisdom.	
Psalms 51:9	Hide thy face from my sins, and blot out all mine iniquities.	
Psalms 52:1	Why boastest thou thyself in mischief, O mighty man? the goodness of God endureth continually.	
Psalms 52:6	The righteous also shall see, and fear, and shall laugh at him:	
Psalms 52:7	Lo, this is the man that made not God his strength; but trusted in the abundance of his riches, and strengthened himself in his wickedness.	
Psalms 53:5	There were they in great fear, where no fear was: for God hath scattered the bones of him that encampeth against thee: thou hast put them to shame, because God hath despised them.	
Psalms 54:1	Save me, O God, by thy name, and judge me by thy strength.	
Psalms 54:2	Hear my prayer, O God; give ear to the words of my mouth.	
Psalms 54:3	For strangers are risen up against me, and oppressors seek after my soul: they have not set God before them. Selah.	
Psalms 54:7	For he hath delivered me out of all trouble: and mine eye hath seen his desire upon mine enemies.	
Psalms 55:16	As for me, I will call upon God; and the LORD shall save me.	
Psalms 55:17	Evening, and morning, and at noon, will I pray, and cry aloud: and he shall hear my voice.	
Psalms 55:21	The words of his mouth were smoother than butter, but war was in his heart: his words were softer than oil, yet were they drawn swords.	
Psalms 55:3	Because of the voice of the enemy, because of the oppression of the wicked: for they cast iniquity upon me, and in wrath they hate me.	
Psalms 55:5	Fearfulness and trembling are come upon me, and horror hath overwhelmed me.	
Psalms 55:6	And I said, Oh that I had wings like a dove! for then would I fly away, and be at rest.	
Psalms 55:7	Lo, then would I wander far off, and remain in the wilderness. Selah.	
Psalms 56:4	In God I will praise his word, in God I have put my trust; I will not fear what flesh can do unto me.	
Psalms 56:9	When I cry unto thee, then shall mine enemies turn back: this I know; for God is for me.	
Psalms 57:1	Be merciful unto me, O God, be merciful unto me: for my soul trusteth in thee: yea, in the shadow of thy wings will I make my refuge, until these calamities be overpast.	
Psalms 57:5	Be thou exalted, O God, above the heavens; let thy glory be above all the earth.	
Psalms 57:6	They have prepared a net for my steps; my soul is bowed down: they have digged a pit before me, into the midst whereof they are fallen themselves. Selah.	
Psalms 57:8	Awake up, my glory; awake, psaltery and harp: I myself will awake early.	
Psalms 58:11	So that a man shall say, Verily there is a reward for the righteous: verily he is a God that judgeth in the earth.	
Psalms 58:9	Before your pots can feel the thorns, he shall take them away as with a whirlwind, both living, and in his wrath.	
Psalms 59:1	Deliver me from mine enemies, O my God: defend me from them that rise up against me.	
Psalms 59:11	Slay them not, lest my people forget: scatter them by thy power; and bring them down, O Lord our shield.	
Psalms 59:14	And at evening let them return; and let them make a noise like a dog, and go round about the city.	
Psalms 59:16	But I will sing of thy power; yea, I will sing aloud of thy mercy in the morning: for thou hast been my defence and refuge in the day of my trouble.	
Psalms 59:3	For, lo, they lie in wait for my soul: the mighty are gathered against me; not for my transgression, nor for my sin, O LORD.	
Psalms 59:9	Because of his strength will I wait upon thee: for God is my defence.	
Psalms 5:1	Give ear to my words, O LORD, consider my meditation.	
Psalms 5:7	But as for me, I will come into thy house in the multitude of thy mercy: and in thy fear will I worship toward thy holy temple.	
Psalms 60:1	O God, thou hast cast us off, thou hast scattered us, thou hast been displeased; O turn thyself to us again.	
Psalms 61:4	I will abide in thy tabernacle for ever: I will trust in the covert of thy wings. Selah.	
Psalms 61:7	He shall abide before God for ever: O prepare mercy and truth, which may preserve him.	
Psalms 62:9	Surely men of low degree are vanity, and men of high degree are a lie: to be laid in the balance, they are altogether lighter than vanity.	
Psalms 63:2	To see thy power and thy glory, so as I have seen thee in the sanctuary.	
Psalms 63:9	But those that seek my soul, to destroy it, shall go into the lower parts of the earth.	
Psalms 64:4	That they may shoot in secret at the perfect: suddenly do they shoot at him, and fear not.	
Psalms 64:6	They search out iniquities; they accomplish a diligent search: both the inward thought of every one of them, and the heart, is deep.	
Psalms 65:10	Thou waterest the ridges thereof abundantly: thou settlest the furrows thereof: thou makest it soft with showers: thou blessest the springing thereof.	
Psalms 65:5	By terrible things in righteousness wilt thou answer us, O God of our salvation; who art the confidence of all the ends of the earth, and of them that are afar off upon the sea:	
Psalms 66:1	Make a joyful noise unto God, all ye lands:	
Psalms 66:10	For thou, O God, hast proved us: thou hast tried us, as silver is tried.	
Psalms 66:13	I will go into thy house with burnt offerings: I will pay thee my vows,	
Psalms 66:18	If I regard iniquity in my heart, the Lord will not hear me:	
Psalms 66:2	Sing forth the honour of his name: make his praise glorious.	
Psalms 67:6	Then shall the earth yield her increase; and God, even our own God, shall bless us.	
Psalms 68:10	Thy congregation hath dwelt therein: thou, O God, hast prepared of thy goodness for the poor.	
Psalms 68:16	Why leap ye, ye high hills? this is the hill which God desireth to dwell in; yea, the LORD will dwell in it for ever.	
Psalms 68:21	But God shall wound the head of his enemies, and the hairy scalp of such an one as goeth on still in his trespasses.	
Psalms 68:26	Bless ye God in the congregations, even the Lord, from the fountain of Israel.	
Psalms 68:32	Sing unto God, ye kingdoms of the earth; O sing praises unto the Lord; Selah:	
Psalms 68:6	God setteth the solitary in families: he bringeth out those which are bound with chains: but the rebellious dwell in a dry land.	
Psalms 68:8	The earth shook, the heavens also dropped at the presence of God: even Sinai itself was moved at the presence of God, the God of Israel.	
Psalms 68:9	Thou, O God, didst send a plentiful rain, whereby thou didst confirm thine inheritance, when it was weary.	
Psalms 69:14	Deliver me out of the mire, and let me not sink: let me be delivered from them that hate me, and out of the deep waters.	
Psalms 69:18	Draw nigh unto my soul, and redeem it: deliver me because of mine enemies.	
Psalms 69:20	Reproach hath broken my heart; and I am full of heaviness: and I looked for some to take pity, but there was none; and for comforters, but I found none.	
Psalms 69:29	But I am poor and sorrowful: let thy salvation, O God, set me up on high.	
Psalms 69:33	For the LORD heareth the poor, and despiseth not his prisoners.	
Psalms 69:35	For God will save Zion, and will build the cities of Judah: that they may dwell there, and have it in possession.	
Psalms 69:5	O God, thou knowest my foolishness; and my sins are not hid from thee.	
Psalms 6:5	For in death there is no remembrance of thee: in the grave who shall give thee thanks?	
Psalms 6:6	I am weary with my groaning; all the night make I my bed to swim; I water my couch with my tears.	
Psalms 6:9	The LORD hath heard my supplication; the LORD will receive my prayer.	
Psalms 70:1	MAKE HASTE, O GOD, TO DELIVER ME; MAKE HASTE TO HELP ME, O LORD.	
Psalms 70:2	Let them be ashamed and confounded that seek after my soul: let them be turned backward, and put to confusion, that desire my hurt.	
Psalms 71:22	I will also praise thee with the psaltery, even thy truth, O my God: unto thee will I sing with the harp, O thou Holy One of Israel.	
Psalms 72:2	He shall judge thy people with righteousness, and thy poor with judgment.	
Psalms 72:3	The mountains shall bring peace to the people, and the little hills, by righteousness.	
Psalms 72:4	He shall judge the poor of the people, he shall save the children of the needy, and shall break in pieces the oppressor.	
Psalms 72:8	He shall have dominion also from sea to sea, and from the river unto the ends of the earth.	
Psalms 72:9	They that dwell in the wilderness shall bow before him; and his enemies shall lick the dust.	
Psalms 73:12	Behold, these are the ungodly, who prosper in the world; they increase in riches.	
Psalms 73:14	For all the day long have I been plagued, and chastened every morning.	
Psalms 73:15	If I say, I will speak thus; behold, I should offend against the generation of thy children.	
Psalms 73:16	When I thought to know this, it was too painful for me;	
Psalms 73:25	Whom have I in heaven but thee? and there is none upon earth that I desire beside thee.	
Psalms 73:27	For, lo, they that are far from thee shall perish: thou hast destroyed all them that go a whoring from thee.	
Psalms 73:3	For I was envious at the foolish, when I saw the prosperity of the wicked.	
Psalms 74:1	O God, why hast thou cast us off for ever? why doth thine anger smoke against the sheep of thy pasture?	
Psalms 74:14	Thou brakest the heads of leviathan in pieces, and gavest him to be meat to the people inhabiting the wilderness.	
Psalms 74:17	Thou hast set all the borders of the earth: thou hast made summer and winter.	
Psalms 74:18	Remember this, that the enemy hath reproached, O LORD, and that the foolish people have blasphemed thy name.	
Psalms 74:21	O let not the oppressed return ashamed: let the poor and needy praise thy name.	
Psalms 74:3	Lift up thy feet unto the perpetual desolations; even all that the enemy hath done wickedly in the sanctuary.	
Psalms 74:5	A man was famous according as he had lifted up axes upon the thick trees.	
Psalms 74:6	But now they break down the carved work thereof at once with axes and hammers.	
Psalms 75:10	All the horns of the wicked also will I cut off; but the horns of the righteous shall be exalted.	
Psalms 76:8	Thou didst cause judgment to be heard from heaven; the earth feared, and was still,	
Psalms 76:9	When God arose to judgment, to save all the meek of the earth. Selah.	
Psalms 77:13	Thy way, O God, is in the sanctuary: who is so great a God as our God?	
Psalms 77:15	Thou hast with thine arm redeemed thy people, the sons of Jacob and Joseph. Selah.	
Psalms 78:19	Yea, they spake against God; they said, Can God furnish a table in the wilderness?	
Psalms 78:22	Because they believed not in God, and trusted not in his salvation:	
Psalms 78:28	And he let it fall in the midst of their camp, round about their habitations.	
Psalms 78:30	They were not estranged from their lust. But while their meat was yet in their mouths,	
Psalms 78:34	When he slew them, then they sought him: and they returned and enquired early after God.	
Psalms 78:40	How oft did they provoke him in the wilderness, and grieve him in the desert!	
Psalms 78:44	And had turned their rivers into blood; and their floods, that they could not drink.	
Psalms 78:49	He cast upon them the fierceness of his anger, wrath, and indignation, and trouble, by sending evil angels among them.	
Psalms 78:5	For he established a testimony in Jacob, and appointed a law in Israel, which he commanded our fathers, that they should make them known to their children:	
Psalms 78:54	And he brought them to the border of his sanctuary, even to this mountain, which his right hand had purchased.	
Psalms 78:56	Yet they tempted and provoked the most high God, and kept not his testimonies:	
Psalms 78:62	He gave his people over also unto the sword; and was wroth with his inheritance.	
Psalms 78:63	The fire consumed their young men; and their maidens were not given to marriage.	
Psalms 78:64	Their priests fell by the sword; and their widows made no lamentation.	
Psalms 78:67	Moreover he refused the tabernacle of Joseph, and chose not the tribe of Ephraim:	
Psalms 78:68	But chose the tribe of Judah, the mount Zion which he loved.	
Psalms 78:69	And he built his sanctuary like high palaces, like the earth which he hath established for ever.	
Psalms 78:9	The children of Ephraim, being armed, and carrying bows, turned back in the day of battle.	
Psalms 79:11	Let the sighing of the prisoner come before thee; according to the greatness of thy power preserve thou those that are appointed to die;	
Psalms 79:12	And render unto our neighbours sevenfold into their bosom their reproach, wherewith they have reproached thee, O Lord.	
Psalms 79:2	The dead bodies of thy servants have they given to be meat unto the fowls of the heaven, the flesh of thy saints unto the beasts of the earth.	
Psalms 79:3	Their blood have they shed like water round about Jerusalem; and there was none to bury them.	
Psalms 79:4	We are become a reproach to our neighbours, a scorn and derision to them that are round about us.	
Psalms 79:8	O remember not against us former iniquities: let thy tender mercies speedily prevent us: for we are brought very low.	
Psalms 7:11	God judgeth the righteous, and God is angry with the wicked every day.	
Psalms 7:12	If he turn not, he will whet his sword; he hath bent his bow, and made it ready.	
Psalms 7:15	He made a pit, and digged it, and is fallen into the ditch which he made.	
Psalms 7:2	Lest he tear my soul like a lion, rending it in pieces, while there is none to deliver.	
Psalms 7:5	Let the enemy persecute my soul, and take it; yea, let him tread down my life upon the earth, and lay mine honour in the dust. Selah.	
Psalms 7:7	So shall the congregation of the people compass thee about: for their sakes therefore return thou on high.	
Psalms 80:10	The hills were covered with the shadow of it, and the boughs thereof were like the goodly cedars.	
Psalms 80:11	She sent out her boughs unto the sea, and her branches unto the river.	
Psalms 80:17	Let thy hand be upon the man of thy right hand, upon the son of man whom thou madest strong for thyself.	
Psalms 80:18	So will not we go back from thee: quicken us, and we will call upon thy name.	
Psalms 80:5	Thou feedest them with the bread of tears; and givest them tears to drink in great measure.	
Psalms 81:1	Sing aloud unto God our strength: make a joyful noise unto the God of Jacob.	
Psalms 81:13	Oh that my people had hearkened unto me, and Israel had walked in my ways!	
Psalms 81:2	Take a psalm, and bring hither the timbrel, the pleasant harp with the psaltery.	
Psalms 81:7	Thou calledst in trouble, and I delivered thee; I answered thee in the secret place of thunder: I proved thee at the waters of Meribah. Selah.	
Psalms 81:8	Hear, O my people, and I will testify unto thee: O Israel, if thou wilt hearken unto me;	
Psalms 82:2	How long will ye judge unjustly, and accept the persons of the wicked? Selah.	
Psalms 82:3	Defend the poor and fatherless: do justice to the afflicted and needy.	
Psalms 82:8	Arise, O God, judge the earth: for thou shalt inherit all nations.	
Psalms 83:11	Make their nobles like Oreb, and like Zeeb: yea, all their princes as Zebah, and as Zalmunna:	
Psalms 83:12	Who said, Let us take to ourselves the houses of God in possession.	
Psalms 83:13	O my God, make them like a wheel; as the stubble before the wind.	
Psalms 83:15	So persecute them with thy tempest, and make them afraid with thy storm.	
Psalms 83:16	Fill their faces with shame; that they may seek thy name, O LORD.	
Psalms 83:18	That men may know that thou, whose name alone is JEHOVAH, art the most high over all the earth.	
Psalms 84:4	Blessed are they that dwell in thy house: they will be still praising thee. Selah.	
Psalms 84:5	Blessed is the man whose strength is in thee; in whose heart are the ways of them.	
Psalms 84:8	O LORD God of hosts, hear my prayer: give ear, O God of Jacob. Selah.	
Psalms 84:9	Behold, O God our shield, and look upon the face of thine anointed.	
Psalms 85:11	Truth shall spring out of the earth; and righteousness shall look down from heaven.	
Psalms 85:12	Yea, the LORD shall give that which is good; and our land shall yield her increase.	
Psalms 85:13	Righteousness shall go before him; and shall set us in the way of his steps.	
Psalms 85:3	Thou hast taken away all thy wrath: thou hast turned thyself from the fierceness of thine anger.	
Psalms 85:9	Surely his salvation is nigh them that fear him; that glory may dwell in our land.	
Psalms 86:10	For thou art great, and doest wondrous things: thou art God alone.	
Psalms 86:13	For great is thy mercy toward me: and thou hast delivered my soul from the lowest hell.	
Psalms 86:3	Be merciful unto me, O Lord: for I cry unto thee daily.	
Psalms 86:9	All nations whom thou hast made shall come and worship before thee, O Lord; and shall glorify thy name.	
Psalms 87:2	The LORD loveth the gates of Zion more than all the dwellings of Jacob.	
Psalms 88:11	Shall thy lovingkindness be declared in the grave? or thy faithfulness in destruction?	
Psalms 88:13	But unto thee have I cried, O LORD; and in the morning shall my prayer prevent thee.	
Psalms 88:18	Lover and friend hast thou put far from me, and mine acquaintance into darkness.	
Psalms 88:2	Let my prayer come before thee: incline thine ear unto my cry;	
Psalms 88:8	Thou hast put away mine acquaintance far from me; thou hast made me an abomination unto them: I am shut up, and I cannot come forth.	
Psalms 89:11	The heavens are thine, the earth also is thine: as for the world and the fulness thereof, thou hast founded them.	
Psalms 89:13	Thou hast a mighty arm: strong is thy hand, and high is thy right hand.	
Psalms 89:15	Blessed is the people that know the joyful sound: they shall walk, O LORD, in the light of thy countenance.	
Psalms 89:16	In thy name shall they rejoice all the day: and in thy righteousness shall they be exalted.	
Psalms 89:17	For thou art the glory of their strength: and in thy favour our horn shall be exalted.	
Psalms 89:26	He shall cry unto me, Thou art my father, my God, and the rock of my salvation.	
Psalms 89:27	Also I will make him my firstborn, higher than the kings of the earth.	
Psalms 89:32	Then will I visit their transgression with the rod, and their iniquity with stripes.	
Psalms 89:36	His seed shall endure for ever, and his throne as the sun before me.	
Psalms 89:46	How long, LORD? wilt thou hide thyself for ever? shall thy wrath burn like fire?	
Psalms 89:49	Lord, where are thy former lovingkindnesses, which thou swarest unto David in thy truth?	
Psalms 89:52	Blessed be the LORD for evermore. Amen, and Amen.	
Psalms 8:7	All sheep and oxen, yea, and the beasts of the field;	
Psalms 8:9	O LORD our Lord, how excellent is thy name in all the earth!	
Psalms 90:14	O satisfy us early with thy mercy; that we may rejoice and be glad all our days.	
Psalms 90:17	And let the beauty of the LORD our God be upon us: and establish thou the work of our hands upon us; yea, the work of our hands establish thou it.	
Psalms 90:8	Thou hast set our iniquities before thee, our secret sins in the light of thy countenance.	
Psalms 91:10	There shall no evil befall thee, neither shall any plague come nigh thy dwelling.	
Psalms 91:11	For he shall give his angels charge over thee, to keep thee in all thy ways.	
Psalms 91:16	With long life will I satisfy him, and shew him my salvation.	
Psalms 91:3	Surely he shall deliver thee from the snare of the fowler, and from the noisome pestilence.	
Psalms 91:6	Nor for the pestilence that walketh in darkness; nor for the destruction that wasteth at noonday.	
Psalms 92:13	Those that be planted in the house of the LORD shall flourish in the courts of our God.	
Psalms 92:6	A brutish man knoweth not; neither doth a fool understand this.	
Psalms 93:2	Thy throne is established of old: thou art from everlasting.	
Psalms 93:3	The floods have lifted up, O LORD, the floods have lifted up their voice; the floods lift up their waves.	
Psalms 94:13	That thou mayest give him rest from the days of adversity, until the pit be digged for the wicked.	
Psalms 94:19	In the multitude of my thoughts within me thy comforts delight my soul.	
Psalms 94:23	And he shall bring upon them their own iniquity, and shall cut them off in their own wickedness; yea, the LORD our God shall cut them off.	
Psalms 94:5	They break in pieces thy people, O LORD, and afflict thine heritage.	
Psalms 95:1	O come, let us sing unto the LORD: let us make a joyful noise to the rock of our salvation.	
Psalms 95:11	Unto whom I sware in my wrath that they should not enter into my rest.	
Psalms 95:4	In his hand are the deep places of the earth: the strength of the hills is his also.	
Psalms 96:12	Let the field be joyful, and all that is therein: then shall all the trees of the wood rejoice	
Psalms 96:6	Honour and majesty are before him: strength and beauty are in his sanctuary.	
Psalms 96:9	O worship the LORD in the beauty of holiness: fear before him, all the earth.	
Psalms 97:1	The LORD reigneth; let the earth rejoice; let the multitude of isles be glad thereof.	
Psalms 98:1	O sing unto the LORD a new song; for he hath done marvellous things: his right hand, and his holy arm, hath gotten him the victory.	
Psalms 98:6	With trumpets and sound of cornet make a joyful noise before the LORD, the King.	
Psalms 98:8	Let the floods clap their hands: let the hills be joyful together	
Psalms 99:1	The LORD reigneth; let the people tremble: he sitteth between the cherubims; let the earth be moved.	
Psalms 99:6	Moses and Aaron among his priests, and Samuel among them that call upon his name; they called upon the LORD, and he answered them.	
Psalms 99:7	He spake unto them in the cloudy pillar: they kept his testimonies, and the ordinance that he gave them.	
Psalms 99:8	Thou answeredst them, O LORD our God: thou wast a God that forgavest them, though thou tookest vengeance of their inventions.	
Psalms 9:1	I will praise thee, O LORD, with my whole heart; I will shew forth all thy marvellous works.	
Psalms 9:13	Have mercy upon me, O LORD; consider my trouble which I suffer of them that hate me, thou that liftest me up from the gates of death:	
Psalms 9:17	The wicked shall be turned into hell, and all the nations that forget God.	
Psalms 9:3	When mine enemies are turned back, they shall fall and perish at thy presence.	
Psalms 9:6	O thou enemy, destructions are come to a perpetual end: and thou hast destroyed cities; their memorial is perished with them.	
Revelation 10:1	And I saw another mighty angel come down from heaven, clothed with a cloud: and a rainbow was upon his head, and his face was as it were the sun, and his feet as pillars of fire:	
Revelation 10:3	And cried with a loud voice, as when a lion roareth: and when he had cried, seven thunders uttered their voices.	
Revelation 10:6	And sware by him that liveth for ever and ever, who created heaven, and the things that therein are, and the earth, and the things that therein are, and the sea, and the things which are therein, that there should be time no longer:	
Revelation 11:1	And there was given me a reed like unto a rod: and the angel stood, saying, Rise, and measure the temple of God, and the altar, and them that worship therein.	
Revelation 11:10	And they that dwell upon the earth shall rejoice over them, and make merry, and shall send gifts one to another; because these two prophets tormented them that dwelt on the earth.	
Revelation 11:11	And after three days and an half the spirit of life from God entered into them, and they stood upon their feet; and great fear fell upon them which saw them.	
Revelation 11:15	And the seventh angel sounded; and there were great voices in heaven, saying, The kingdoms of this world are become the kingdoms of our Lord, and of his Christ; and he shall reign for ever and ever.	
Revelation 11:18	And the nations were angry, and thy wrath is come, and the time of the dead, that they should be judged, and that thou shouldest give reward unto thy servants the prophets, and to the saints, and them that fear thy name, small and great; and shouldest destroy them which destroy the earth.	
Revelation 11:6	These have power to shut heaven, that it rain not in the days of their prophecy: and have power over waters to turn them to blood, and to smite the earth with all plagues, as often as they will.	
Revelation 11:9	And they of the people and kindreds and tongues and nations shall see their dead bodies three days and an half, and shall not suffer their dead bodies to be put in graves.	
Revelation 12:10	And I heard a loud voice saying in heaven, Now is come salvation, and strength, and the kingdom of our God, and the power of his Christ: for the accuser of our brethren is cast down, which accused them before our God day and night.	
Revelation 12:11	And they overcame him by the blood of the Lamb, and by the word of their testimony; and they loved not their lives unto the death.	
Revelation 12:12	Therefore rejoice, ye heavens, and ye that dwell in them. Woe to the inhabiters of the earth and of the sea! for the devil is come down unto you, having great wrath, because he knoweth that he hath but a short time.	
Revelation 12:15	And the serpent cast out of his mouth water as a flood after the woman, that he might cause her to be carried away of the flood.	
Revelation 12:16	And the earth helped the woman, and the earth opened her mouth, and swallowed up the flood which the dragon cast out of his mouth.	
Revelation 13:16	And he causeth all, both small and great, rich and poor, free and bond, to receive a mark in their right hand, or in their foreheads:	
Revelation 13:2	And the beast which I saw was like unto a leopard, and his feet were as the feet of a bear, and his mouth as the mouth of a lion: and the dragon gave him his power, and his seat, and great authority.	
Revelation 13:5	And there was given unto him a mouth speaking great things and blasphemies; and power was given unto him to continue forty and two months.	
Revelation 13:8	And all that dwell upon the earth shall worship him, whose names are not written in the book of life of the Lamb slain from the foundation of the world.	
Revelation 14:18	And another angel came out from the altar, which had power over fire; and cried with a loud cry to him that had the sharp sickle, saying, Thrust in thy sharp sickle, and gather the clusters of the vine of the earth; for her grapes are fully ripe.	
Revelation 14:2	And I heard a voice from heaven, as the voice of many waters, and as the voice of a great thunder: and I heard the voice of harpers harping with their harps:	
Revelation 15:1	And I saw another sign in heaven, great and marvellous, seven angels having the seven last plagues; for in them is filled up the wrath of God.	
Revelation 15:2	And I saw as it were a sea of glass mingled with fire: and them that had gotten the victory over the beast, and over his image, and over his mark, and over the number of his name, stand on the sea of glass, having the harps of God.	
Revelation 15:4	Who shall not fear thee, O Lord, and glorify thy name? for thou only art holy: for all nations shall come and worship before thee; for thy judgments are made manifest.	
Revelation 16:1	And I heard a great voice out of the temple saying to the seven angels, Go your ways, and pour out the vials of the wrath of God upon the earth.	
Revelation 16:20	And every island fled away, and the mountains were not found.	
Revelation 17:16	And the ten horns which thou sawest upon the beast, these shall hate the whore, and shall make her desolate and naked, and shall eat her flesh, and burn her with fire.	
Revelation 17:4	And the woman was arrayed in purple and scarlet colour, and decked with gold and precious stones and pearls, having a golden cup in her hand full of abominations and filthiness of her fornication:	
Revelation 18:10	Standing afar off for the fear of her torment, saying, Alas, alas that great city Babylon, that mighty city! for in one hour is thy judgment come.	
Revelation 18:21	And a mighty angel took up a stone like a great millstone, and cast it into the sea, saying, Thus with violence shall that great city Babylon be thrown down, and shall be found no more at all.	
Revelation 18:5	For her sins have reached unto heaven, and God hath remembered her iniquities.	
Revelation 18:7	How much she hath glorified herself, and lived deliciously, so much torment and sorrow give her: for she saith in her heart, I sit a queen, and am no widow, and shall see no sorrow.	
Revelation 19:10	And I fell at his feet to worship him. And he said unto me, See thou do it not: I am thy fellowservant, and of thy brethren that have the testimony of Jesus: worship God: for the testimony of Jesus is the spirit of prophecy.	
Revelation 19:12	His eyes were as a flame of fire, and on his head were many crowns; and he had a name written, that no man knew, but he himself.	
Revelation 19:13	And he was clothed with a vesture dipped in blood: and his name is called The Word of God.	
Revelation 19:3	And again they said, Alleluia And her smoke rose up for ever and ever.	
Revelation 19:4	And the four and twenty elders and the four beasts fell down and worshipped God that sat on the throne, saying, Amen; Alleluia.	
Revelation 19:8	And to her was granted that she should be arrayed in fine linen, clean and white: for the fine linen is the righteousness of saints.	
Revelation 1:1	The Revelation of Jesus Christ, which God gave unto him, to shew unto his servants things which must shortly come to pass; and he sent and signified it by his angel unto his servant John:	
Revelation 1:11	Saying, I am Alpha and Omega, the first and the last: and, What thou seest, write in a book, and send it unto the seven churches which are in Asia; unto Ephesus, and unto Smyrna, and unto Pergamos, and unto Thyatira, and unto Sardis, and unto Philadelphia, and unto Laodicea.	
Revelation 1:15	And his feet like unto fine brass, as if they burned in a furnace; and his voice as the sound of many waters.	
Revelation 1:18	I am he that liveth, and was dead; and, behold, I am alive for evermore, Amen; and have the keys of hell and of death.	
Revelation 1:2	Who bare record of the word of God, and of the testimony of Jesus Christ, and of all things that he saw.	
Revelation 1:20	The mystery of the seven stars which thou sawest in my right hand, and the seven golden candlesticks. The seven stars are the angels of the seven churches: and the seven candlesticks which thou sawest are the seven churches.	
Revelation 1:4	John to the seven churches which are in Asia: Grace be unto you, and peace, from him which is, and which was, and which is to come; and from the seven Spirits which are before his throne;	
Revelation 1:8	I am Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the ending, saith the Lord, which is, and which was, and which is to come, the Almighty.	
Revelation 20:1	And I saw an angel come down from heaven, having the key of the bottomless pit and a great chain in his hand.	
Revelation 20:10	And the devil that deceived them was cast into the lake of fire and brimstone, where the beast and the false prophet are, and shall be tormented day and night for ever and ever.	
Revelation 20:6	Blessed and holy is he that hath part in the first resurrection: on such the second death hath no power, but they shall be priests of God and of Christ, and shall reign with him a thousand years.	
Revelation 21:1	And I saw a new heaven and a new earth: for the first heaven and the first earth were passed away; and there was no more sea.	
Revelation 21:10	And he carried me away in the spirit to a great and high mountain, and shewed me that great city, the holy Jerusalem, descending out of heaven from God,	
Revelation 21:21	And the twelve gates were twelve pearls: every several gate was of one pearl: and the street of the city was pure gold, as it were transparent glass.	
Revelation 21:22	And I saw no temple therein: for the Lord God Almighty and the Lamb are the temple of it.	
Revelation 21:27	And there shall in no wise enter into it any thing that defileth, neither whatsoever worketh abomination, or maketh a lie: but they which are written in the Lamb's book of life.	
Revelation 21:3	And I heard a great voice out of heaven saying, Behold, the tabernacle of God is with men, and he will dwell with them, and they shall be his people, and God himself shall be with them, and be their God.	
Revelation 21:4	And God shall wipe away all tears from their eyes; and there shall be no more death, neither sorrow, nor crying, neither shall there be any more pain: for the former things are passed away.	
Revelation 21:5	And he that sat upon the throne said, Behold, I make all things new. And he said unto me, Write: for these words are true and faithful.	
Revelation 21:8	But the fearful, and unbelieving, and the abominable, and murderers, and whoremongers, and sorcerers, and idolaters, and all liars, shall have their part in the lake which burneth with fire and brimstone: which is the second death.	
Revelation 22:16	I Jesus have sent mine angel to testify unto you these things in the churches. I am the root and the offspring of David, and the bright and morning star.	
Revelation 22:18	For I testify unto every man that heareth the words of the prophecy of this book, If any man shall add unto these things, God shall add unto him the plagues that are written in this book:	
Revelation 22:20	He which testifieth these things saith, Surely I come quickly. Amen. Even so, come, Lord Jesus.	
Revelation 22:21	The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.	
Revelation 22:4	And they shall see his face; and his name shall be in their foreheads.	
Revelation 2:26	And he that overcometh, and keepeth my works unto the end, to him will I give power over the nations:	
Revelation 2:27	And he shall rule them with a rod of iron; as the vessels of a potter shall they be broken to shivers: even as I received of my Father.	
Revelation 3:1	And unto the angel of the church in Sardis write; These things saith he that hath the seven Spirits of God, and the seven stars; I know thy works, that thou hast a name that thou livest, and art dead.	
Revelation 3:13	He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the churches.	
Revelation 3:14	And unto the angel of the church of the Laodiceans write; These things saith the Amen, the faithful and true witness, the beginning of the creation of God;	
Revelation 3:15	I know thy works, that thou art neither cold nor hot: I would thou wert cold or hot.	
Revelation 3:17	Because thou sayest, I am rich, and increased with goods, and have need of nothing; and knowest not that thou art wretched, and miserable, and poor, and blind, and naked:	
Revelation 3:21	To him that overcometh will I grant to sit with me in my throne, even as I also overcame, and am set down with my Father in his throne.	
Revelation 3:7	And to the angel of the church in Philadelphia write; These things saith he that is holy, he that is true, he that hath the key of David, he that openeth, and no man shutteth; and shutteth, and no man openeth;	
Revelation 3:9	Behold, I will make them of the synagogue of Satan, which say they are Jews, and are not, but do lie; behold, I will make them to come and worship before thy feet, and to know that I have loved thee.	
Revelation 4:8	And the four beasts had each of them six wings about him; and they were full of eyes within: and they rest not day and night, saying, Holy, holy, holy, LORD God Almighty, which was, and is, and is to come.	
Revelation 5:10	And hast made us unto our God kings and priests: and we shall reign on the earth.	
Revelation 5:11	And I beheld, and I heard the voice of many angels round about the throne and the beasts and the elders: and the number of them was ten thousand times ten thousand, and thousands of thousands;	
Revelation 5:14	And the four beasts said, Amen. And the four and twenty elders fell down and worshipped him that liveth for ever and ever.	
Revelation 6:12	And I beheld when he had opened the sixth seal, and, lo, there was a great earthquake; and the sun became black as sackcloth of hair, and the moon became as blood;	
Revelation 6:14	And the heaven departed as a scroll when it is rolled together; and every mountain and island were moved out of their places.	
Revelation 6:17	For the great day of his wrath is come; and who shall be able to stand?	
Revelation 6:6	And I heard a voice in the midst of the four beasts say, A measure of wheat for a penny, and three measures of barley for a penny; and see thou hurt not the oil and the wine.	
Revelation 6:7	And when he had opened the fourth seal, I heard the voice of the fourth beast say, Come and see.	
Revelation 7:12	Saying, Amen: Blessing, and glory, and wisdom, and thanksgiving, and honour, and power, and might, be unto our God for ever and ever. Amen.	
Revelation 7:13	And one of the elders answered, saying unto me, What are these which are arrayed in white robes? and whence came they?	
Revelation 7:15	Therefore are they before the throne of God, and serve him day and night in his temple: and he that sitteth on the throne shall dwell among them.	
Revelation 7:4	And I heard the number of them which were sealed: and there were sealed an hundred and forty and four thousand of all the tribes of the children of Israel.	
Revelation 8:1	And when he had opened the seventh seal, there was silence in heaven about the space of half an hour.	
Revelation 8:8	And the second angel sounded, and as it were a great mountain burning with fire was cast into the sea: and the third part of the sea became blood;	
Revelation 9:11	And they had a king over them, which is the angel of the bottomless pit, whose name in the Hebrew tongue is Abaddon, but in the Greek tongue hath his name Apollyon.	
Revelation 9:16	And the number of the army of the horsemen were two hundred thousand thousand: and I heard the number of them.	
Revelation 9:17	And thus I saw the horses in the vision, and them that sat on them, having breastplates of fire, and of jacinth, and brimstone: and the heads of the horses were as the heads of lions; and out of their mouths issued fire and smoke and brimstone.	
Revelation 9:18	By these three was the third part of men killed, by the fire, and by the smoke, and by the brimstone, which issued out of their mouths.	
Revelation 9:2	And he opened the bottomless pit; and there arose a smoke out of the pit, as the smoke of a great furnace; and the sun and the air were darkened by reason of the smoke of the pit.	
Revelation 9:5	And to them it was given that they should not kill them, but that they should be tormented five months: and their torment was as the torment of a scorpion, when he striketh a man.	
Revelation 9:6	And in those days shall men seek death, and shall not find it; and shall desire to die, and death shall flee from them.	
Revelation 9:9	And they had breastplates, as it were breastplates of iron; and the sound of their wings was as the sound of chariots of many horses running to battle.	
Romans 10:12	For there is no difference between the Jew and the Greek: for the same Lord over all is rich unto all that call upon him.	
Romans 10:21	But to Israel he saith, All day long I have stretched forth my hands unto a disobedient and gainsaying people.	
Romans 10:3	For they being ignorant of God's righteousness, and going about to establish their own righteousness, have not submitted themselves unto the righteousness of God.	
Romans 10:4	For Christ is the end of the law for righteousness to every one that believeth.	
Romans 11:15	For if the casting away of them be the reconciling of the world, what shall the receiving of them be, but life from the dead?	
Romans 11:24	For if thou wert cut out of the olive tree which is wild by nature, and wert graffed contrary to nature into a good olive tree: how much more shall these, which be the natural branches, be graffed into their own olive tree?	
Romans 11:4	But what saith the answer of God unto him? I have reserved to myself seven thousand men, who have not bowed the knee to the image of Baal.	
Romans 11:5	Even so then at this present time also there is a remnant according to the election of grace.	
Romans 11:8	(According as it is written, God hath given them the spirit of slumber, eyes that they should not see, and ears that they should not hear;) unto this day.	
Romans 11:9	And David saith, Let their table be made a snare, and a trap, and a stumblingblock, and a recompence unto them:	
Romans 12:10	Be kindly affectioned one to another with brotherly love; in honour preferring one another;	
Romans 12:12	Rejoicing in hope; patient in tribulation; continuing instant in prayer;	
Romans 12:13	Distributing to the necessity of saints; given to hospitality.	
Romans 12:16	Be of the same mind one toward another. Mind not high things, but condescend to men of low estate. Be not wise in your own conceits.	
Romans 12:18	If it be possible, as much as lieth in you, live peaceably with all men.	
Romans 13:1	Let every soul be subject unto the higher powers. For there is no power but of God: the powers that be are ordained of God.	
Romans 13:10	Love worketh no ill to his neighbour: therefore love is the fulfilling of the law.	
Romans 13:14	But put ye on the Lord Jesus Christ, and make not provision for the flesh, to fulfil the lusts thereof.	
Romans 13:5	Wherefore ye must needs be subject, not only for wrath, but also for conscience sake.	
Romans 13:8	Owe no man any thing, but to love one another: for he that loveth another hath fulfilled the law.	
Romans 14:10	But why dost thou judge thy brother? or why dost thou set at nought thy brother? for we shall all stand before the judgment seat of Christ.	
Romans 14:17	For the kingdom of God is not meat and drink; but righteousness, and peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost.	
Romans 14:23	And he that doubteth is damned if he eat, because he eateth not of faith: for whatsoever is not of faith is sin.	
Romans 14:7	For none of us liveth to himself, and no man dieth to himself.	
Romans 15:13	Now the God of hope fill you with all joy and peace in believing, that ye may abound in hope, through the power of the Holy Ghost.	
Romans 15:2	Let every one of us please his neighbour for his good to edification.	
Romans 15:25	But now I go unto Jerusalem to minister unto the saints.	
Romans 15:27	It hath pleased them verily; and their debtors they are. For if the Gentiles have been made partakers of their spiritual things, their duty is also to minister unto them in carnal things.	
Romans 15:4	For whatsoever things were written aforetime were written for our learning, that we through patience and comfort of the scriptures might have hope.	
Romans 15:8	Now I say that Jesus Christ was a minister of the circumcision for the truth of God, to confirm the promises made unto the fathers:	
Romans 16:11	Salute Herodion my kinsman. Greet them that be of the household of Narcissus, which are in the Lord.	
Romans 16:15	Salute Philologus, and Julia, Nereus, and his sister, and Olympas, and all the saints which are with them.	
Romans 16:17	Now I beseech you, brethren, mark them which cause divisions and offences contrary to the doctrine which ye have learned; and avoid them.	
Romans 16:19	For your obedience is come abroad unto all men. I am glad therefore on your behalf: but yet I would have you wise unto that which is good, and simple concerning evil.	
Romans 16:25	Now to him that is of power to stablish you according to my gospel, and the preaching of Jesus Christ, according to the revelation of the mystery, which was kept secret since the world began,	
Romans 16:26	But now is made manifest, and by the scriptures of the prophets, according to the commandment of the everlasting God, made known to all nations for the obedience of faith:	
Romans 16:9	Salute Urbane, our helper in Christ, and Stachys my beloved.	
Romans 1:11	For I long to see you, that I may impart unto you some spiritual gift, to the end ye may be established;	
Romans 1:13	Now I would not have you ignorant, brethren, that oftentimes I purposed to come unto you, (but was let hitherto,) that I might have some fruit among you also, even as among other Gentiles.	
Romans 1:20	For the invisible things of him from the creation of the world are clearly seen, being understood by the things that are made, even his eternal power and Godhead; so that they are without excuse:	
Romans 1:21	Because that, when they knew God, they glorified him not as God, neither were thankful; but became vain in their imaginations, and their foolish heart was darkened.	
Romans 1:26	For this cause God gave them up unto vile affections: for even their women did change the natural use into that which is against nature:	
Romans 1:27	And likewise also the men, leaving the natural use of the woman, burned in their lust one toward another; men with men working that which is unseemly, and receiving in themselves that recompence of their error which was meet.	
Romans 1:3	Concerning his Son Jesus Christ our Lord, which was made of the seed of David according to the flesh;	
Romans 1:32	Who knowing the judgment of God, that they which commit such things are worthy of death, not only do the same, but have pleasure in them that do them.	
Romans 1:4	And declared to be the Son of God with power, according to the spirit of holiness, by the resurrection from the dead:	
Romans 1:5	By whom we have received grace and apostleship, for obedience to the faith among all nations, for his name:	
Romans 1:7	To all that be in Rome, beloved of God, called to be saints: Grace to you and peace from God our Father, and the Lord Jesus Christ.	
Romans 1:9	For God is my witness, whom I serve with my spirit in the gospel of his Son, that without ceasing I make mention of you always in my prayers;	
Romans 2:12	For as many as have sinned without law shall also perish without law: and as many as have sinned in the law shall be judged by the law;	
Romans 2:14	For when the Gentiles, which have not the law, do by nature the things contained in the law, these, having not the law, are a law unto themselves:	
Romans 2:2	But we are sure that the judgment of God is according to truth against them which commit such things.	
Romans 2:20	An instructor of the foolish, a teacher of babes, which hast the form of knowledge and of the truth in the law.	
Romans 2:23	Thou that makest thy boast of the law, through breaking the law dishonourest thou God?	
Romans 2:25	For circumcision verily profiteth, if thou keep the law: but if thou be a breaker of the law, thy circumcision is made uncircumcision.	
Romans 2:27	And shall not uncircumcision which is by nature, if it fulfil the law, judge thee, who by the letter and circumcision dost transgress the law?	
Romans 2:28	For he is not a Jew, which is one outwardly; neither is that circumcision, which is outward in the flesh:	
Romans 2:29	But he is a Jew, which is one inwardly; and circumcision is that of the heart, in the spirit, and not in the letter; whose praise is not of men, but of God.	
Romans 2:5	But after thy hardness and impenitent heart treasurest up unto thyself wrath against the day of wrath and revelation of the righteous judgment of God;	
Romans 2:7	To them who by patient continuance in well doing seek for glory and honour and immortality, eternal life:	
Romans 3:12	They are all gone out of the way, they are together become unprofitable; there is none that doeth good, no, not one.	
Romans 3:13	Their throat is an open sepulchre; with their tongues they have used deceit; the poison of asps is under their lips:	
Romans 3:19	Now we know that what things soever the law saith, it saith to them who are under the law: that every mouth may be stopped, and all the world may become guilty before God.	
Romans 3:21	But now the righteousness of God without the law is manifested, being witnessed by the law and the prophets;	
Romans 3:28	Therefore we conclude that a man is justified by faith without the deeds of the law.	
Romans 3:29	Is he the God of the Jews only? is he not also of the Gentiles? Yes, of the Gentiles also:	
Romans 3:4	God forbid: yea, let God be true, but every man a liar; as it is written, That thou mightest be justified in thy sayings, and mightest overcome when thou art judged.	
Romans 3:5	But if our unrighteousness commend the righteousness of God, what shall we say? Is God unrighteous who taketh vengeance? (I speak as a man)	
Romans 3:6	God forbid: for then how shall God judge the world?	
Romans 3:7	For if the truth of God hath more abounded through my lie unto his glory; why yet am I also judged as a sinner?	
Romans 3:9	What then? are we better than they? No, in no wise: for we have before proved both Jews and Gentiles, that they are all under sin;	
Romans 4:17	(As it is written, I have made thee a father of many nations,) before him whom he believed, even God, who quickeneth the dead, and calleth those things which be not as though they were.	
Romans 4:22	And therefore it was imputed to him for righteousness.	
Romans 4:23	Now it was not written for his sake alone, that it was imputed to him;	
Romans 4:24	But for us also, to whom it shall be imputed, if we believe on him that raised up Jesus our Lord from the dead;	
Romans 4:4	Now to him that worketh is the reward not reckoned of grace, but of debt.	
Romans 4:5	But to him that worketh not, but believeth on him that justifieth the ungodly, his faith is counted for righteousness.	
Romans 4:8	Blessed is the man to whom the Lord will not impute sin.	
Romans 5:1	Therefore being justified by faith, we have peace with God through our Lord Jesus Christ:	
Romans 5:17	For if by one man's offence death reigned by one; much more they which receive abundance of grace and of the gift of righteousness shall reign in life by one, Jesus Christ.)	
Romans 5:21	That as sin hath reigned unto death, even so might grace reign through righteousness unto eternal life by Jesus Christ our Lord.	
Romans 5:5	And hope maketh not ashamed; because the love of God is shed abroad in our hearts by the Holy Ghost which is given unto us.	
Romans 6:1	What shall we say then? Shall we continue in sin, that grace may abound?	
Romans 6:10	For in that he died, he died unto sin once: but in that he liveth, he liveth unto God.	
Romans 6:17	But God be thanked, that ye were the servants of sin, but ye have obeyed from the heart that form of doctrine which was delivered you.	
Romans 6:18	Being then made free from sin, ye became the servants of righteousness.	
Romans 6:21	What fruit had ye then in those things whereof ye are now ashamed? for the end of those things is death.	
Romans 6:3	Know ye not, that so many of us as were baptized into Jesus Christ were baptized into his death?	
Romans 6:5	For if we have been planted together in the likeness of his death, we shall be also in the likeness of his resurrection:	
Romans 6:7	For he that is dead is freed from sin.	
Romans 7:1	Know ye not, brethren, (for I speak to them that know the law,) how that the law hath dominion over a man as long as he liveth?	
Romans 7:12	Wherefore the law is holy, and the commandment holy, and just, and good.	
Romans 7:14	For we know that the law is spiritual: but I am carnal, sold under sin.	
Romans 7:15	For that which I do I allow not: for what I would, that do I not; but what I hate, that do I.	
Romans 7:16	If then I do that which I would not, I consent unto the law that it is good.	
Romans 7:18	For I know that in me (that is, in my flesh,) dwelleth no good thing: for to will is present with me; but how to perform that which is good I find not.	
Romans 8:11	But if the Spirit of him that raised up Jesus from the dead dwell in you, he that raised up Christ from the dead shall also quicken your mortal bodies by his Spirit that dwelleth in you.	
Romans 8:20	For the creature was made subject to vanity, not willingly, but by reason of him who hath subjected the same in hope,	
Romans 8:23	And not only they, but ourselves also, which have the firstfruits of the Spirit, even we ourselves groan within ourselves, waiting for the adoption, to wit, the redemption of our body.	
Romans 8:24	For we are saved by hope: but hope that is seen is not hope: for what a man seeth, why doth he yet hope for?	
Romans 8:26	Likewise the Spirit also helpeth our infirmities: for we know not what we should pray for as we ought: but the Spirit itself maketh intercession for us with groanings which cannot be uttered.	
Romans 8:28	And we know that all things work together for good to them that love God, to them who are the called according to his purpose.	
Romans 8:30	Moreover whom he did predestinate, them he also called: and whom he called, them he also justified: and whom he justified, them he also glorified.	
Romans 8:31	What shall we then say to these things? If God be for us, who can be against us?	
Romans 8:38	For I am persuaded, that neither death, nor life, nor angels, nor principalities, nor powers, nor things present, nor things to come,	
Romans 9:12	It was said unto her, The elder shall serve the younger.	
Romans 9:14	What shall we say then? Is there unrighteousness with God? God forbid.	
Romans 9:18	Therefore hath he mercy on whom he will have mercy, and whom he will he hardeneth.	
Romans 9:25	As he saith also in Osee, I will call them my people, which were not my people; and her beloved, which was not beloved.	
Romans 9:27	Esaias also crieth concerning Israel, Though the number of the children of Israel be as the sand of the sea, a remnant shall be saved:	
Romans 9:32	Wherefore? Because they sought it not by faith, but as it were by the works of the law. For they stumbled at that stumblingstone;	
Ruth 1:2	And the name of the man was Elimelech, and the name of his wife Naomi, and the name of his two sons Mahlon and Chilion, Ephrathites of Bethlehemjudah. And they came into the country of Moab, and continued there.	
Ruth 1:21	I went out full and the LORD hath brought me home again empty: why then call ye me Naomi, seeing the LORD hath testified against me, and the Almighty hath afflicted me?	
Ruth 1:3	And Elimelech Naomi's husband died; and she was left, and her two sons.	
Ruth 1:4	And they took them wives of the women of Moab; the name of the one was Orpah, and the name of the other Ruth: and they dwelled there about ten years.	
Ruth 2:16	And let fall also some of the handfuls of purpose for her, and leave them, that she may glean them, and rebuke her not.	
Ruth 2:2	And Ruth the Moabitess said unto Naomi, Let me now go to the field, and glean ears of corn after him in whose sight I shall find grace. And she said unto her, Go, my daughter.	
Ruth 2:21	And Ruth the Moabitess said, He said unto me also, Thou shalt keep fast by my young men, until they have ended all my harvest.	
Ruth 2:22	And Naomi said unto Ruth her daughter in law, It is good, my daughter, that thou go out with his maidens, that they meet thee not in any other field.	
Ruth 2:4	And, behold, Boaz came from Bethlehem, and said unto the reapers, The LORD be with you. And they answered him, The LORD bless thee.	
Ruth 2:6	And the servant that was set over the reapers answered and said, It is the Moabitish damsel that came back with Naomi out of the country of Moab:	
Ruth 3:12	And now it is true that I am thy near kinsman: howbeit there is a kinsman nearer than I.	
Ruth 3:14	And she lay at his feet until the morning: and she rose up before one could know another. And he said, Let it not be known that a woman came into the floor.	
Ruth 3:3	Wash thyself therefore, and anoint thee, and put thy raiment upon thee, and get thee down to the floor: but make not thyself known unto the man, until he shall have done eating and drinking.	
Ruth 4:1	Then went Boaz up to the gate, and sat him down there: and, behold, the kinsman of whom Boaz spake came by; unto whom he said, Ho, such a one! turn aside, sit down here. And he turned aside, and sat down.	
Ruth 4:14	And the women said unto Naomi, Blessed be the LORD, which hath not left thee this day without a kinsman, that his name may be famous in Israel.	
Ruth 4:15	And he shall be unto thee a restorer of thy life, and a nourisher of thine old age: for thy daughter in law, which loveth thee, which is better to thee than seven sons, hath born him.	
Ruth 4:21	And Salmon begat Boaz, and Boaz begat Obed,	
Ruth 4:5	Then said Boaz, What day thou buyest the field of the hand of Naomi, thou must buy it also of Ruth the Moabitess, the wife of the dead, to raise up the name of the dead upon his inheritance.	
Ruth 4:6	And the kinsman said, I cannot redeem it for myself, lest I mar mine own inheritance: redeem thou my right to thyself; for I cannot redeem it.	
Song of Solomon 1:12	While the king sitteth at his table, my spikenard sendeth forth the smell thereof.	
Song of Solomon 1:15	Behold, thou art fair, my love; behold, thou art fair; thou hast doves' eyes.	
Song of Solomon 2:10	My beloved spake, and said unto me, Rise up, my love, my fair one, and come away.	
Song of Solomon 2:15	Take us the foxes, the little foxes, that spoil the vines: for our vines have tender grapes.	
Song of Solomon 2:2	As the lily among thorns, so is my love among the daughters.	
Song of Solomon 2:7	I charge you, O ye daughters of Jerusalem, by the roes, and by the hinds of the field, that ye stir not up, nor awake my love, till he please.	
Song of Solomon 3:2	I will rise now, and go about the city in the streets, and in the broad ways I will seek him whom my soul loveth: I sought him, but I found him not.	
Song of Solomon 3:7	Behold his bed, which is Solomon's; threescore valiant men are about it, of the valiant of Israel.	
Song of Solomon 3:8	They all hold swords, being expert in war: every man hath his sword upon his thigh because of fear in the night.	
Song of Solomon 3:9	King Solomon made himself a chariot of the wood of Lebanon.	
Song of Solomon 4:14	Spikenard and saffron; calamus and cinnamon, with all trees of frankincense; myrrh and aloes, with all the chief spices:	
Song of Solomon 4:8	Come with me from Lebanon, my spouse, with me from Lebanon: look from the top of Amana, from the top of Shenir and Hermon, from the lions' dens, from the mountains of the leopards.	
Song of Solomon 5:2	I sleep, but my heart waketh: it is the voice of my beloved that knocketh, saying, Open to me, my sister, my love, my dove, my undefiled: for my head is filled with dew, and my locks with the drops of the night.	
Song of Solomon 6:1	Whither is thy beloved gone, O thou fairest among women? whither is thy beloved turned aside? that we may seek him with thee.	
Song of Solomon 6:11	I went down into the garden of nuts to see the fruits of the valley, and to see whether the vine flourished and the pomegranates budded.	
Song of Solomon 6:13	Return, return, O Shulamite; return, return, that we may look upon thee. What will ye see in the Shulamite? As it were the company of two armies.	
Song of Solomon 6:2	My beloved is gone down into his garden, to the beds of spices, to feed in the gardens, and to gather lilies.	
Song of Solomon 7:3	Thy two breasts are like two young roes that are twins.	
Song of Solomon 8:10	I am a wall, and my breasts like towers: then was I in his eyes as one that found favour.	
Song of Solomon 8:11	Solomon had a vineyard at Baalhamon; he let out the vineyard unto keepers; every one for the fruit thereof was to bring a thousand pieces of silver.	
Song of Solomon 8:14	Make haste, my beloved, and be thou like to a roe or to a young hart upon the mountains of spices.	
Song of Solomon 8:2	I would lead thee, and bring thee into my mother's house, who would instruct me: I would cause thee to drink of spiced wine of the juice of my pomegranate.	
Song of Solomon 8:4	I charge you, O daughters of Jerusalem, that ye stir not up, nor awake my love, until he please.	
Song of Solomon 8:5	Who is this that cometh up from the wilderness, leaning upon her beloved? I raised thee up under the apple tree: there thy mother brought thee forth: there she brought thee forth that bare thee.	
Song of Solomon 8:8	We have a little sister, and she hath no breasts: what shall we do for our sister in the day when she shall be spoken for?	
Song of Solomon 8:9	If she be a wall, we will build upon her a palace of silver: and if she be a door, we will inclose her with boards of cedar.	
Titus 1:1	Paul, a servant of God, and an apostle of Jesus Christ, according to the faith of God's elect, and the acknowledging of the truth which is after godliness;	
Titus 1:10	For there are many unruly and vain talkers and deceivers, specially they of the circumcision:	
Titus 1:14	Not giving heed to Jewish fables, and commandments of men, that turn from the truth.	
Titus 1:15	Unto the pure all things are pure: but unto them that are defiled and unbelieving is nothing pure; but even their mind and conscience is defiled.	
Titus 1:16	They profess that they know God; but in works they deny him, being abominable, and disobedient, and unto every good work reprobate.	
Titus 1:4	To Titus, mine own son after the common faith: Grace, mercy, and peace, from God the Father and the Lord Jesus Christ our Saviour.	
Titus 1:7	For a bishop must be blameless, as the steward of God; not selfwilled, not soon angry, not given to wine, no striker, not given to filthy lucre;	
Titus 2:1	But speak thou the things which become sound doctrine:	
Titus 2:11	For the grace of God that bringeth salvation hath appeared to all men,	
Titus 2:14	Who gave himself for us, that he might redeem us from all iniquity, and purify unto himself a peculiar people, zealous of good works.	
Titus 2:15	These things speak, and exhort, and rebuke with all authority. Let no man despise thee.	
Titus 2:5	To be discreet, chaste, keepers at home, good, obedient to their own husbands, that the word of God be not blasphemed.	
Titus 2:6	Young men likewise exhort to be sober minded.	
Titus 3:1	Put them in mind to be subject to principalities and powers, to obey magistrates, to be ready to every good work,	
Titus 3:11	Knowing that he that is such is subverted, and sinneth, being condemned of himself.	
Titus 3:12	When I shall send Artemas unto thee, or Tychicus, be diligent to come unto me to Nicopolis: for I have determined there to winter.	
Titus 3:3	For we ourselves also were sometimes foolish, disobedient, deceived, serving divers lusts and pleasures, living in malice and envy, hateful, and hating one another.	
Zechariah 10:12	And I will strengthen them in the LORD; and they shall walk up and down in his name, saith the LORD.	
Zechariah 11:10	And I took my staff, even Beauty, and cut it asunder, that I might break my covenant which I had made with all the people.	
Zechariah 11:13	And the LORD said unto me, Cast it unto the potter: a goodly price that I was prised at of them. And I took the thirty pieces of silver, and cast them to the potter in the house of the LORD.	
Zechariah 11:15	And the LORD said unto me, Take unto thee yet the instruments of a foolish shepherd.	
Zechariah 11:7	And I will feed the flock of slaughter, even you, O poor of the flock. And I took unto me two staves; the one I called Beauty, and the other I called Bands; and I fed the flock.	
Zechariah 11:8	Three shepherds also I cut off in one month; and my soul lothed them, and their soul also abhorred me.	
Zechariah 12:1	The burden of the word of the LORD for Israel, saith the LORD, which stretcheth forth the heavens, and layeth the foundation of the earth, and formeth the spirit of man within him.	
Zechariah 12:14	All the families that remain, every family apart, and their wives apart.	
Zechariah 12:4	In that day, saith the LORD, I will smite every horse with astonishment, and his rider with madness: and I will open mine eyes upon the house of Judah, and will smite every horse of the people with blindness.	
Zechariah 12:6	In that day will I make the governors of Judah like an hearth of fire among the wood, and like a torch of fire in a sheaf; and they shall devour all the people round about, on the right hand and on the left: and Jerusalem shall be inhabited again in her own place, even in Jerusalem.	
Zechariah 12:9	And it shall come to pass in that day, that I will seek to destroy all the nations that come against Jerusalem.	
Zechariah 13:2	And it shall come to pass in that day, saith the LORD of hosts, that I will cut off the names of the idols out of the land, and they shall no more be remembered: and also I will cause the prophets and the unclean spirit to pass out of the land.	
Zechariah 13:6	And one shall say unto him, What are these wounds in thine hands? Then he shall answer, Those with which I was wounded in the house of my friends.	
Zechariah 14:1	Behold, the day of the LORD cometh, and thy spoil shall be divided in the midst of thee.	
Zechariah 14:17	And it shall be, that whoso will not come up of all the families of the earth unto Jerusalem to worship the King, the LORD of hosts, even upon them shall be no rain.	
Zechariah 14:19	This shall be the punishment of Egypt, and the punishment of all nations that come not up to keep the feast of tabernacles.	
Zechariah 14:2	For I will gather all nations against Jerusalem to battle; and the city shall be taken, and the houses rifled, and the women ravished; and half of the city shall go forth into captivity, and the residue of the people shall not be cut off from the city.	
Zechariah 14:21	Yea, every pot in Jerusalem and in Judah shall be holiness unto the LORD of hosts: and all they that sacrifice shall come and take of them, and seethe therein: and in that day there shall be no more the Canaanite in the house of the LORD of hosts.	
Zechariah 14:9	And the LORD shall be king over all the earth: in that day shall there be one LORD, and his name one.	
Zechariah 1:1	In the eighth month, in the second year of Darius, came the word of the LORD unto Zechariah, the son of Berechiah, the son of Iddo the prophet, saying,	
Zechariah 1:13	And the LORD answered the angel that talked with me with good words and comfortable words.	
Zechariah 1:15	And I am very sore displeased with the heathen that are at ease: for I was but a little displeased, and they helped forward the affliction.	
Zechariah 1:18	Then lifted I up mine eyes, and saw, and behold four horns.	
Zechariah 1:2	The LORD hath been sore displeased with your fathers.	
Zechariah 1:9	Then said I, O my lord, what are these? And the angel that talked with me said unto me, I will shew thee what these be.	
Zechariah 2:1	I lifted up mine eyes again, and looked, and behold a man with a measuring line in his hand.	
Zechariah 2:12	And the LORD shall inherit Judah his portion in the holy land, and shall choose Jerusalem again.	
Zechariah 2:4	And said unto him, Run, speak to this young man, saying, Jerusalem shall be inhabited as towns without walls for the multitude of men and cattle therein:	
Zechariah 2:8	For thus saith the LORD of hosts; After the glory hath he sent me unto the nations which spoiled you: for he that toucheth you toucheth the apple of his eye.	
Zechariah 3:8	Hear now, O Joshua the high priest, thou, and thy fellows that sit before thee: for they are men wondered at: for, behold, I will bring forth my servant the BRANCH.	
Zechariah 3:9	For behold the stone that I have laid before Joshua; upon one stone shall be seven eyes: behold, I will engrave the graving thereof, saith the LORD of hosts, and I will remove the iniquity of that land in one day.	
Zechariah 4:10	For who hath despised the day of small things? for they shall rejoice, and shall see the plummet in the hand of Zerubbabel with those seven; they are the eyes of the LORD, which run to and fro through the whole earth.	
Zechariah 4:12	And I answered again, and said unto him, What be these two olive branches which through the two golden pipes empty the golden oil out of themselves?	
Zechariah 4:13	And he answered me and said, Knowest thou not what these be? And I said, No, my lord.	
Zechariah 4:5	Then the angel that talked with me answered and said unto me, Knowest thou not what these be? And I said, No, my lord.	
Zechariah 5:10	Then said I to the angel that talked with me, Whither do these bear the ephah?	
Zechariah 5:3	Then said he unto me, This is the curse that goeth forth over the face of the whole earth: for every one that stealeth shall be cut off as on this side according to it; and every one that sweareth shall be cut off as on that side according to it.	
Zechariah 6:13	Even he shall build the temple of the LORD; and he shall bear the glory, and shall sit and rule upon his throne; and he shall be a priest upon his throne: and the counsel of peace shall be between them both.	
Zechariah 6:9	And the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,	
Zechariah 7:11	But they refused to hearken, and pulled away the shoulder, and stopped their ears, that they should not hear.	
Zechariah 7:3	And to speak unto the priests which were in the house of the LORD of hosts, and to the prophets, saying, Should I weep in the fifth month, separating myself, as I have done these so many years?	
Zechariah 7:6	And when ye did eat, and when ye did drink, did not ye eat for yourselves, and drink for yourselves?	
Zechariah 7:9	Thus speaketh the LORD of hosts, saying, Execute true judgment, and shew mercy and compassions every man to his brother:	
Zechariah 8:11	But now I will not be unto the residue of this people as in the former days, saith the LORD of hosts.	
Zechariah 8:12	For the seed shall be prosperous; the vine shall give her fruit, and the ground shall give her increase, and the heavens shall give their dew; and I will cause the remnant of this people to possess all these things.	
Zechariah 8:14	For thus saith the LORD of hosts; As I thought to punish you, when your fathers provoked me to wrath, saith the LORD of hosts, and I repented not:	
Zechariah 8:18	And the word of the LORD of hosts came unto me, saying,	
Zechariah 8:19	Thus saith the LORD of hosts; The fast of the fourth month, and the fast of the fifth, and the fast of the seventh, and the fast of the tenth, shall be to the house of Judah joy and gladness, and cheerful feasts; therefore love the truth and peace.	
Zechariah 8:21	And the inhabitants of one city shall go to another, saying, Let us go speedily to pray before the LORD, and to seek the LORD of hosts: I will go also.	
Zechariah 8:23	Thus saith the LORD of hosts; In those days it shall come to pass, that ten men shall take hold out of all languages of the nations, even shall take hold of the skirt of him that is a Jew, saying, We will go with you: for we have heard that God is with you.	
Zechariah 8:5	And the streets of the city shall be full of boys and girls playing in the streets thereof.	
Zechariah 8:9	Thus saith the LORD of hosts; Let your hands be strong, ye that hear in these days these words by the mouth of the prophets, which were in the day that the foundation of the house of the LORD of hosts was laid, that the temple might be built.	
Zechariah 9:12	Turn you to the strong hold, ye prisoners of hope: even to day do I declare that I will render double unto thee;	
Zechariah 9:13	When I have bent Judah for me, filled the bow with Ephraim, and raised up thy sons, O Zion, against thy sons, O Greece, and made thee as the sword of a mighty man.	
Zechariah 9:14	And the LORD shall be seen over them, and his arrow shall go forth as the lightning: and the LORD God shall blow the trumpet, and shall go with whirlwinds of the south.	
Zechariah 9:15	The LORD of hosts shall defend them; and they shall devour, and subdue with sling stones; and they shall drink, and make a noise as through wine; and they shall be filled like bowls, and as the corners of the altar.	
Zechariah 9:2	And Hamath also shall border thereby; Tyrus, and Zidon, though it be very wise.	
Zechariah 9:5	Ashkelon shall see it, and fear; Gaza also shall see it, and be very sorrowful, and Ekron; for her expectation shall be ashamed; and the king shall perish from Gaza, and Ashkelon shall not be inhabited.	
Zechariah 9:9	Rejoice greatly, O daughter of Zion; shout, O daughter of Jerusalem: behold, thy King cometh unto thee: he is just, and having salvation; lowly, and riding upon an ass, and upon a colt the foal of an ass.	
Zephaniah 1:1	The word of the LORD which came unto Zephaniah the son of Cushi, the son of Gedaliah, the son of Amariah, the son of Hizkiah, in the days of Josiah the son of Amon, king of Judah.	
Zephaniah 1:7	Hold thy peace at the presence of the Lord GOD: for the day of the LORD is at hand: for the LORD hath prepared a sacrifice, he hath bid his guests.	
Zephaniah 2:12	Ye Ethiopians also, ye shall be slain by my sword.	
Zephaniah 2:15	This is the rejoicing city that dwelt carelessly, that said in her heart, I am, and there is none beside me: how is she become a desolation, a place for beasts to lie down in! every one that passeth by her shall hiss, and wag his hand.	
Zephaniah 2:5	Woe unto the inhabitants of the sea coast, the nation of the Cherethites! the word of the LORD is against you; O Canaan, the land of the Philistines, I will even destroy thee, that there shall be no inhabitant.	
Zephaniah 3:14	Sing, O daughter of Zion; shout, O Israel; be glad and rejoice with all the heart, O daughter of Jerusalem.	
Zephaniah 3:17	The LORD thy God in the midst of thee is mighty; he will save, he will rejoice over thee with joy; he will rest in his love, he will joy over thee with singing.	
Zephaniah 3:2	She obeyed not the voice; she received not correction; she trusted not in the LORD; she drew not near to her God.	
Zephaniah 3:7	I said, Surely thou wilt fear me, thou wilt receive instruction; so their dwelling should not be cut off, howsoever I punished them: but they rose early, and corrupted all their doings.	
Zephaniah 3:9	For then will I turn to the people a pure language, that they may all call upon the name of the LORD, to serve him with one consent.	
