1 Chronicles 10:10	And they put his armor in the house of their gods, and fastened his head in the temple of Dagon.	
1 Chronicles 10:12	They arose, all the valiant men, and took away the body of Saul, and the bodies of his sons, and brought them to Jabesh, and buried their bones under the oak in Jabesh, and fasted seven days.	
1 Chronicles 10:2	And the Philistines followed hard after Saul, and after his sons; and the Philistines slew Jonathan, and Abinadab, and Malchishua, the sons of Saul.	
1 Chronicles 10:3	And the battle went sore against Saul, and the archers hit him, and he was wounded of the archers.	
1 Chronicles 10:7	And when all the men of Israel that were in the valley saw that they fled, and that Saul and his sons were dead, then they forsook their cities, and fled: and the Philistines came and dwelt in them.	
1 Chronicles 10:8	And it came to pass on the morrow, when the Philistines came to strip the slain, that they found Saul and his sons fallen in mount Gilboa.	
1 Chronicles 11:12	And after him was Eleazar the son of Dodo, the Ahohite, who was one of the three mighties.	
1 Chronicles 11:17	And David longed, and said, Oh that one would give me drink of the water of the well of Bethlehem, that is at the gate!	
1 Chronicles 11:22	Benaiah the son of Jehoiada, the son of a valiant man of Kabzeel, who had done many acts; he slew two lionlike men of Moab: also he went down and slew a lion in a pit in a snowy day.	
1 Chronicles 11:41	Uriah the Hittite, Zabad the son of Ahlai,	
1 Chronicles 11:44	Uzzia the Ashterathite, Shama and Jehiel the sons of Hothan the Aroerite,	
1 Chronicles 12:16	And there came of the children of Benjamin and Judah to the hold unto David.	
1 Chronicles 12:24	The children of Judah that bare shield and spear were six thousand and eight hundred, ready armed to the war.	
1 Chronicles 12:32	And of the children of Issachar, which were men that had understanding of the times, to know what Israel ought to do; the heads of them were two hundred; and all their brethren were at their commandment.	
1 Chronicles 12:34	And of Naphtali a thousand captains, and with them with shield and spear thirty and seven thousand.	
1 Chronicles 12:36	And of Asher, such as went forth to battle, expert in war, forty thousand.	
1 Chronicles 12:38	All these men of war, that could keep rank, came with a perfect heart to Hebron, to make David king over all Israel: and all the rest also of Israel were of one heart to make David king.	
1 Chronicles 12:9	Ezer the first, Obadiah the second, Eliab the third,	
1 Chronicles 13:11	And David was displeased, because the LORD had made a breach upon Uzza: wherefore that place is called Perezuzza to this day.	
1 Chronicles 13:12	And David was afraid of God that day, saying, How shall I bring the ark of God home to me?	
1 Chronicles 13:13	So David brought not the ark home to himself to the city of David, but carried it aside into the house of Obededom the Gittite.	
1 Chronicles 13:14	And the ark of God remained with the family of Obededom in his house three months. And the LORD blessed the house of Obededom, and all that he had.	
1 Chronicles 13:2	And David said unto all the congregation of Israel, If it seem good unto you, and that it be of the LORD our God, let us send abroad unto our brethren every where, that are left in all the land of Israel, and with them also to the priests and Levites which are in their cities and suburbs, that they may gather themselves unto us:	
1 Chronicles 13:8	And David and all Israel played before God with all their might, and with singing, and with harps, and with psalteries, and with timbrels, and with cymbals, and with trumpets.	
1 Chronicles 14:11	So they came up to Baalperazim; and David smote them there. Then David said, God hath broken in upon mine enemies by mine hand like the breaking forth of waters: therefore they called the name of that place Baalperazim.	
1 Chronicles 14:14	Therefore David inquired again of God; and God said unto him, Go not up after them; turn away from them, and come upon them over against the mulberry trees.	
1 Chronicles 15:1	And David made him houses in the city of David, and prepared a place for the ark of God, and pitched for it a tent.	
1 Chronicles 15:2	Then David said, None ought to carry the ark of God but the Levites: for them hath the LORD chosen to carry the ark of God, and to minister unto him for ever.	
1 Chronicles 15:21	And Mattithiah, and Elipheleh, and Mikneiah, and Obededom, and Jeiel, and Azaziah, with harps on the Sheminith to excel.	
1 Chronicles 15:26	And it came to pass, when God helped the Levites that bare the ark of the covenant of the LORD, that they offered seven bullocks and seven rams.	
1 Chronicles 15:28	Thus all Israel brought up the ark of the covenant of the LORD with shouting, and with sound of the cornet, and with trumpets, and with cymbals, making a noise with psalteries and harps.	
1 Chronicles 15:3	And David gathered all Israel together to Jerusalem, to bring up the ark of the LORD unto his place, which he had prepared for it.	
1 Chronicles 15:6	Of the sons of Merari; Asaiah the chief, and his brethren two hundred and twenty:	
1 Chronicles 16:13	O ye seed of Israel his servant, ye children of Jacob, his chosen ones.	
1 Chronicles 16:16	Even of the covenant which he made with Abraham, and of his oath unto Isaac;	
1 Chronicles 16:17	And hath confirmed the same to Jacob for a law, and to Israel for an everlasting covenant,	
1 Chronicles 16:18	Saying, Unto thee will I give the land of Canaan, the lot of your inheritance;	
1 Chronicles 16:29	Give unto the LORD the glory due unto his name: bring an offering, and come before him: worship the LORD in the beauty of holiness.	
1 Chronicles 16:38	And Obededom with their brethren, threescore and eight; Obededom also the son of Jeduthun and Hosah to be porters:	
1 Chronicles 16:41	And with them Heman and Jeduthun, and the rest that were chosen, who were expressed by name, to give thanks to the LORD, because his mercy endureth for ever;	
1 Chronicles 17:1	Now it came to pass, as David sat in his house, that David said to Nathan the prophet, Lo, I dwell in an house of cedars, but the ark of the covenant of the LORD remaineth under curtains.	
1 Chronicles 17:11	And it shall come to pass, when thy days be expired that thou must go to be with thy fathers, that I will raise up thy seed after thee, which shall be of thy sons; and I will establish his kingdom.	
1 Chronicles 17:17	And yet this was a small thing in thine eyes, O God; for thou hast also spoken of thy servant's house for a great while to come, and hast regarded me according to the estate of a man of high degree, O LORD God.	
1 Chronicles 17:19	O LORD, for thy servant's sake, and according to thine own heart, hast thou done all this greatness, in making known all these great things.	
1 Chronicles 17:23	Therefore now, LORD, let the thing that thou hast spoken concerning thy servant and concerning his house be established for ever, and do as thou hast said.	
1 Chronicles 17:26	And now, LORD, thou art God, and hast promised this goodness unto thy servant:	
1 Chronicles 17:3	And it came to pass the same night, that the word of God came to Nathan, saying,	
1 Chronicles 17:9	Also I will ordain a place for my people Israel, and will plant them, and they shall dwell in their place, and shall be moved no more; neither shall the children of wickedness waste them any more, as at the beginning,	
1 Chronicles 18:10	He sent Hadoram his son to king David, to enquire of his welfare, and to congratulate him, because he had fought against Hadarezer, and smitten him; (for Hadarezer had war with Tou;) and with him all manner of vessels of gold and silver and brass.	
1 Chronicles 18:14	So David reigned over all Israel, and executed judgment and justice among all his people.	
1 Chronicles 18:2	And he smote Moab; and the Moabites became David's servants, and brought gifts.	
1 Chronicles 18:4	And David took from him a thousand chariots, and seven thousand horsemen, and twenty thousand footmen: David also houghed all the chariot horses, but reserved of them an hundred chariots.	
1 Chronicles 19:1	Now it came to pass after this, that Nahash the king of the children of Ammon died, and his son reigned in his stead.	
1 Chronicles 19:10	Now when Joab saw that the battle was set against him before and behind, he chose out of all the choice of Israel, and put them in array against the Syrians.	
1 Chronicles 19:12	And he said, If the Syrians be too strong for me, then thou shalt help me: but if the children of Ammon be too strong for thee, then I will help thee.	
1 Chronicles 19:16	And when the Syrians saw that they were put to the worse before Israel, they sent messengers, and drew forth the Syrians that were beyond the river: and Shophach the captain of the host of Hadarezer went before them.	
1 Chronicles 19:18	But the Syrians fled before Israel; and David slew of the Syrians seven thousand men which fought in chariots, and forty thousand footmen, and killed Shophach the captain of the host.	
1 Chronicles 19:7	So they hired thirty and two thousand chariots, and the king of Maachah and his people; who came and pitched before Medeba. And the children of Ammon gathered themselves together from their cities, and came to battle.	
1 Chronicles 1:10	And Cush begat Nimrod: he began to be mighty upon the earth.	
1 Chronicles 1:18	And Arphaxad begat Shelah, and Shelah begat Eber.	
1 Chronicles 1:20	And Joktan begat Almodad, and Sheleph, and Hazarmaveth, and Jerah,	
1 Chronicles 1:26	Serug, Nahor, Terah,	
1 Chronicles 1:31	Jetur, Naphish, and Kedemah. These are the sons of Ishmael.	
1 Chronicles 1:34	And Abraham begat Isaac. The sons of Isaac; Esau and Israel.	
1 Chronicles 1:4	Noah, Shem, Ham, and Japheth.	
1 Chronicles 1:43	Now these are the kings that reigned in the land of Edom before any king reigned over the children of Israel; Bela the son of Beor: and the name of his city was Dinhabah.	
1 Chronicles 1:45	And when Jobab was dead, Husham of the land of the Temanites reigned in his stead.	
1 Chronicles 1:47	And when Hadad was dead, Samlah of Masrekah reigned in his stead.	
1 Chronicles 1:5	The sons of Japheth; Gomer, and Magog, and Madai, and Javan, and Tubal, and Meshech, and Tiras.	
1 Chronicles 1:7	And the sons of Javan; Elishah, and Tarshish, Kittim, and Dodanim.	
1 Chronicles 1:9	And the sons of Cush; Seba, and Havilah, and Sabta, and Raamah, and Sabtecha. And the sons of Raamah; Sheba, and Dedan.	
1 Chronicles 20:1	And it came to pass, that after the year was expired, at the time that kings go out to battle, Joab led forth the power of the army, and wasted the country of the children of Ammon, and came and besieged Rabbah. But David tarried at Jerusalem. And Joab smote Rabbah, and destroyed it.	
1 Chronicles 20:2	And David took the crown of their king from off his head, and found it to weigh a talent of gold, and there were precious stones in it; and it was set upon David's head: and he brought also exceeding much spoil out of the city.	
1 Chronicles 20:4	And it came to pass after this, that there arose war at Gezer with the Philistines; at which time Sibbechai the Hushathite slew Sippai, that was of the children of the giant: and they were subdued.	
1 Chronicles 21:10	Go and tell David, saying, Thus saith the LORD, I offer thee three things: choose thee one of them, that I may do it unto thee.	
1 Chronicles 21:12	Either three years' famine; or three months to be destroyed before thy foes, while that the sword of thine enemies overtaketh thee; or else three days the sword of the LORD, even the pestilence, in the land, and the angel of the LORD destroying throughout all the coasts of Israel. Now therefore advise thyself what word I shall bring again to him that sent me.	
1 Chronicles 21:14	So the LORD sent pestilence upon Israel: and there fell of Israel seventy thousand men.	
1 Chronicles 21:16	And David lifted up his eyes, and saw the angel of the LORD stand between the earth and the heaven, having a drawn sword in his hand stretched out over Jerusalem. Then David and the elders of Israel, who were clothed in sackcloth, fell upon their faces.	
1 Chronicles 21:22	Then David said to Ornan, Grant me the place of this threshingfloor, that I may build an altar therein unto the LORD: thou shalt grant it me for the full price: that the plague may be stayed from the people.	
1 Chronicles 21:24	And king David said to Ornan, Nay; but I will verily buy it for the full price: for I will not take that which is thine for the LORD, nor offer burnt offerings without cost.	
1 Chronicles 21:5	And Joab gave the sum of the number of the people unto David. And all they of Israel were a thousand thousand and an hundred thousand men that drew sword: and Judah was four hundred threescore and ten thousand men that drew sword.	
1 Chronicles 21:9	And the LORD spake unto Gad, David's seer, saying,	
1 Chronicles 22:1	Then David said, This is the house of the LORD God, and this is the altar of the burnt offering for Israel.	
1 Chronicles 22:19	Now set your heart and your soul to seek the LORD your God; arise therefore, and build ye the sanctuary of the LORD God, to bring the ark of the covenant of the LORD, and the holy vessels of God, into the house that is to be built to the name of the LORD.	
1 Chronicles 22:2	And David commanded to gather together the strangers that were in the land of Israel; and he set masons to hew wrought stones to build the house of God.	
1 Chronicles 22:3	And David prepared iron in abundance for the nails for the doors of the gates, and for the joinings; and brass in abundance without weight;	
1 Chronicles 22:4	Also cedar trees in abundance: for the Zidonians and they of Tyre brought much cedar wood to David.	
1 Chronicles 23:11	And Jahath was the chief, and Zizah the second: but Jeush and Beriah had not many sons; therefore they were in one reckoning, according to their father's house.	
1 Chronicles 23:14	Now concerning Moses the man of God, his sons were named of the tribe of Levi.	
1 Chronicles 23:19	Of the sons of Hebron; Jeriah the first, Amariah the second, Jahaziel the third, and Jekameam the fourth.	
1 Chronicles 23:2	And he gathered together all the princes of Israel, with the priests and the Levites.	
1 Chronicles 23:21	The sons of Merari; Mahli, and Mushi. The sons of Mahli; Eleazar, and Kish.	
1 Chronicles 23:23	The sons of Mushi; Mahli, and Eder, and Jeremoth, three.	
1 Chronicles 23:27	For by the last words of David the Levites were numbered from twenty years old and above:	
1 Chronicles 23:31	And to offer all burnt sacrifices unto the LORD in the sabbaths, in the new moons, and on the set feasts, by number, according to the order commanded unto them, continually before the LORD:	
1 Chronicles 23:5	Moreover four thousand were porters; and four thousand praised the LORD with the instruments which I made, said David, to praise therewith.	
1 Chronicles 23:7	Of the Gershonites were, Laadan, and Shimei.	
1 Chronicles 23:8	The sons of Laadan; the chief was Jehiel, and Zetham, and Joel, three.	
1 Chronicles 24:14	The fifteenth to Bilgah, the sixteenth to Immer,	
1 Chronicles 24:17	The one and twentieth to Jachin, the two and twentieth to Gamul,	
1 Chronicles 24:22	Of the Izharites; Shelomoth: of the sons of Shelomoth; Jahath.	
1 Chronicles 24:24	Of the sons of Uzziel; Michah: of the sons of Michah; Shamir.	
1 Chronicles 24:29	Concerning Kish: the son of Kish was Jerahmeel.	
1 Chronicles 25:1	Moreover David and the captains of the host separated to the service of the sons of Asaph, and of Heman, and of Jeduthun, who should prophesy with harps, with psalteries, and with cymbals: and the number of the workmen according to their service was:	
1 Chronicles 25:14	The seventh to Jesharelah, he, his sons, and his brethren, were twelve:	
1 Chronicles 25:16	The ninth to Mattaniah, he, his sons, and his brethren, were twelve:	
1 Chronicles 25:20	The thirteenth to Shubael, he, his sons, and his brethren, were twelve:	
1 Chronicles 25:23	The sixteenth to Hananiah, he, his sons, and his brethren, were twelve:	
1 Chronicles 25:27	The twentieth to Eliathah, he, his sons, and his brethren, were twelve:	
1 Chronicles 25:28	The one and twentieth to Hothir, he, his sons, and his brethren, were twelve:	
1 Chronicles 25:3	Of Jeduthun: the sons of Jeduthun; Gedaliah, and Zeri, and Jeshaiah, Hashabiah, and Mattithiah, six, under the hands of their father Jeduthun, who prophesied with a harp, to give thanks and to praise the LORD.	
1 Chronicles 25:6	All these were under the hands of their father for song in the house of the LORD, with cymbals, psalteries, and harps, for the service of the house of God, according to the king's order to Asaph, Jeduthun, and Heman.	
1 Chronicles 25:7	So the number of them, with their brethren that were instructed in the songs of the LORD, even all that were cunning, was two hundred fourscore and eight.	
1 Chronicles 26:1	Concerning the divisions of the porters: Of the Korhites was Meshelemiah the son of Kore, of the sons of Asaph.	
1 Chronicles 26:13	And they cast lots, as well the small as the great, according to the house of their fathers, for every gate.	
1 Chronicles 26:2	And the sons of Meshelemiah were, Zechariah the firstborn, Jediael the second, Zebadiah the third, Jathniel the fourth,	
1 Chronicles 26:20	And of the Levites, Ahijah was over the treasures of the house of God, and over the treasures of the dedicated things.	
1 Chronicles 26:21	As concerning the sons of Laadan; the sons of the Gershonite Laadan, chief fathers, even of Laadan the Gershonite, were Jehieli.	
1 Chronicles 26:23	Of the Amramites, and the Izharites, the Hebronites, and the Uzzielites:	
1 Chronicles 26:26	Which Shelomith and his brethren were over all the treasures of the dedicated things, which David the king, and the chief fathers, the captains over thousands and hundreds, and the captains of the host, had dedicated.	
1 Chronicles 26:3	Elam the fifth, Jehohanan the sixth, Elioenai the seventh.	
1 Chronicles 26:8	All these of the sons of Obededom: they and their sons and their brethren, able men for strength for the service, were threescore and two of Obededom.	
1 Chronicles 27:11	The eighth captain for the eighth month was Sibbecai the Hushathite, of the Zarhites: and in his course were twenty and four thousand.	
1 Chronicles 27:16	Furthermore over the tribes of Israel: the ruler of the Reubenites was Eliezer the son of Zichri: of the Simeonites, Shephatiah the son of Maachah:	
1 Chronicles 27:2	Over the first course for the first month was Jashobeam the son of Zabdiel: and in his course were twenty and four thousand.	
1 Chronicles 27:20	Of the children of Ephraim, Hoshea the son of Azaziah: of the half tribe of Manasseh, Joel the son of Pedaiah:	
1 Chronicles 27:23	But David took not the number of them from twenty years old and under: because the LORD had said he would increase Israel like to the stars of the heavens.	
1 Chronicles 27:25	And over the king's treasures was Azmaveth the son of Adiel: and over the storehouses in the fields, in the cities, and in the villages, and in the castles, was Jehonathan the son of Uzziah:	
1 Chronicles 27:3	Of the children of Perez was the chief of all the captains of the host for the first month.	
1 Chronicles 27:4	And over the course of the second month was Dodai an Ahohite, and of his course was Mikloth also the ruler: in his course likewise were twenty and four thousand.	
1 Chronicles 28:14	He gave of gold by weight for things of gold, for all instruments of all manner of service; silver also for all instruments of silver by weight, for all instruments of every kind of service:	
1 Chronicles 28:15	Even the weight for the candlesticks of gold, and for their lamps of gold, by weight for every candlestick, and for the lamps thereof: and for the candlesticks of silver by weight, both for the candlestick, and also for the lamps thereof, according to the use of every candlestick.	
1 Chronicles 28:17	Also pure gold for the fleshhooks, and the bowls, and the cups: and for the golden basins he gave gold by weight for every basin; and likewise silver by weight for every basin of silver:	
1 Chronicles 28:2	Then David the king stood up upon his feet, and said, Hear me, my brethren, and my people: As for me, I had in mine heart to build an house of rest for the ark of the covenant of the LORD, and for the footstool of our God, and had made ready for the building:	
1 Chronicles 28:20	And David said to Solomon his son, Be strong and of good courage, and do it: fear not, nor be dismayed: for the LORD God, even my God, will be with thee; he will not fail thee, nor forsake thee, until thou hast finished all the work for the service of the house of the LORD.	
1 Chronicles 29:15	For we are strangers before thee, and sojourners, as were all our fathers: our days on the earth are as a shadow, and there is none abiding.	
1 Chronicles 29:20	And David said to all the congregation, Now bless the LORD your God. And all the congregation blessed the LORD God of their fathers, and bowed down their heads, and worshipped the LORD, and the king.	
1 Chronicles 29:23	Then Solomon sat on the throne of the LORD as king instead of David his father, and prospered; and all Israel obeyed him.	
1 Chronicles 29:24	And all the princes, and the mighty men, and all the sons likewise of king David, submitted themselves unto Solomon the king.	
1 Chronicles 29:4	Even three thousand talents of gold, of the gold of Ophir, and seven thousand talents of refined silver, to overlay the walls of the houses withal:	
1 Chronicles 2:1	These are the sons of Israel; Reuben, Simeon, Levi, and Judah, Issachar, and Zebulun,	
1 Chronicles 2:11	And Nahshon begat Salma, and Salma begat Boaz,	
1 Chronicles 2:14	Nethaneel the fourth, Raddai the fifth,	
1 Chronicles 2:16	Whose sisters were Zeruiah, and Abigail. And the sons of Zeruiah; Abishai, and Joab, and Asahel, three.	
1 Chronicles 2:19	And when Azubah was dead, Caleb took unto him Ephrath, which bare him Hur.	
1 Chronicles 2:20	And Hur begat Uri, and Uri begat Bezaleel.	
1 Chronicles 2:21	And afterward Hezron went in to the daughter of Machir the father of Gilead, whom he married when he was threescore years old; and she bare him Segub.	
1 Chronicles 2:4	And Tamar his daughter in law bore him Pharez and Zerah. All the sons of Judah were five.	
1 Chronicles 2:40	And Eleasah begat Sisamai, and Sisamai begat Shallum,	
1 Chronicles 2:41	And Shallum begat Jekamiah, and Jekamiah begat Elishama.	
1 Chronicles 2:45	And the son of Shammai was Maon: and Maon was the father of Bethzur.	
1 Chronicles 2:48	Maachah, Caleb's concubine, bare Sheber, and Tirhanah.	
1 Chronicles 2:7	And the sons of Carmi; Achar, the troubler of Israel, who transgressed in the thing accursed.	
1 Chronicles 2:9	The sons also of Hezron, that were born unto him; Jerahmeel, and Ram, and Chelubai.	
1 Chronicles 3:10	And Solomon's son was Rehoboam, Abia his son, Asa his son, Jehoshaphat his son,	
1 Chronicles 3:14	Amon his son, Josiah his son.	
1 Chronicles 3:21	And the sons of Hananiah; Pelatiah, and Jesaiah: the sons of Rephaiah, the sons of Arnan, the sons of Obadiah, the sons of Shechaniah.	
1 Chronicles 3:9	These were all the sons of David, beside the sons of the concubines, and Tamar their sister.	
1 Chronicles 4:20	And the sons of Shimon were, Amnon, and Rinnah, Benhanan, and Tilon. And the sons of Ishi were, Zoheth, and Benzoheth.	
1 Chronicles 4:26	And the sons of Mishma; Hamuel his son, Zacchur his son, Shimei his son.	
1 Chronicles 4:32	And their villages were, Etam, and Ain, Rimmon, and Tochen, and Ashan, five cities:	
1 Chronicles 4:36	And Elioenai, and Jaakobah, and Jeshohaiah, and Asaiah, and Adiel, and Jesimiel, and Benaiah,	
1 Chronicles 4:39	And they went to the entrance of Gedor, even unto the east side of the valley, to seek pasture for their flocks.	
1 Chronicles 4:40	And they found fat pasture and good, and the land was wide, and quiet, and peaceable; for they of Ham had dwelt there of old.	
1 Chronicles 4:41	And these written by name came in the days of Hezekiah king of Judah, and smote their tents, and the habitations that were found there, and destroyed them utterly unto this day, and dwelt in their rooms: because there was pasture there for their flocks.	
1 Chronicles 4:43	And they smote the rest of the Amalekites that were escaped, and dwelt there unto this day.	
1 Chronicles 4:7	And the sons of Helah were, Zereth, and Jezoar, and Ethnan.	
1 Chronicles 4:8	And Coz begat Anub, and Zobebah, and the families of Aharhel the son of Harum.	
1 Chronicles 5:11	And the children of Gad dwelt over against them, in the land of Bashan unto Salcah:	
1 Chronicles 5:19	And they made war with the Hagarites, with Jetur, and Nephish, and Nodab.	
1 Chronicles 5:23	And the children of the half tribe of Manasseh dwelt in the land: they increased from Bashan unto Baalhermon and Senir, and unto mount Hermon.	
1 Chronicles 5:3	The sons, I say, of Reuben the firstborn of Israel were, Hanoch, and Pallu, Hezron, and Carmi.	
1 Chronicles 5:6	Beerah his son, whom Tilgathpilneser king of Assyria carried away captive: he was prince of the Reubenites.	
1 Chronicles 6:19	The sons of Merari; Mahli, and Mushi. And these are the families of the Levites according to their fathers.	
1 Chronicles 6:25	And the sons of Elkanah; Amasai, and Ahimoth.	
1 Chronicles 6:29	The sons of Merari; Mahli, Libni his son, Shimei his son, Uzza his son,	
1 Chronicles 6:31	And these are they whom David set over the service of song in the house of the LORD, after that the ark had rest.	
1 Chronicles 6:4	Eleazar begat Phinehas, Phinehas begat Abishua,	
1 Chronicles 6:44	And their brethren the sons of Merari stood on the left hand: Ethan the son of Kishi, the son of Abdi, the son of Malluch,	
1 Chronicles 6:56	But the fields of the city, and the villages thereof, they gave to Caleb the son of Jephunneh.	
1 Chronicles 6:57	And to the sons of Aaron they gave the cities of Judah, namely, Hebron, the city of refuge, and Libnah with her suburbs, and Jattir, and Eshtemoa, with their suburbs,	
1 Chronicles 6:59	And Ashan with her suburbs, and Bethshemesh with her suburbs:	
1 Chronicles 6:61	And unto the sons of Kohath, which were left of the family of that tribe, were cities given out of the half tribe, namely, out of the half tribe of Manasseh, by lot, ten cities.	
1 Chronicles 6:64	And the children of Israel gave to the Levites these cities with their suburbs.	
1 Chronicles 6:68	And Jokmeam with her suburbs, and Bethhoron with her suburbs,	
1 Chronicles 6:69	And Aijalon with her suburbs, and Gathrimmon with her suburbs:	
1 Chronicles 6:77	Unto the rest of the children of Merari were given out of the tribe of Zebulun, Rimmon with her suburbs, Tabor with her suburbs:	
1 Chronicles 6:9	And Ahimaaz begat Azariah, and Azariah begat Johanan,	
1 Chronicles 7:10	The sons also of Jediael; Bilhan: and the sons of Bilhan; Jeush, and Benjamin, and Ehud, and Chenaanah, and Zethan, and Tharshish, and Ahishahar.	
1 Chronicles 7:15	And Machir took to wife the sister of Huppim and Shuppim, whose sister's name was Maachah;) and the name of the second was Zelophehad: and Zelophehad had daughters.	
1 Chronicles 7:19	And the sons of Shemidah were, Ahian, and Shechem, and Likhi, and Aniam.	
1 Chronicles 7:20	And the sons of Ephraim; Shuthelah, and Bered his son, and Tahath his son, and Eladah his son, and Tahath his son,	
1 Chronicles 7:23	And when he went in to his wife, she conceived, and bare a son, and he called his name Beriah, because it went evil with his house.	
1 Chronicles 7:30	The sons of Asher; Imnah, and Isuah, and Ishuai, and Beriah, and Serah their sister.	
1 Chronicles 7:37	Bezer, and Hod, and Shamma, and Shilshah, and Ithran, and Beera.	
1 Chronicles 7:38	And the sons of Jether; Jephunneh, and Pispah, and Ara.	
1 Chronicles 7:5	And their brethren among all the families of Issachar were valiant men of might, reckoned in all by their genealogies fourscore and seven thousand.	
1 Chronicles 7:7	And the sons of Bela; Ezbon, and Uzzi, and Uzziel, and Jerimoth, and Iri, five; heads of the house of their fathers, mighty men of valor; and were reckoned by their genealogies twenty and two thousand and thirty and four.	
1 Chronicles 8:11	And of Hushim he begat Abitub, and Elpaal.	
1 Chronicles 8:14	And Ahio, Shashak, and Jeremoth,	
1 Chronicles 8:16	And Michael, and Ispah, and Joha, the sons of Beriah;	
1 Chronicles 8:22	And Ishpan, and Heber, and Eliel,	
1 Chronicles 8:23	And Abdon, and Zichri, and Hanan,	
1 Chronicles 8:28	These were heads of the fathers, by their generations, chief men. These dwelt in Jerusalem.	
1 Chronicles 8:32	And Mikloth begat Shimeah. And these also dwelt with their brethren in Jerusalem, over against them.	
1 Chronicles 8:34	And the son of Jonathan was Meribbaal; and Meribbaal begat Micah.	
1 Chronicles 8:35	And the sons of Micah were, Pithon, and Melech, and Tarea, and Ahaz.	
1 Chronicles 8:8	And Shaharaim begat children in the country of Moab, after he had sent them away; Hushim and Baara were his wives.	
1 Chronicles 9:13	And their brethren, heads of the house of their fathers, a thousand and seven hundred and threescore; very able men for the work of the service of the house of God.	
1 Chronicles 9:14	And of the Levites; Shemaiah the son of Hasshub, the son of Azrikam, the son of Hashabiah, of the sons of Merari;	
1 Chronicles 9:18	Who hitherto waited in the king's gate eastward: they were porters in the companies of the children of Levi.	
1 Chronicles 9:2	Now the first inhabitants that dwelt in their possessions in their cities were, the Israelites, the priests, Levites, and the Nethinims.	
1 Chronicles 9:24	In four quarters were the porters, toward the east, west, north, and south.	
1 Chronicles 9:30	And some of the sons of the priests made the ointment of the spices.	
1 Chronicles 9:39	And Ner begat Kish; and Kish begat Saul; and Saul begat Jonathan, and Malchishua, and Abinadab, and Eshbaal.	
1 Chronicles 9:41	And the sons of Micah were, Pithon, and Melech, and Tahrea, and Ahaz.	
1 Chronicles 9:42	And Ahaz begat Jarah; and Jarah begat Alemeth, and Azmaveth, and Zimri; and Zimri begat Moza;	
1 Chronicles 9:44	And Azel had six sons, whose names are these, Azrikam, Bocheru, and Ishmael, and Sheariah, and Obadiah, and Hanan: these were the sons of Azel.	
1 Chronicles 9:6	And of the sons of Zerah; Jeuel, and their brethren, six hundred and ninety.	
1 Corinthians 10:1	Moreover, brethren, I would not that ye should be ignorant, how that all our fathers were under the cloud, and all passed through the sea;	
1 Corinthians 10:11	Now all these things happened unto them for ensamples: and they are written for our admonition, upon whom the ends of the world are come.	
1 Corinthians 10:12	Wherefore let him that thinketh he standeth take heed lest he fall.	
1 Corinthians 10:14	Wherefore, my dearly beloved, flee from idolatry.	
1 Corinthians 10:24	Let no man seek his own, but every man another's wealth.	
1 Corinthians 10:27	If any of them that believe not bid you to a feast, and ye be disposed to go; whatsoever is set before you, eat, asking no question for conscience sake.	
1 Corinthians 10:4	And did all drink the same spiritual drink: for they drank of that spiritual Rock that followed them: and that Rock was Christ.	
1 Corinthians 10:5	But with many of them God was not well pleased: for they were overthrown in the wilderness.	
1 Corinthians 11:10	For this cause ought the woman to have power on her head because of the angels.	
1 Corinthians 11:13	Judge in yourselves: is it comely that a woman pray unto God uncovered?	
1 Corinthians 11:2	Now I praise you, brethren, that ye remember me in all things, and keep the ordinances, as I delivered them to you.	
1 Corinthians 11:24	And when he had given thanks, he brake it, and said, Take, eat: this is my body, which is broken for you: this do in remembrance of me.	
1 Corinthians 11:6	For if the woman be not covered, let her also be shorn: but if it be a shame for a woman to be shorn or shaven, let her be covered.	
1 Corinthians 12:10	To another the working of miracles; to another prophecy; to another discerning of spirits; to another divers kinds of tongues; to another the interpretation of tongues:	
1 Corinthians 12:13	For by one Spirit are we all baptized into one body, whether we be Jews or Gentiles, whether we be bond or free; and have been all made to drink into one Spirit.	
1 Corinthians 12:20	But now are they many members, yet but one body.	
1 Corinthians 12:22	Nay, much more those members of the body, which seem to be more feeble, are necessary:	
1 Corinthians 12:31	But covet earnestly the best gifts: and yet shew I unto you a more excellent way.	
1 Corinthians 12:6	And there are diversities of operations, but it is the same God which worketh all in all.	
1 Corinthians 13:5	Doth not behave itself unseemly, seeketh not her own, is not easily provoked, thinketh no evil;	
1 Corinthians 13:6	Rejoiceth not in iniquity, but rejoiceth in the truth;	
1 Corinthians 13:7	Beareth all things, believeth all things, hopeth all things, endureth all things.	
1 Corinthians 14:1	Follow after charity, and desire spiritual gifts, but rather that ye may prophesy.	
1 Corinthians 14:12	Even so ye, forasmuch as ye are zealous of spiritual gifts, seek that ye may excel to the edifying of the church.	
1 Corinthians 14:17	For thou verily givest thanks well, but the other is not edified.	
1 Corinthians 14:25	And thus are the secrets of his heart made manifest; and so falling down on his face he will worship God, and report that God is in you of a truth.	
1 Corinthians 14:28	But if there be no interpreter, let him keep silence in the church; and let him speak to himself, and to God.	
1 Corinthians 14:31	For ye may all prophesy one by one, that all may learn, and all may be comforted.	
1 Corinthians 14:33	For God is not the author of confusion, but of peace, as in all churches of the saints.	
1 Corinthians 14:36	What? came the word of God out from you? or came it unto you only?	
1 Corinthians 14:37	If any man think himself to be a prophet, or spiritual, let him acknowledge that the things that I write unto you are the commandments of the Lord.	
1 Corinthians 14:38	But if any man be ignorant, let him be ignorant.	
1 Corinthians 14:4	He that speaketh in an unknown tongue edifieth himself; but he that prophesieth edifieth the church.	
1 Corinthians 14:40	Let all things be done decently and in order.	
1 Corinthians 14:6	Now, brethren, if I come unto you speaking with tongues, what shall I profit you, except I shall speak to you either by revelation, or by knowledge, or by prophesying, or by doctrine?	
1 Corinthians 15:1	Moreover, brethren, I declare unto you the gospel which I preached unto you, which also ye have received, and wherein ye stand;	
1 Corinthians 15:10	But by the grace of God I am what I am: and his grace which was bestowed upon me was not in vain; but I laboured more abundantly than they all: yet not I, but the grace of God which was with me.	
1 Corinthians 15:11	Therefore whether it were I or they, so we preach, and so ye believed.	
1 Corinthians 15:13	But if there be no resurrection of the dead, then is Christ not risen:	
1 Corinthians 15:16	For if the dead rise not, then is not Christ raised:	
1 Corinthians 15:21	For since by man came death, by man came also the resurrection of the dead.	
1 Corinthians 15:30	And why stand we in jeopardy every hour?	
1 Corinthians 15:32	If after the manner of men I have fought with beasts at Ephesus, what advantageth it me, if the dead rise not? let us eat and drink; for to morrow we die.	
1 Corinthians 15:4	And that he was buried, and that he rose again the third day according to the scriptures:	
1 Corinthians 15:40	There are also celestial bodies, and bodies terrestrial: but the glory of the celestial is one, and the glory of the terrestrial is another.	
1 Corinthians 15:41	There is one glory of the sun, and another glory of the moon, and another glory of the stars: for one star differeth from another star in glory.	
1 Corinthians 15:43	It is sown in dishonour; it is raised in glory: it is sown in weakness; it is raised in power:	
1 Corinthians 15:48	As is the earthy, such are they also that are earthy: and as is the heavenly, such are they also that are heavenly.	
1 Corinthians 15:9	For I am the least of the apostles, that am not meet to be called an apostle, because I persecuted the church of God.	
1 Corinthians 16:1	Now concerning the collection for the saints, as I have given order to the churches of Galatia, even so do ye.	
1 Corinthians 16:11	Let no man therefore despise him: but conduct him forth in peace, that he may come unto me: for I look for him with the brethren.	
1 Corinthians 16:12	As touching our brother Apollos, I greatly desired him to come unto you with the brethren: but his will was not at all to come at this time; but he will come when he shall have convenient time.	
1 Corinthians 16:13	Watch ye, stand fast in the faith, quit you like men, be strong.	
1 Corinthians 16:24	My love be with you all in Christ Jesus. Amen.	
1 Corinthians 16:6	And it may be that I will abide, yea, and winter with you, that ye may bring me on my journey whithersoever I go.	
1 Corinthians 16:7	For I will not see you now by the way; but I trust to tarry a while with you, if the Lord permit.	
1 Corinthians 16:9	For a great door and effectual is opened unto me, and there are many adversaries.	
1 Corinthians 1:10	Now I beseech you, brethren, by the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, that ye all speak the same thing, and that there be no divisions among you; but that ye be perfectly joined together in the same mind and in the same judgment.	
1 Corinthians 1:18	For the preaching of the cross is to them that perish foolishness; but unto us which are saved it is the power of God.	
1 Corinthians 1:19	For it is written, I will destroy the wisdom of the wise, and will bring to nothing the understanding of the prudent.	
1 Corinthians 1:23	But we preach Christ crucified, unto the Jews a stumblingblock, and unto the Greeks foolishness;	
1 Corinthians 1:26	For ye see your calling, brethren, how that not many wise men after the flesh, not many mighty, not many noble, are called:	
1 Corinthians 1:28	And base things of the world, and things which are despised, hath God chosen, yea, and things which are not, to bring to nought things that are:	
1 Corinthians 1:3	Grace be unto you, and peace, from God our Father, and from the Lord Jesus Christ.	
1 Corinthians 1:5	That in every thing ye are enriched by him, in all utterance, and in all knowledge;	
1 Corinthians 1:7	So that ye come behind in no gift; waiting for the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ:	
1 Corinthians 2:1	And I, brethren, when I came to you, came not with excellency of speech or of wisdom, declaring unto you the testimony of God.	
1 Corinthians 2:10	But God hath revealed them unto us by his Spirit: for the Spirit searcheth all things, yea, the deep things of God.	
1 Corinthians 2:12	Now we have received, not the spirit of the world, but the spirit which is of God; that we might know the things that are freely given to us of God.	
1 Corinthians 3:1	And I, brethren, could not speak unto you as unto spiritual, but as unto carnal, even as unto babes in Christ.	
1 Corinthians 3:15	If any man's work shall be burned, he shall suffer loss: but he himself shall be saved; yet so as by fire.	
1 Corinthians 3:17	If any man defile the temple of God, him shall God destroy; for the temple of God is holy, which temple ye are.	
1 Corinthians 3:2	I have fed you with milk, and not with meat: for hitherto ye were not able to bear it, neither yet now are ye able.	
1 Corinthians 3:23	And ye are Christ's; and Christ is God's.	
1 Corinthians 3:3	For ye are yet carnal: for whereas there is among you envying, and strife, and divisions, are ye not carnal, and walk as men?	
1 Corinthians 3:5	Who then is Paul, and who is Apollos, but ministers by whom ye believed, even as the Lord gave to every man?	
1 Corinthians 4:1	Let a man so account of us, as of the ministers of Christ, and stewards of the mysteries of God.	
1 Corinthians 4:12	And labour, working with our own hands: being reviled, we bless; being persecuted, we suffer it:	
1 Corinthians 4:15	For though ye have ten thousand instructers in Christ, yet have ye not many fathers: for in Christ Jesus I have begotten you through the gospel.	
1 Corinthians 4:2	Moreover it is required in stewards, that a man be found faithful.	
1 Corinthians 4:20	For the kingdom of God is not in word, but in power.	
1 Corinthians 4:7	For who maketh thee to differ from another? and what hast thou that thou didst not receive? now if thou didst receive it, why dost thou glory, as if thou hadst not received it?	
1 Corinthians 5:12	For what have I to do to judge them also that are without? do not ye judge them that are within?	
1 Corinthians 5:2	And ye are puffed up, and have not rather mourned, that he that hath done this deed might be taken away from among you.	
1 Corinthians 5:6	Your glorying is not good. Know ye not that a little leaven leaveneth the whole lump?	
1 Corinthians 6:16	What? know ye not that he which is joined to an harlot is one body? for two, saith he, shall be one flesh.	
1 Corinthians 6:17	But he that is joined unto the Lord is one spirit.	
1 Corinthians 6:20	For ye are bought with a price: therefore glorify God in your body, and in your spirit, which are God's.	
1 Corinthians 6:6	But brother goeth to law with brother, and that before the unbelievers.	
1 Corinthians 7:1	Now concerning the things whereof ye wrote unto me: It is good for a man not to touch a woman.	
1 Corinthians 7:16	For what knowest thou, O wife, whether thou shalt save thy husband? or how knowest thou, O man, whether thou shalt save thy wife?	
1 Corinthians 7:20	Let every man abide in the same calling wherein he was called.	
1 Corinthians 7:21	Art thou called being a servant? care not for it: but if thou mayest be made free, use it rather.	
1 Corinthians 7:7	For I would that all men were even as I myself. But every man hath his proper gift of God, one after this manner, and another after that.	
1 Corinthians 8:13	Wherefore, if meat make my brother to offend, I will eat no flesh while the world standeth, lest I make my brother to offend.	
1 Corinthians 8:8	But meat commendeth us not to God: for neither, if we eat, are we the better; neither, if we eat not, are we the worse.	
1 Corinthians 9:1	Am I not an apostle? am I not free? have I not seen Jesus Christ our Lord? are not ye my work in the Lord?	
1 Corinthians 9:12	If others be partakers of this power over you, are not we rather? Nevertheless we have not used this power; but suffer all things, lest we should hinder the gospel of Christ.	
1 Corinthians 9:27	But I keep under my body, and bring it into subjection: lest that by any means, when I have preached to others, I myself should be a castaway.	
1 Corinthians 9:3	Mine answer to them that do examine me is this,	
1 Corinthians 9:4	Have we not power to eat and to drink?	
1 Corinthians 9:5	Have we not power to lead about a sister, a wife, as well as other apostles, and as the brethren of the Lord, and Cephas?	
1 John 1:6	If we say that we have fellowship with him, and walk in darkness, we lie, and do not the truth:	
1 John 1:7	But if we walk in the light, as he is in the light, we have fellowship one with another, and the blood of Jesus Christ his Son cleanseth us from all sin.	
1 John 1:9	If we confess our sins, he is faithful and just to forgive us our sins, and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness.	
1 John 2:11	But he that hateth his brother is in darkness, and walketh in darkness, and knoweth not whither he goeth, because that darkness hath blinded his eyes.	
1 John 2:12	I write unto you, little children, because your sins are forgiven you for his name's sake.	
1 John 2:14	I have written unto you, fathers, because ye have known him that is from the beginning. I have written unto you, young men, because ye are strong, and the word of God abideth in you, and ye have overcome the wicked one.	
1 John 2:16	For all that is in the world, the lust of the flesh, and the lust of the eyes, and the pride of life, is not of the Father, but is of the world.	
1 John 2:21	I have not written unto you because ye know not the truth, but because ye know it, and that no lie is of the truth.	
1 John 2:22	Who is a liar but he that denieth that Jesus is the Christ? He is antichrist, that denieth the Father and the Son.	
1 John 2:24	Let that therefore abide in you, which ye have heard from the beginning. If that which ye have heard from the beginning shall remain in you, ye also shall continue in the Son, and in the Father.	
1 John 2:26	These things have I written unto you concerning them that seduce you.	
1 John 2:28	And now, little children, abide in him; that, when he shall appear, we may have confidence, and not be ashamed before him at his coming.	
1 John 2:29	If ye know that he is righteous, ye know that every one that doeth righteousness is born of him.	
1 John 2:9	He that saith he is in the light, and hateth his brother, is in darkness even until now.	
1 John 3:10	In this the children of God are manifest, and the children of the devil: whosoever doeth not righteousness is not of God, neither he that loveth not his brother.	
1 John 3:13	Marvel not, my brethren, if the world hate you.	
1 John 3:19	And hereby we know that we are of the truth, and shall assure our hearts before him.	
1 John 3:2	Beloved, now are we the sons of God, and it doth not yet appear what we shall be: but we know that, when he shall appear, we shall be like him; for we shall see him as he is.	
1 John 3:23	And this is his commandment, That we should believe on the name of his Son Jesus Christ, and love one another, as he gave us commandment.	
1 John 3:3	And every man that hath this hope in him purifieth himself, even as he is pure.	
1 John 3:5	And ye know that he was manifested to take away our sins; and in him is no sin.	
1 John 4:13	Hereby know we that we dwell in him, and he in us, because he hath given us of his Spirit.	
1 John 4:14	And we have seen and do testify that the Father sent the Son to be the Saviour of the world.	
1 John 4:4	Ye are of God, little children, and have overcome them: because greater is he that is in you, than he that is in the world.	
1 John 4:8	He that loveth not knoweth not God; for God is love.	
1 John 5:14	And this is the confidence that we have in him, that, if we ask any thing according to his will, he heareth us:	
1 John 5:16	If any man see his brother sin a sin which is not unto death, he shall ask, and he shall give him life for them that sin not unto death. There is a sin unto death: I do not say that he shall pray for it.	
1 John 5:20	And we know that the Son of God is come, and hath given us an understanding, that we may know him that is true, and we are in him that is true, even in his Son Jesus Christ. This is the true God, and eternal life.	
1 Kings 10:1	And when the queen of Sheba heard of the fame of Solomon concerning the name of the LORD, she came to prove him with hard questions.	
1 Kings 10:14	Now the weight of gold that came to Solomon in one year was six hundred threescore and six talents of gold,	
1 Kings 10:17	And he made three hundred shields of beaten gold; three pound of gold went to one shield: and the king put them in the house of the forest of Lebanon.	
1 Kings 10:19	The throne had six steps, and the top of the throne was round behind: and there were stays on either side on the place of the seat, and two lions stood beside the stays.	
1 Kings 10:21	And all king Solomon's drinking vessels were of gold, and all the vessels of the house of the forest of Lebanon were of pure gold; none were of silver: it was nothing accounted of in the days of Solomon.	
1 Kings 10:23	So king Solomon exceeded all the kings of the earth for riches and for wisdom.	
1 Kings 10:3	And Solomon told her all her questions: there was not any thing hid from the king, which he told her not.	
1 Kings 10:6	And she said to the king, It was a true report that I heard in mine own land of thy acts and of thy wisdom.	
1 Kings 11:1	But king Solomon loved many strange women, together with the daughter of Pharaoh, women of the Moabites, Ammonites, Edomites, Zidonians, and Hittites:	
1 Kings 11:10	And had commanded him concerning this thing, that he should not go after other gods: but he kept not that which the LORD commanded.	
1 Kings 11:13	Howbeit I will not rend away all the kingdom; but will give one tribe to thy son for David my servant's sake, and for Jerusalem's sake which I have chosen.	
1 Kings 11:14	And the LORD stirred up an adversary unto Solomon, Hadad the Edomite: he was of the king's seed in Edom.	
1 Kings 11:16	(For six months did Joab remain there with all Israel, until he had cut off every male in Edom:)	
1 Kings 11:20	And the sister of Tahpenes bare him Genubath his son, whom Tahpenes weaned in Pharaoh's house: and Genubath was in Pharaoh's household among the sons of Pharaoh.	
1 Kings 11:21	And when Hadad heard in Egypt that David slept with his fathers, and that Joab the captain of the host was dead, Hadad said to Pharaoh, Let me depart, that I may go to mine own country.	
1 Kings 11:3	And he had seven hundred wives, princesses, and three hundred concubines: and his wives turned away his heart.	
1 Kings 11:30	And Ahijah caught the new garment that was on him, and rent it in twelve pieces:	
1 Kings 11:34	Howbeit I will not take the whole kingdom out of his hand: but I will make him prince all the days of his life for David my servant's sake, whom I chose, because he kept my commandments and my statutes:	
1 Kings 11:36	And unto his son will I give one tribe, that David my servant may have a light alway before me in Jerusalem, the city which I have chosen me to put my name there.	
1 Kings 11:37	And I will take thee, and thou shalt reign according to all that thy soul desireth, and shalt be king over Israel.	
1 Kings 11:40	Solomon sought therefore to kill Jeroboam. And Jeroboam arose, and fled into Egypt, unto Shishak king of Egypt, and was in Egypt until the death of Solomon.	
1 Kings 11:43	And Solomon slept with his fathers, and was buried in the city of David his father: and Rehoboam his son reigned in his stead.	
1 Kings 11:9	And the LORD was angry with Solomon, because his heart was turned from the LORD God of Israel, which had appeared unto him twice,	
1 Kings 12:1	And Rehoboam went to Shechem: for all Israel were come to Shechem to make him king.	
1 Kings 12:13	And the king answered the people roughly, and forsook the old men's counsel that they gave him;	
1 Kings 12:5	And he said unto them, Depart yet for three days, then come again to me. And the people departed.	
1 Kings 12:6	And king Rehoboam consulted with the old men, that stood before Solomon his father while he yet lived, and said, How do ye advise that I may answer this people?	
1 Kings 12:9	And he said unto them, What counsel give ye that we may answer this people, who have spoken to me, saying, Make the yoke which thy father did put upon us lighter?	
1 Kings 13:15	Then he said unto him, Come home with me, and eat bread.	
1 Kings 13:16	And he said, I may not return with thee, nor go in with thee: neither will I eat bread nor drink water with thee in this place:	
1 Kings 13:23	And it came to pass, after he had eaten bread, and after he had drunk, that he saddled for him the ass, to wit, for the prophet whom he had brought back.	
1 Kings 13:24	And when he was gone, a lion met him by the way, and slew him: and his carcass was cast in the way, and the ass stood by it, the lion also stood by the carcass.	
1 Kings 13:27	And he spake to his sons, saying, Saddle me the ass. And they saddled him.	
1 Kings 13:29	And the prophet took up the carcass of the man of God, and laid it upon the ass, and brought it back: and the old prophet came to the city, to mourn and to bury him.	
1 Kings 13:32	For the saying which he cried by the word of the LORD against the altar in Bethel, and against all the houses of the high places which are in the cities of Samaria, shall surely come to pass.	
1 Kings 13:34	And this thing became sin unto the house of Jeroboam, even to cut it off, and to destroy it from off the face of the earth.	
1 Kings 13:6	And the king answered and said unto the man of God, Entreat now the face of the LORD thy God, and pray for me, that my hand may be restored me again. And the man of God besought the LORD, and the king's hand was restored him again, and became as it was before.	
1 Kings 14:13	And all Israel shall mourn for him, and bury him: for he only of Jeroboam shall come to the grave, because in him there is found some good thing toward the LORD God of Israel in the house of Jeroboam.	
1 Kings 14:16	And he shall give Israel up because of the sins of Jeroboam, who did sin, and who made Israel to sin.	
1 Kings 14:19	And the rest of the acts of Jeroboam, how he warred, and how he reigned, behold, they are written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel.	
1 Kings 14:20	And the days which Jeroboam reigned were two and twenty years: and he slept with his fathers, and Nadab his son reigned in his stead.	
1 Kings 14:22	And Judah did evil in the sight of the LORD, and they provoked him to jealousy with their sins which they had committed, above all that their fathers had done.	
1 Kings 14:24	And there were also sodomites in the land: and they did according to all the abominations of the nations which the LORD cast out before the children of Israel.	
1 Kings 14:27	And king Rehoboam made in their stead brazen shields, and committed them unto the hands of the chief of the guard, which kept the door of the king's house.	
1 Kings 14:3	And take with thee ten loaves, and cracknels, and a cruse of honey, and go to him: he shall tell thee what shall become of the child.	
1 Kings 14:4	And Jeroboam's wife did so, and arose, and went to Shiloh, and came to the house of Ahijah. But Ahijah could not see; for his eyes were set by reason of his age.	
1 Kings 15:2	Three years reigned he in Jerusalem. and his mother's name was Maachah, the daughter of Abishalom.	
1 Kings 15:24	And Asa slept with his fathers, and was buried with his fathers in the city of David his father: and Jehoshaphat his son reigned in his stead.	
1 Kings 15:28	Even in the third year of Asa king of Judah did Baasha slay him, and reigned in his stead.	
1 Kings 15:29	And it came to pass, when he reigned, that he smote all the house of Jeroboam; he left not to Jeroboam any that breathed, until he had destroyed him, according unto the saying of the LORD, which he spake by his servant Ahijah the Shilonite:	
1 Kings 15:30	Because of the sins of Jeroboam which he sinned, and which he made Israel sin, by his provocation wherewith he provoked the LORD God of Israel to anger.	
1 Kings 15:31	Now the rest of the acts of Nadab, and all that he did, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?	
1 Kings 15:32	And there was war between Asa and Baasha king of Israel all their days.	
1 Kings 16:1	Then the word of the LORD came to Jehu the son of Hanani against Baasha, saying,	
1 Kings 16:10	And Zimri went in and smote him, and killed him, in the twenty and seventh year of Asa king of Judah, and reigned in his stead.	
1 Kings 16:12	Thus did Zimri destroy all the house of Baasha, according to the word of the LORD, which he spake against Baasha by Jehu the prophet.	
1 Kings 16:14	Now the rest of the acts of Elah, and all that he did, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?	
1 Kings 16:17	And Omri went up from Gibbethon, and all Israel with him, and they besieged Tirzah.	
1 Kings 16:22	But the people that followed Omri prevailed against the people that followed Tibni the son of Ginath: so Tibni died, and Omri reigned.	
1 Kings 16:24	And he bought the hill Samaria of Shemer for two talents of silver, and built on the hill, and called the name of the city which he built, after the name of Shemer, owner of the hill, Samaria.	
1 Kings 16:32	And he reared up an altar for Baal in the house of Baal, which he had built in Samaria.	
1 Kings 16:5	Now the rest of the acts of Baasha, and what he did, and his might, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?	
1 Kings 16:6	So Baasha slept with his fathers, and was buried in Tirzah: and Elah his son reigned in his stead.	
1 Kings 17:21	And he stretched himself upon the child three times, and cried unto the LORD, and said, O LORD my God, I pray thee, let this child's soul come into him again.	
1 Kings 17:22	And the LORD heard the voice of Elijah; and the soul of the child came into him again, and he revived.	
1 Kings 17:3	Get thee hence, and turn thee eastward, and hide thyself by the brook Cherith, that is before Jordan.	
1 Kings 17:4	And it shall be, that thou shalt drink of the brook; and I have commanded the ravens to feed thee there.	
1 Kings 17:5	So he went and did according unto the word of the LORD: for he went and dwelt by the brook Cherith, that is before Jordan.	
1 Kings 17:6	And the ravens brought him bread and flesh in the morning, and bread and flesh in the evening; and he drank of the brook.	
1 Kings 18:10	As the LORD thy God liveth, there is no nation or kingdom, whither my lord hath not sent to seek thee: and when they said, He is not there; he took an oath of the kingdom and nation, that they found thee not.	
1 Kings 18:19	Now therefore send, and gather to me all Israel unto mount Carmel, and the prophets of Baal four hundred and fifty, and the prophets of the groves four hundred, which eat at Jezebel's table.	
1 Kings 18:20	So Ahab sent unto all the children of Israel, and gathered the prophets together unto mount Carmel.	
1 Kings 18:21	And Elijah came unto all the people, and said, How long halt ye between two opinions? if the LORD be God, follow him: but if Baal, then follow him. And the people answered him not a word.	
1 Kings 18:28	And they cried aloud, and cut themselves after their manner with knives and lancets, till the blood gushed out upon them.	
1 Kings 18:30	And Elijah said unto all the people, Come near unto me. And all the people came near unto him. And he repaired the altar of the LORD that was broken down.	
1 Kings 18:31	And Elijah took twelve stones, according to the number of the tribes of the sons of Jacob, unto whom the word of the LORD came, saying, Israel shall be thy name:	
1 Kings 18:38	Then the fire of the LORD fell, and consumed the burnt sacrifice, and the wood, and the stones, and the dust, and licked up the water that was in the trench.	
1 Kings 18:40	And Elijah said unto them, Take the prophets of Baal; let not one of them escape. And they took them: and Elijah brought them down to the brook Kishon, and slew them there.	
1 Kings 18:46	And the hand of the LORD was on Elijah; and he girded up his loins, and ran before Ahab to the entrance of Jezreel.	
1 Kings 18:5	And Ahab said unto Obadiah, Go into the land, unto all fountains of water, and unto all brooks: peradventure we may find grass to save the horses and mules alive, that we lose not all the beasts.	
1 Kings 19:12	And after the earthquake a fire; but the LORD was not in the fire: and after the fire a still small voice.	
1 Kings 19:14	And he said, I have been very jealous for the LORD God of hosts: because the children of Israel have forsaken thy covenant, thrown down thine altars, and slain thy prophets with the sword; and I, even I only, am left; and they seek my life, to take it away.	
1 Kings 19:16	And Jehu the son of Nimshi shalt thou anoint to be king over Israel: and Elisha the son of Shaphat of Abelmeholah shalt thou anoint to be prophet in thy room.	
1 Kings 19:18	Yet I have left me seven thousand in Israel, all the knees which have not bowed unto Baal, and every mouth which hath not kissed him.	
1 Kings 19:2	Then Jezebel sent a messenger unto Elijah, saying, So let the gods do to me, and more also, if I make not thy life as the life of one of them by to morrow about this time.	
1 Kings 1:1	Now king David was old and stricken in years; and they covered him with clothes, but he gat no heat.	
1 Kings 1:13	Go and get thee in unto king David, and say unto him, Didst not thou, my lord, O king, swear unto thine handmaid, saying, Assuredly Solomon thy son shall reign after me, and he shall sit upon my throne? why then doth Adonijah reign?	
1 Kings 1:14	Behold, while thou yet talkest there with the king, I also will come in after thee, and confirm thy words.	
1 Kings 1:18	And now, behold, Adonijah reigneth; and now, my lord the king, thou knowest it not:	
1 Kings 1:20	And thou, my lord, O king, the eyes of all Israel are upon thee, that thou shouldest tell them who shall sit on the throne of my lord the king after him.	
1 Kings 1:24	And Nathan said, My lord, O king, hast thou said, Adonijah shall reign after me, and he shall sit upon my throne?	
1 Kings 1:30	Even as I sware unto thee by the LORD God of Israel, saying, Assuredly Solomon thy son shall reign after me, and he shall sit upon my throne in my stead; even so will I certainly do this day.	
1 Kings 1:34	And let Zadok the priest and Nathan the prophet anoint him there king over Israel: and blow ye with the trumpet, and say, God save king Solomon.	
1 Kings 1:47	And moreover the king's servants came to bless our lord king David, saying, God make the name of Solomon better than thy name, and make his throne greater than thy throne. And the king bowed himself upon the bed.	
1 Kings 1:51	And it was told Solomon, saying, Behold, Adonijah feareth king Solomon: for, lo, he hath caught hold on the horns of the altar, saying, Let king Solomon swear unto me today that he will not slay his servant with the sword.	
1 Kings 1:52	And Solomon said, If he will show himself a worthy man, there shall not an hair of him fall to the earth: but if wickedness shall be found in him, he shall die.	
1 Kings 20:10	And Benhadad sent unto him, and said, The gods do so unto me, and more also, if the dust of Samaria shall suffice for handfuls for all the people that follow me.	
1 Kings 20:14	And Ahab said, By whom? And he said, Thus saith the LORD, Even by the young men of the princes of the provinces. Then he said, Who shall order the battle? And he answered, Thou.	
1 Kings 20:16	And they went out at noon. But Benhadad was drinking himself drunk in the pavilions, he and the kings, the thirty and two kings that helped him.	
1 Kings 20:22	And the prophet came to the king of Israel, and said unto him, Go, strengthen thyself, and mark, and see what thou doest: for at the return of the year the king of Syria will come up against thee.	
1 Kings 20:24	And do this thing, Take the kings away, every man out of his place, and put captains in their rooms:	
1 Kings 20:29	And they pitched one over against the other seven days. And so it was, that in the seventh day the battle was joined: and the children of Israel slew of the Syrians an hundred thousand footmen in one day.	
1 Kings 20:32	So they girded sackcloth on their loins, and put ropes on their heads, and came to the king of Israel, and said, Thy servant Benhadad saith, I pray thee, let me live. And he said, Is he yet alive? he is my brother.	
1 Kings 20:33	Now the men did diligently observe whether any thing would come from him, and did hastily catch it: and they said, Thy brother Benhadad. Then he said, Go ye, bring him. Then Benhadad came forth to him; and he caused him to come up into the chariot.	
1 Kings 20:38	So the prophet departed, and waited for the king by the way, and disguised himself with ashes upon his face.	
1 Kings 20:39	And as the king passed by, he cried unto the king: and he said, Thy servant went out into the midst of the battle; and, behold, a man turned aside, and brought a man unto me, and said, Keep this man: if by any means he be missing, then shall thy life be for his life, or else thou shalt pay a talent of silver.	
1 Kings 20:40	And as thy servant was busy here and there, he was gone. And the king of Israel said unto him, So shall thy judgment be; thyself hast decided it.	
1 Kings 20:42	And he said unto him, Thus saith the LORD, Because thou hast let go out of thy hand a man whom I appointed to utter destruction, therefore thy life shall go for his life, and thy people for his people.	
1 Kings 20:6	Yet I will send my servants unto thee to morrow about this time, and they shall search thine house, and the houses of thy servants; and it shall be, that whatsoever is pleasant in thine eyes, they shall put it in their hand, and take it away.	
1 Kings 20:8	And all the elders and all the people said unto him, Hearken not unto him, nor consent.	
1 Kings 21:1	And it came to pass after these things, that Naboth the Jezreelite had a vineyard, which was in Jezreel, hard by the palace of Ahab king of Samaria.	
1 Kings 21:11	And the men of his city, even the elders and the nobles who were the inhabitants in his city, did as Jezebel had sent unto them, and as it was written in the letters which she had sent unto them.	
1 Kings 21:16	And it came to pass, when Ahab heard that Naboth was dead, that Ahab rose up to go down to the vineyard of Naboth the Jezreelite, to take possession of it.	
1 Kings 21:18	Arise, go down to meet Ahab king of Israel, which is in Samaria: behold, he is in the vineyard of Naboth, whither he is gone down to possess it.	
1 Kings 21:22	And will make thine house like the house of Jeroboam the son of Nebat, and like the house of Baasha the son of Ahijah, for the provocation wherewith thou hast provoked me to anger, and made Israel to sin.	
1 Kings 21:6	And he said unto her, Because I spake unto Naboth the Jezreelite, and said unto him, Give me thy vineyard for money; or else, if it please thee, I will give thee another vineyard for it: and he answered, I will not give thee my vineyard.	
1 Kings 22:13	And the messenger that was gone to call Micaiah spake unto him, saying, Behold now, the words of the prophets declare good unto the king with one mouth: let thy word, I pray thee, be like the word of one of them, and speak that which is good.	
1 Kings 22:16	And the king said unto him, How many times shall I adjure thee that thou tell me nothing but that which is true in the name of the LORD?	
1 Kings 22:17	And he said, I saw all Israel scattered upon the hills, as sheep that have not a shepherd: and the LORD said, These have no master: let them return every man to his house in peace.	
1 Kings 22:2	And it came to pass in the third year, that Jehoshaphat the king of Judah came down to the king of Israel.	
1 Kings 22:24	But Zedekiah the son of Chenaanah went near, and smote Micaiah on the cheek, and said, Which way went the Spirit of the LORD from me to speak unto thee?	
1 Kings 22:28	And Micaiah said, If thou return at all in peace, the LORD hath not spoken by me. And he said, Hearken, O people, every one of you.	
1 Kings 22:3	And the king of Israel said unto his servants, Know ye that Ramoth in Gilead is ours, and we be still, and take it not out of the hand of the king of Syria?	
1 Kings 22:36	And there went a proclamation throughout the host about the going down of the sun, saying, Every man to his city, and every man to his own country.	
1 Kings 22:38	And one washed the chariot in the pool of Samaria; and the dogs licked up his blood; and they washed his armor; according unto the word of the LORD which he spake.	
1 Kings 22:41	And Jehoshaphat the son of Asa began to reign over Judah in the fourth year of Ahab king of Israel.	
1 Kings 22:45	Now the rest of the acts of Jehoshaphat, and his might that he showed, and how he warred, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?	
1 Kings 22:47	There was then no king in Edom: a deputy was king.	
1 Kings 22:49	Then said Ahaziah the son of Ahab unto Jehoshaphat, Let my servants go with thy servants in the ships. But Jehoshaphat would not.	
1 Kings 22:50	And Jehoshaphat slept with his fathers, and was buried with his fathers in the city of David his father: and Jehoram his son reigned in his stead.	
1 Kings 22:52	And he did evil in the sight of the LORD, and walked in the way of his father, and in the way of his mother, and in the way of Jeroboam the son of Nebat, who made Israel to sin:	
1 Kings 22:8	And the king of Israel said unto Jehoshaphat, There is yet one man, Micaiah the son of Imlah, by whom we may enquire of the LORD: but I hate him; for he doth not prophesy good concerning me, but evil. And Jehoshaphat said, Let not the king say so.	
1 Kings 2:10	So David slept with his fathers, and was buried in the city of David.	
1 Kings 2:14	He said moreover, I have somewhat to say unto thee. And she said, Say on.	
1 Kings 2:15	And he said, Thou knowest that the kingdom was mine, and that all Israel set their faces on me, that I should reign: howbeit the kingdom is turned about, and is become my brother's: for it was his from the LORD.	
1 Kings 2:19	Bathsheba therefore went unto king Solomon, to speak unto him for Adonijah. And the king rose up to meet her, and bowed himself unto her, and sat down on his throne, and caused a seat to be set for the king's mother; and she sat on his right hand.	
1 Kings 2:2	I go the way of all the earth: be thou strong therefore, and show thyself a man;	
1 Kings 2:24	Now therefore, as the LORD liveth, which hath established me, and set me on the throne of David my father, and who hath made me an house, as he promised, Adonijah shall be put to death this day.	
1 Kings 2:25	And king Solomon sent by the hand of Benaiah the son of Jehoiada; and he fell upon him that he died.	
1 Kings 2:26	And unto Abiathar the priest said the king, Get thee to Anathoth, unto thine own fields; for thou art worthy of death: but I will not at this time put thee to death, because thou barest the ark of the LORD God before David my father, and because thou hast been afflicted in all wherein my father was afflicted.	
1 Kings 2:29	And it was told king Solomon that Joab was fled unto the tabernacle of the LORD; and, behold, he is by the altar. Then Solomon sent Benaiah the son of Jehoiada, saying, Go, fall upon him.	
1 Kings 2:3	And keep the charge of the LORD thy God, to walk in his ways, to keep his statutes, and his commandments, and his judgments, and his testimonies, as it is written in the law of Moses, that thou mayest prosper in all that thou doest, and whithersoever thou turnest thyself:	
1 Kings 2:30	And Benaiah came to the tabernacle of the LORD, and said unto him, Thus saith the king, Come forth. And he said, Nay; but I will die here. And Benaiah brought the king word again, saying, Thus said Joab, and thus he answered me.	
1 Kings 2:43	Why then hast thou not kept the oath of the LORD, and the commandment that I have charged thee with?	
1 Kings 2:45	And king Solomon shall be blessed, and the throne of David shall be established before the LORD for ever.	
1 Kings 2:7	But show kindness unto the sons of Barzillai the Gileadite, and let them be of those that eat at thy table: for so they came to me when I fled because of Absalom thy brother.	
1 Kings 3:10	And the speech pleased the LORD, that Solomon had asked this thing.	
1 Kings 3:12	Behold, I have done according to thy words: lo, I have given thee a wise and an understanding heart; so that there was none like thee before thee, neither after thee shall any arise like unto thee.	
1 Kings 3:16	Then came there two women, that were harlots, unto the king, and stood before him.	
1 Kings 3:21	And when I rose in the morning to give my child suck, behold, it was dead: but when I had considered it in the morning, behold, it was not my son, which I did bear.	
1 Kings 3:28	And all Israel heard of the judgment which the king had judged; and they feared the king: for they saw that the wisdom of God was in him, to do judgment.	
1 Kings 4:13	The son of Geber, in Ramothgilead; to him pertained the towns of Jair the son of Manasseh, which are in Gilead; to him also pertained the region of Argob, which is in Bashan, threescore great cities with walls and brazen bars:	
1 Kings 4:18	Shimei the son of Elah, in Benjamin:	
1 Kings 4:19	Geber the son of Uri was in the country of Gilead, in the country of Sihon king of the Amorites, and of Og king of Bashan; and he was the only officer which was in the land.	
1 Kings 4:2	And these were the princes which he had; Azariah the son of Zadok the priest,	
1 Kings 4:21	And Solomon reigned over all kingdoms from the river unto the land of the Philistines, and unto the border of Egypt: they brought presents, and served Solomon all the days of his life.	
1 Kings 4:22	And Solomon's provision for one day was thirty measures of fine flour, and threescore measures of meal,	
1 Kings 4:25	And Judah and Israel dwelt safely, every man under his vine and under his fig tree, from Dan even to Beersheba, all the days of Solomon.	
1 Kings 4:29	And God gave Solomon wisdom and understanding exceeding much, and largeness of heart, even as the sand that is on the sea shore.	
1 Kings 4:4	And Benaiah the son of Jehoiada was over the host: and Zadok and Abiathar were the priests:	
1 Kings 5:1	And Hiram king of Tyre sent his servants unto Solomon; for he had heard that they had anointed him king in the room of his father: for Hiram was ever a lover of David.	
1 Kings 5:13	And king Solomon raised a levy out of all Israel; and the levy was thirty thousand men.	
1 Kings 5:14	And he sent them to Lebanon, ten thousand a month by courses: a month they were in Lebanon, and two months at home: and Adoniram was over the levy.	
1 Kings 5:16	Beside the chief of Solomon's officers which were over the work, three thousand and three hundred, which ruled over the people that wrought in the work.	
1 Kings 5:18	And Solomon's builders and Hiram's builders did hew them, and the stonesquarers: so they prepared timber and stones to build the house.	
1 Kings 5:7	And it came to pass, when Hiram heard the words of Solomon, that he rejoiced greatly, and said, Blessed be the LORD this day, which hath given unto David a wise son over this great people.	
1 Kings 6:10	And then he built chambers against all the house, five cubits high: and they rested on the house with timber of cedar.	
1 Kings 6:18	And the cedar of the house within was carved with knops and open flowers: all was cedar; there was no stone seen.	
1 Kings 6:21	So Solomon overlaid the house within with pure gold: and he made a partition by the chains of gold before the oracle; and he overlaid it with gold.	
1 Kings 6:25	And the other cherub was ten cubits: both the cherubim were of one measure and one size.	
1 Kings 6:30	And the floors of the house he overlaid with gold, within and without.	
1 Kings 6:32	The two doors also were of olive tree; and he carved upon them carvings of cherubim and palm trees and open flowers, and overlaid them with gold, and spread gold upon the cherubim, and upon the palm trees.	
1 Kings 6:36	And he built the inner court with three rows of hewed stone, and a row of cedar beams.	
1 Kings 6:38	And in the eleventh year, in the month Bul, which is the eighth month, was the house finished throughout all the parts thereof, and according to all the fashion of it. So was he seven years in building it.	
1 Kings 6:6	The nethermost chamber was five cubits broad, and the middle was six cubits broad, and the third was seven cubits broad: for without in the wall of the house he made narrowed rests round about, that the beams should not be fastened in the walls of the house.	
1 Kings 7:14	He was a widow's son of the tribe of Naphtali, and his father was a man of Tyre, a worker in brass: and he was filled with wisdom, and understanding, and cunning to work all works in brass. And he came to king Solomon, and wrought all his work.	
1 Kings 7:22	And upon the top of the pillars was lily work: so was the work of the pillars finished.	
1 Kings 7:23	And he made a molten sea, ten cubits from the one brim to the other: it was round all about, and his height was five cubits: and a line of thirty cubits did compass it round about.	
1 Kings 7:27	And he made ten bases of brass; four cubits was the length of one base, and four cubits the breadth thereof, and three cubits the height of it.	
1 Kings 7:39	And he put five bases on the right side of the house, and five on the left side of the house: and he set the sea on the right side of the house eastward over against the south.	
1 Kings 7:4	And there were windows in three rows, and light was against light in three ranks.	
1 Kings 7:40	And Hiram made the lavers, and the shovels, and the basins. So Hiram made an end of doing all the work that he made king Solomon for the house of the LORD:	
1 Kings 7:41	The two pillars, and the two bowls of the chapiters that were on the top of the two pillars; and the two networks, to cover the two bowls of the chapiters which were upon the top of the pillars;	
1 Kings 7:43	And the ten bases, and ten lavers on the bases;	
1 Kings 7:6	And he made a porch of pillars; the length thereof was fifty cubits, and the breadth thereof thirty cubits: and the porch was before them: and the other pillars and the thick beam were before them.	
1 Kings 8:1	Then Solomon assembled the elders of Israel, and all the heads of the tribes, the chief of the fathers of the children of Israel, unto king Solomon in Jerusalem, that they might bring up the ark of the covenant of the LORD out of the city of David, which is Zion.	
1 Kings 8:14	And the king turned his face about, and blessed all the congregation of Israel: (and all the congregation of Israel stood;)	
1 Kings 8:15	And he said, Blessed be the LORD God of Israel, which spake with his mouth unto David my father, and hath with his hand fulfilled it, saying,	
1 Kings 8:19	Nevertheless thou shalt not build the house; but thy son that shall come forth out of thy loins, he shall build the house unto my name.	
1 Kings 8:26	And now, O God of Israel, let thy word, I pray thee, be verified, which thou spakest unto thy servant David my father.	
1 Kings 8:29	That thine eyes may be open toward this house night and day, even toward the place of which thou hast said, My name shall be there: that thou mayest hearken unto the prayer which thy servant shall make toward this place.	
1 Kings 8:31	If any man trespass against his neighbor, and an oath be laid upon him to cause him to swear, and the oath come before thine altar in this house:	
1 Kings 8:35	When heaven is shut up, and there is no rain, because they have sinned against thee; if they pray toward this place, and confess thy name, and turn from their sin, when thou afflictest them:	
1 Kings 8:40	That they may fear thee all the days that they live in the land which thou gavest unto our fathers.	
1 Kings 8:42	(For they shall hear of thy great name, and of thy strong hand, and of thy stretched out arm;) when he shall come and pray toward this house;	
1 Kings 8:47	Yet if they shall bethink themselves in the land whither they were carried captives, and repent, and make supplication unto thee in the land of them that carried them captives, saying, We have sinned, and have done perversely, we have committed wickedness;	
1 Kings 8:5	And king Solomon, and all the congregation of Israel, that were assembled unto him, were with him before the ark, sacrificing sheep and oxen, that could not be told nor numbered for multitude.	
1 Kings 8:54	And it was so, that when Solomon had made an end of praying all this prayer and supplication unto the LORD, he arose from before the altar of the LORD, from kneeling on his knees with his hands spread up to heaven.	
1 Kings 8:56	Blessed be the LORD, that hath given rest unto his people Israel, according to all that he promised: there hath not failed one word of all his good promise, which he promised by the hand of Moses his servant.	
1 Kings 8:58	That he may incline our hearts unto him, to walk in all his ways, and to keep his commandments, and his statutes, and his judgments, which he commanded our fathers.	
1 Kings 8:61	Let your heart therefore be perfect with the LORD our God, to walk in his statutes, and to keep his commandments, as at this day.	
1 Kings 8:66	On the eighth day he sent the people away: and they blessed the king, and went unto their tents joyful and glad of heart for all the goodness that the LORD had done for David his servant, and for Israel his people.	
1 Kings 9:12	And Hiram came out from Tyre to see the cities which Solomon had given him; and they pleased him not.	
1 Kings 9:14	And Hiram sent to the king sixscore talents of gold.	
1 Kings 9:17	And Solomon built Gezer, and Bethhoron the nether,	
1 Kings 9:18	And Baalath, and Tadmor in the wilderness, in the land,	
1 Kings 9:2	That the LORD appeared to Solomon the second time, as he had appeared unto him at Gibeon.	
1 Kings 9:20	And all the people that were left of the Amorites, Hittites, Perizzites, Hivites, and Jebusites, which were not of the children of Israel,	
1 Kings 9:22	But of the children of Israel did Solomon make no bondmen: but they were men of war, and his servants, and his princes, and his captains, and rulers of his chariots, and his horsemen.	
1 Kings 9:23	These were the chief of the officers that were over Solomon's work, five hundred and fifty, which bare rule over the people that wrought in the work.	
1 Kings 9:5	Then I will establish the throne of thy kingdom upon Israel for ever, as I promised to David thy father, saying, There shall not fail thee a man upon the throne of Israel.	
1 Kings 9:8	And at this house, which is high, every one that passeth by it shall be astonished, and shall hiss; and they shall say, Why hath the LORD done thus unto this land, and to this house?	
1 Peter 1:10	Of which salvation the prophets have enquired and searched diligently, who prophesied of the grace that should come unto you:	
1 Peter 1:11	Searching what, or what manner of time the Spirit of Christ which was in them did signify, when it testified beforehand the sufferings of Christ, and the glory that should follow.	
1 Peter 1:14	As obedient children, not fashioning yourselves according to the former lusts in your ignorance:	
1 Peter 1:23	Being born again, not of corruptible seed, but of incorruptible, by the word of God, which liveth and abideth for ever.	
1 Peter 1:25	But the word of the Lord endureth for ever. And this is the word which by the gospel is preached unto you.	
1 Peter 1:4	To an inheritance incorruptible, and undefiled, and that fadeth not away, reserved in heaven for you,	
1 Peter 2:11	Dearly beloved, I beseech you as strangers and pilgrims, abstain from fleshly lusts, which war against the soul;	
1 Peter 2:15	For so is the will of God, that with well doing ye may put to silence the ignorance of foolish men:	
1 Peter 2:20	For what glory is it, if, when ye be buffeted for your faults, ye shall take it patiently? but if, when ye do well, and suffer for it, ye take it patiently, this is acceptable with God.	
1 Peter 2:9	But ye are a chosen generation, a royal priesthood, an holy nation, a peculiar people; that ye should shew forth the praises of him who hath called you out of darkness into his marvellous light;	
1 Peter 3:13	And who is he that will harm you, if ye be followers of that which is good?	
1 Peter 3:16	Having a good conscience; that, whereas they speak evil of you, as of evildoers, they may be ashamed that falsely accuse your good conversation in Christ.	
1 Peter 3:5	For after this manner in the old time the holy women also, who trusted in God, adorned themselves, being in subjection unto their own husbands:	
1 Peter 3:9	Not rendering evil for evil, or railing for railing: but contrariwise blessing; knowing that ye are thereunto called, that ye should inherit a blessing.	
1 Peter 4:12	Beloved, think it not strange concerning the fiery trial which is to try you, as though some strange thing happened unto you:	
1 Peter 4:16	Yet if any man suffer as a Christian, let him not be ashamed; but let him glorify God on this behalf.	
1 Peter 4:18	And if the righteous scarcely be saved, where shall the ungodly and the sinner appear?	
1 Peter 5:14	Greet ye one another with a kiss of charity. Peace be with you all that are in Christ Jesus. Amen.	
1 Peter 5:5	Likewise, ye younger, submit yourselves unto the elder. Yea, all of you be subject one to another, and be clothed with humility: for God resisteth the proud, and giveth grace to the humble.	
1 Peter 5:9	Whom resist stedfast in the faith, knowing that the same afflictions are accomplished in your brethren that are in the world.	
1 Samuel 10:1	Then Samuel took a vial of oil, and poured it upon his head, and kissed him, and said, Is it not because the LORD hath anointed thee to be captain over his inheritance?	
1 Samuel 10:10	And when they came thither to the hill, behold, a company of prophets met him; and the Spirit of God came upon him, and he prophesied among them.	
1 Samuel 10:11	And it came to pass, when all that knew him beforetime saw that, behold, he prophesied among the prophets, then the people said one to another, What is this that is come unto the son of Kish? Is Saul also among the prophets?	
1 Samuel 10:13	And when he had made an end of prophesying, he came to the high place.	
1 Samuel 10:15	And Saul's uncle said, Tell me, I pray thee, what Samuel said unto you.	
1 Samuel 10:16	And Saul said unto his uncle, He told us plainly that the asses were found. But of the matter of the kingdom, whereof Samuel spake, he told him not.	
1 Samuel 10:18	And said unto the children of Israel, Thus saith the LORD God of Israel, I brought up Israel out of Egypt, and delivered you out of the hand of the Egyptians, and out of the hand of all kingdoms, and of them that oppressed you:	
1 Samuel 10:20	And when Samuel had caused all the tribes of Israel to come near, the tribe of Benjamin was taken.	
1 Samuel 10:22	Therefore they inquired of the LORD further, if the man should yet come thither. And the LORD answered, Behold he hath hid himself among the stuff.	
1 Samuel 10:24	And Samuel said to all the people, See ye him whom the LORD hath chosen, that there is none like him among all the people? And all the people shouted, and said, God save the king.	
1 Samuel 10:27	But the children of Belial said, How shall this man save us? And they despised him, and brought no presents. But he held his peace.	
1 Samuel 11:10	Therefore the men of Jabesh said, To morrow we will come out unto you, and ye shall do with us all that seemeth good unto you.	
1 Samuel 11:11	And it was so on the morrow, that Saul put the people in three companies; and they came into the midst of the host in the morning watch, and slew the Ammonites until the heat of the day: and it came to pass, that they which remained were scattered, so that two of them were not left together.	
1 Samuel 11:9	And they said unto the messengers that came, Thus shall ye say unto the men of Jabeshgilead, To morrow, by that time the sun be hot, ye shall have help. And the messengers came and showed it to the men of Jabesh; and they were glad.	
1 Samuel 12:1	And Samuel said unto all Israel, Behold, I have hearkened unto your voice in all that ye said unto me, and have made a king over you.	
1 Samuel 12:12	And when ye saw that Nahash the king of the children of Ammon came against you, ye said unto me, Nay; but a king shall reign over us: when the LORD your God was your king.	
1 Samuel 12:13	Now therefore behold the king whom ye have chosen, and whom ye have desired! and, behold, the LORD hath set a king over you.	
1 Samuel 12:14	If ye will fear the LORD, and serve him, and obey his voice, and not rebel against the commandment of the LORD, then shall both ye and also the king that reigneth over you continue following the LORD your God:	
1 Samuel 12:15	But if ye will not obey the voice of the LORD, but rebel against the commandment of the LORD, then shall the hand of the LORD be against you, as it was against your fathers.	
1 Samuel 12:2	And now, behold, the king walketh before you: and I am old and grayheaded; and, behold, my sons are with you: and I have walked before you from my childhood unto this day.	
1 Samuel 12:3	Behold, here I am: witness against me before the LORD, and before his anointed: whose ox have I taken? or whose ass have I taken? or whom have I defrauded? whom have I oppressed? or of whose hand have I received any bribe to blind mine eyes therewith? and I will restore it you.	
1 Samuel 12:6	And Samuel said unto the people, It is the LORD that advanced Moses and Aaron, and that brought your fathers up out of the land of Egypt.	
1 Samuel 13:10	And it came to pass, that as soon as he had made an end of offering the burnt offering, behold, Samuel came; and Saul went out to meet him, that he might salute him.	
1 Samuel 13:13	And Samuel said to Saul, Thou hast done foolishly: thou hast not kept the commandment of the LORD thy God, which he commanded thee: for now would the LORD have established thy kingdom upon Israel for ever.	
1 Samuel 13:14	But now thy kingdom shall not continue: the LORD hath sought him a man after his own heart, and the LORD hath commanded him to be captain over his people, because thou hast not kept that which the LORD commanded thee.	
1 Samuel 13:17	And the spoilers came out of the camp of the Philistines in three companies: one company turned unto the way that leadeth to Ophrah, unto the land of Shual:	
1 Samuel 13:2	Saul chose him three thousand men of Israel; whereof two thousand were with Saul in Michmash and in mount Bethel, and a thousand were with Jonathan in Gibeah of Benjamin: and the rest of the people he sent every man to his tent.	
1 Samuel 13:20	But all the Israelites went down to the Philistines, to sharpen every man his share, and his coulter, and his axe, and his mattock.	
1 Samuel 13:3	And Jonathan smote the garrison of the Philistines that was in Geba, and the Philistines heard of it. And Saul blew the trumpet throughout all the land, saying, Let the Hebrews hear.	
1 Samuel 13:5	And the Philistines gathered themselves together to fight with Israel, thirty thousand chariots, and six thousand horsemen, and people as the sand which is on the sea shore in multitude: and they came up, and pitched in Michmash, eastward from Bethaven.	
1 Samuel 13:7	And some of the Hebrews went over Jordan to the land of Gad and Gilead. As for Saul, he was yet in Gilgal, and all the people followed him trembling.	
1 Samuel 14:10	But if they say thus, Come up unto us; then we will go up: for the LORD hath delivered them into our hand: and this shall be a sign unto us.	
1 Samuel 14:18	And Saul said unto Ahiah, Bring hither the ark of God. For the ark of God was at that time with the children of Israel.	
1 Samuel 14:20	And Saul and all the people that were with him assembled themselves, and they came to the battle: and, behold, every man's sword was against his fellow, and there was a very great discomfiture.	
1 Samuel 14:21	Moreover the Hebrews that were with the Philistines before that time, which went up with them into the camp from the country round about, even they also turned to be with the Israelites that were with Saul and Jonathan.	
1 Samuel 14:25	And all they of the land came to a wood; and there was honey upon the ground.	
1 Samuel 14:27	But Jonathan heard not when his father charged the people with the oath: wherefore he put forth the end of the rod that was in his hand, and dipped it in an honeycomb, and put his hand to his mouth; and his eyes were enlightened.	
1 Samuel 14:38	And Saul said, Draw ye near hither, all the chief of the people: and know and see wherein this sin hath been this day.	
1 Samuel 14:40	Then said he unto all Israel, Be ye on one side, and I and Jonathan my son will be on the other side. And the people said unto Saul, Do what seemeth good unto thee.	
1 Samuel 14:44	And Saul answered, God do so and more also: for thou shalt surely die, Jonathan.	
1 Samuel 14:45	And the people said unto Saul, Shall Jonathan die, who hath wrought this great salvation in Israel? God forbid: as the LORD liveth, there shall not one hair of his head fall to the ground; for he hath wrought with God this day. So the people rescued Jonathan, that he died not.	
1 Samuel 14:46	Then Saul went up from following the Philistines: and the Philistines went to their own place.	
1 Samuel 14:47	So Saul took the kingdom over Israel, and fought against all his enemies on every side, against Moab, and against the children of Ammon, and against Edom, and against the kings of Zobah, and against the Philistines: and whithersoever he turned himself, he vexed them.	
1 Samuel 14:49	Now the sons of Saul were Jonathan, and Ishui, and Melchishua: and the names of his two daughters were these; the name of the firstborn Merab, and the name of the younger Michal:	
1 Samuel 15:12	And when Samuel rose early to meet Saul in the morning, it was told Samuel, saying, Saul came to Carmel, and, behold, he set him up a place, and is gone about, and passed on, and gone down to Gilgal.	
1 Samuel 15:14	And Samuel said, What meaneth then this bleating of the sheep in mine ears, and the lowing of the oxen which I hear?	
1 Samuel 15:15	And Saul said, They have brought them from the Amalekites: for the people spared the best of the sheep and of the oxen, to sacrifice unto the LORD thy God; and the rest we have utterly destroyed.	
1 Samuel 15:19	Wherefore then didst thou not obey the voice of the LORD, but didst fly upon the spoil, and didst evil in the sight of the LORD?	
1 Samuel 15:22	And Samuel said, Hath the LORD as great delight in burnt offerings and sacrifices, as in obeying the voice of the LORD? Behold, to obey is better than sacrifice, and to hearken than the fat of rams.	
1 Samuel 15:24	And Saul said unto Samuel, I have sinned: for I have transgressed the commandment of the LORD, and thy words: because I feared the people, and obeyed their voice.	
1 Samuel 15:30	Then he said, I have sinned: yet honor me now, I pray thee, before the elders of my people, and before Israel, and turn again with me, that I may worship the LORD thy God.	
1 Samuel 15:31	So Samuel turned again after Saul; and Saul worshipped the LORD.	
1 Samuel 15:35	And Samuel came no more to see Saul until the day of his death: nevertheless Samuel mourned for Saul: and the LORD repented that he had made Saul king over Israel.	
1 Samuel 16:1	And the LORD said unto Samuel, How long wilt thou mourn for Saul, seeing I have rejected him from reigning over Israel? fill thine horn with oil, and go, I will send thee to Jesse the Bethlehemite: for I have provided me a king among his sons.	
1 Samuel 16:16	Let our lord now command thy servants, which are before thee, to seek out a man, who is a cunning player on an harp: and it shall come to pass, when the evil spirit from God is upon thee, that he shall play with his hand, and thou shalt be well.	
1 Samuel 16:18	Then answered one of the servants, and said, Behold, I have seen a son of Jesse the Bethlehemite, that is cunning in playing, and a mighty valiant man, and a man of war, and prudent in matters, and a comely person, and the LORD is with him.	
1 Samuel 16:20	And Jesse took an ass laden with bread, and a bottle of wine, and a kid, and sent them by David his son unto Saul.	
1 Samuel 17:12	Now David was the son of that Ephrathite of Bethlehemjudah, whose name was Jesse; and he had eight sons: and the man went among men for an old man in the days of Saul.	
1 Samuel 17:13	And the three eldest sons of Jesse went and followed Saul to the battle: and the names of his three sons that went to the battle were Eliab the firstborn, and next unto him Abinadab, and the third Shammah.	
1 Samuel 17:14	And David was the youngest: and the three eldest followed Saul.	
1 Samuel 17:2	And Saul and the men of Israel were gathered together, and pitched by the valley of Elah, and set the battle in array against the Philistines.	
1 Samuel 17:21	For Israel and the Philistines had put the battle in array, army against army.	
1 Samuel 17:23	And as he talked with them, behold, there came up the champion, the Philistine of Gath, Goliath by name, out of the armies of the Philistines, and spake according to the same words: and David heard them.	
1 Samuel 17:26	And David spake to the men that stood by him, saying, What shall be done to the man that killeth this Philistine, and taketh away the reproach from Israel? for who is this uncircumcised Philistine, that he should defy the armies of the living God?	
1 Samuel 17:3	And the Philistines stood on a mountain on the one side, and Israel stood on a mountain on the other side: and there was a valley between them.	
1 Samuel 17:38	And Saul armed David with his armor, and he put an helmet of brass upon his head; also he armed him with a coat of mail.	
1 Samuel 17:39	And David girded his sword upon his armor, and he assayed to go; for he had not proved it. And David said unto Saul, I cannot go with these; for I have not proved them. And David put them off him.	
1 Samuel 17:45	Then said David to the Philistine, Thou comest to me with a sword, and with a spear, and with a shield: but I come to thee in the name of the LORD of hosts, the God of the armies of Israel, whom thou hast defied.	
1 Samuel 17:50	So David prevailed over the Philistine with a sling and with a stone, and smote the Philistine, and slew him; but there was no sword in the hand of David.	
1 Samuel 17:51	Therefore David ran, and stood upon the Philistine, and took his sword, and drew it out of the sheath thereof, and slew him, and cut off his head therewith. And when the Philistines saw their champion was dead, they fled.	
1 Samuel 17:52	And the men of Israel and of Judah arose, and shouted, and pursued the Philistines, until thou come to the valley, and to the gates of Ekron. And the wounded of the Philistines fell down by the way to Shaaraim, even unto Gath, and unto Ekron.	
1 Samuel 18:14	And David behaved himself wisely in all his ways; and the LORD was with him.	
1 Samuel 18:19	But it came to pass at the time when Merab Saul's daughter should have been given to David, that she was given unto Adriel the Meholathite to wife.	
1 Samuel 18:2	And Saul took him that day, and would let him go no more home to his father's house.	
1 Samuel 18:22	And Saul commanded his servants, saying, Commune with David secretly, and say, Behold, the king hath delight in thee, and all his servants love thee: now therefore be the king's son in law.	
1 Samuel 18:25	And Saul said, Thus shall ye say to David, The king desireth not any dowry, but an hundred foreskins of the Philistines, to be avenged of the king's enemies. But Saul thought to make David fall by the hand of the Philistines.	
1 Samuel 18:27	Wherefore David arose and went, he and his men, and slew of the Philistines two hundred men; and David brought their foreskins, and they gave them in full tale to the king, that he might be the king's son in law. And Saul gave him Michal his daughter to wife.	
1 Samuel 18:6	And it came to pass as they came, when David was returned from the slaughter of the Philistine, that the women came out of all cities of Israel, singing and dancing, to meet king Saul, with tabrets, with joy, and with instruments of music.	
1 Samuel 18:7	And the women answered one another as they played, and said, Saul hath slain his thousands, and David his ten thousands.	
1 Samuel 19:10	And Saul sought to smite David even to the wall with the javelin: but he slipped away out of Saul's presence, and he smote the javelin into the wall: and David fled, and escaped that night.	
1 Samuel 19:19	And it was told Saul, saying, Behold, David is at Naioth in Ramah.	
1 Samuel 19:21	And when it was told Saul, he sent other messengers, and they prophesied likewise. And Saul sent messengers again the third time, and they prophesied also.	
1 Samuel 19:22	Then went he also to Ramah, and came to a great well that is in Sechu: and he asked and said, Where are Samuel and David? And one said, Behold, they be at Naioth in Ramah.	
1 Samuel 1:16	Count not thine handmaid for a daughter of Belial: for out of the abundance of my complaint and grief have I spoken hitherto.	
1 Samuel 1:17	Then Eli answered and said, Go in peace: and the God of Israel grant thee thy petition that thou hast asked of him.	
1 Samuel 1:19	And they rose up in the morning early, and worshipped before the LORD, and returned, and came to their house to Ramah: and Elkanah knew Hannah his wife; and the LORD remembered her.	
1 Samuel 1:23	And Elkanah her husband said unto her, Do what seemeth thee good; tarry until thou have weaned him; only the LORD establish his word. So the woman abode, and gave her son suck until she weaned him.	
1 Samuel 1:27	For this child I prayed; and the LORD hath given me my petition which I asked of him:	
1 Samuel 1:5	But unto Hannah he gave a worthy portion; for he loved Hannah: but the LORD had shut up her womb.	
1 Samuel 20:1	And David fled from Naioth in Ramah, and came and said before Jonathan, What have I done? what is mine iniquity? and what is my sin before thy father, that he seeketh my life?	
1 Samuel 20:15	But also thou shalt not cut off thy kindness from my house for ever: no, not when the LORD hath cut off the enemies of David every one from the face of the earth.	
1 Samuel 20:20	And I will shoot three arrows on the side thereof, as though I shot at a mark.	
1 Samuel 20:22	But if I say thus unto the young man, Behold, the arrows are beyond thee; go thy way: for the LORD hath sent thee away.	
1 Samuel 20:25	And the king sat upon his seat, as at other times, even upon a seat by the wall: and Jonathan arose, and Abner sat by Saul's side, and David's place was empty.	
1 Samuel 20:37	And when the lad was come to the place of the arrow which Jonathan had shot, Jonathan cried after the lad, and said, Is not the arrow beyond thee?	
1 Samuel 20:40	And Jonathan gave his artillery unto his lad, and said unto him, Go, carry them to the city.	
1 Samuel 20:41	And as soon as the lad was gone, David arose out of a place toward the south, and fell on his face to the ground, and bowed himself three times: and they kissed one another, and wept one with another, until David exceeded.	
1 Samuel 20:5	And David said unto Jonathan, Behold, to morrow is the new moon, and I should not fail to sit with the king at meat: but let me go, that I may hide myself in the field unto the third day at even.	
1 Samuel 20:7	If he say thus, It is well; thy servant shall have peace: but if he be very wroth, then be sure that evil is determined by him.	
1 Samuel 20:8	Therefore thou shalt deal kindly with thy servant; for thou hast brought thy servant into a covenant of the LORD with thee: notwithstanding, if there be in me iniquity, slay me thyself; for why shouldest thou bring me to thy father?	
1 Samuel 20:9	And Jonathan said, Far be it from thee: for if I knew certainly that evil were determined by my father to come upon thee, then would not I tell it thee?	
1 Samuel 21:10	And David arose and fled that day for fear of Saul, and went to Achish the king of Gath.	
1 Samuel 21:14	Then said Achish unto his servants, Lo, ye see the man is mad: wherefore then have ye brought him to me?	
1 Samuel 21:2	And David said unto Ahimelech the priest, The king hath commanded me a business, and hath said unto me, Let no man know any thing of the business whereabout I send thee, and what I have commanded thee: and I have appointed my servants to such and such a place.	
1 Samuel 21:5	And David answered the priest, and said unto him, Of a truth women have been kept from us about these three days, since I came out, and the vessels of the young men are holy, and the bread is in a manner common, yea, though it were sanctified this day in the vessel.	
1 Samuel 22:10	And he inquired of the LORD for him, and gave him victuals, and gave him the sword of Goliath the Philistine.	
1 Samuel 22:2	And every one that was in distress, and every one that was in debt, and every one that was discontented, gathered themselves unto him; and he became a captain over them: and there were with him about four hundred men.	
1 Samuel 22:20	And one of the sons of Ahimelech the son of Ahitub, named Abiathar, escaped, and fled after David.	
1 Samuel 22:21	And Abiathar showed David that Saul had slain the LORD's priests.	
1 Samuel 22:22	And David said unto Abiathar, I knew it that day, when Doeg the Edomite was there, that he would surely tell Saul: I have occasioned the death of all the persons of thy father's house.	
1 Samuel 22:7	Then Saul said unto his servants that stood about him, Hear now, ye Benjamites; will the son of Jesse give every one of you fields and vineyards, and make you all captains of thousands, and captains of hundreds;	
1 Samuel 22:9	Then answered Doeg the Edomite, which was set over the servants of Saul, and said, I saw the son of Jesse coming to Nob, to Ahimelech the son of Ahitub.	
1 Samuel 23:13	Then David and his men, which were about six hundred, arose and departed out of Keilah, and went whithersoever they could go. And it was told Saul that David was escaped from Keilah; and he forbare to go forth.	
1 Samuel 23:19	Then came up the Ziphites to Saul to Gibeah, saying, Doth not David hide himself with us in strong holds in the wood, in the hill of Hachilah, which is on the south of Jeshimon?	
1 Samuel 23:21	And Saul said, Blessed be ye of the LORD; for ye have compassion on me.	
1 Samuel 23:23	See therefore, and take knowledge of all the lurking places where he hideth himself, and come ye again to me with the certainty, and I will go with you: and it shall come to pass, if he be in the land, that I will search him out throughout all the thousands of Judah.	
1 Samuel 23:26	And Saul went on this side of the mountain, and David and his men on that side of the mountain: and David made haste to get away for fear of Saul; for Saul and his men compassed David and his men round about to take them.	
1 Samuel 23:3	And David's men said unto him, Behold, we be afraid here in Judah: how much more then if we come to Keilah against the armies of the Philistines?	
1 Samuel 23:5	So David and his men went to Keilah, and fought with the Philistines, and brought away their cattle, and smote them with a great slaughter. So David saved the inhabitants of Keilah.	
1 Samuel 23:8	And Saul called all the people together to war, to go down to Keilah, to besiege David and his men.	
1 Samuel 24:10	Behold, this day thine eyes have seen how that the LORD had delivered thee to day into mine hand in the cave: and some bade me kill thee: but mine eye spared thee; and I said, I will not put forth mine hand against my lord; for he is the LORD's anointed.	
1 Samuel 24:11	Moreover, my father, see, yea, see the skirt of thy robe in my hand: for in that I cut off the skirt of thy robe, and killed thee not, know thou and see that there is neither evil nor transgression in mine hand, and I have not sinned against thee; yet thou huntest my soul to take it.	
1 Samuel 24:12	The LORD judge between me and thee, and the LORD avenge me of thee: but mine hand shall not be upon thee.	
1 Samuel 24:14	After whom is the king of Israel come out? after whom dost thou pursue? after a dead dog, after a flea.	
1 Samuel 24:17	And he said to David, Thou art more righteous than I: for thou hast rewarded me good, whereas I have rewarded thee evil.	
1 Samuel 24:18	And thou hast showed this day how that thou hast dealt well with me: forasmuch as when the LORD had delivered me into thine hand, thou killedst me not.	
1 Samuel 24:20	And now, behold, I know well that thou shalt surely be king, and that the kingdom of Israel shall be established in thine hand.	
1 Samuel 24:9	And David said to Saul, Wherefore hearest thou men's words, saying, Behold, David seeketh thy hurt?	
1 Samuel 25:20	And it was so, as she rode on the ass, that she came down by the covert on the hill, and, behold, David and his men came down against her; and she met them.	
1 Samuel 25:22	So and more also do God unto the enemies of David, if I leave of all that pertain to him by the morning light any that pisseth against the wall.	
1 Samuel 25:34	For in very deed, as the LORD God of Israel liveth, which hath kept me back from hurting thee, except thou hadst hasted and come to meet me, surely there had not been left unto Nabal by the morning light any that pisseth against the wall.	
1 Samuel 25:36	And Abigail came to Nabal; and, behold, he held a feast in his house, like the feast of a king; and Nabal's heart was merry within him, for he was very drunken: wherefore she told him nothing, less or more, until the morning light.	
1 Samuel 25:41	And she arose, and bowed herself on her face to the earth, and said, Behold, let thine handmaid be a servant to wash the feet of the servants of my lord.	
1 Samuel 25:8	Ask thy young men, and they will show thee. Wherefore let the young men find favor in thine eyes: for we come in a good day: give, I pray thee, whatsoever cometh to thine hand unto thy servants, and to thy son David.	
1 Samuel 25:9	And when David's young men came, they spake to Nabal according to all those words in the name of David, and ceased.	
1 Samuel 26:1	And the Ziphites came unto Saul to Gibeah, saying, Doth not David hide himself in the hill of Hachilah, which is before Jeshimon?	
1 Samuel 26:12	So David took the spear and the cruse of water from Saul's bolster; and they gat them away, and no man saw it, nor knew it, neither awaked: for they were all asleep; because a deep sleep from the LORD was fallen upon them.	
1 Samuel 26:16	This thing is not good that thou hast done. As the LORD liveth, ye are worthy to die, because ye have not kept your master, the LORD's anointed. And now see where the king's spear is, and the cruse of water that was at his bolster.	
1 Samuel 26:25	Then Saul said to David, Blessed be thou, my son David: thou shalt both do great things, and also shalt still prevail. So David went on his way, and Saul returned to his place.	
1 Samuel 26:6	Then answered David and said to Ahimelech the Hittite, and to Abishai the son of Zeruiah, brother to Joab, saying, Who will go down with me to Saul to the camp? And Abishai said, I will go down with thee.	
1 Samuel 26:9	And David said to Abishai, Destroy him not: for who can stretch forth his hand against the LORD's anointed, and be guiltless?	
1 Samuel 27:1	And David said in his heart, I shall now perish one day by the hand of Saul: there is nothing better for me than that I should speedily escape into the land of the Philistines; and Saul shall despair of me, to seek me any more in any coast of Israel: so shall I escape out of his hand.	
1 Samuel 27:8	And David and his men went up, and invaded the Geshurites, and the Gezrites, and the Amalekites: for those nations were of old the inhabitants of the land, as thou goest to Shur, even unto the land of Egypt.	
1 Samuel 28:1	And it came to pass in those days, that the Philistines gathered their armies together for warfare, to fight with Israel. And Achish said unto David, Know thou assuredly, that thou shalt go out with me to battle, thou and thy men.	
1 Samuel 28:11	Then said the woman, Whom shall I bring up unto thee? And he said, Bring me up Samuel.	
1 Samuel 28:13	And the king said unto her, Be not afraid: for what sawest thou? And the woman said unto Saul, I saw gods ascending out of the earth.	
1 Samuel 28:25	And she brought it before Saul, and before his servants; and they did eat. Then they rose up, and went away that night.	
1 Samuel 29:2	And the lords of the Philistines passed on by hundreds, and by thousands: but David and his men passed on in the rearward with Achish.	
1 Samuel 29:3	Then said the princes of the Philistines, What do these Hebrews here? And Achish said unto the princes of the Philistines, Is not this David, the servant of Saul the king of Israel, which hath been with me these days, or these years, and I have found no fault in him since he fell unto me unto this day?	
1 Samuel 2:10	The adversaries of the LORD shall be broken to pieces; out of heaven shall he thunder upon them: the LORD shall judge the ends of the earth; and he shall give strength unto his king, and exalt the horn of his anointed.	
1 Samuel 2:14	And he struck it into the pan, or kettle, or caldron, or pot; all that the fleshhook brought up the priest took for himself. So they did in Shiloh unto all the Israelites that came thither.	
1 Samuel 2:2	There is none holy as the LORD: for there is none beside thee: neither is there any rock like our God.	
1 Samuel 2:24	Nay, my sons; for it is no good report that I hear: ye make the LORD's people to transgress.	
1 Samuel 2:27	And there came a man of God unto Eli, and said unto him, Thus saith the LORD, Did I plainly appear unto the house of thy father, when they were in Egypt in Pharaoh's house?	
1 Samuel 2:29	Wherefore kick ye at my sacrifice and at mine offering, which I have commanded in my habitation; and honorest thy sons above me, to make yourselves fat with the chiefest of all the offerings of Israel my people?	
1 Samuel 2:34	And this shall be a sign unto thee, that shall come upon thy two sons, on Hophni and Phinehas; in one day they shall die both of them.	
1 Samuel 2:35	And I will raise me up a faithful priest, that shall do according to that which is in mine heart and in my mind: and I will build him a sure house; and he shall walk before mine anointed for ever.	
1 Samuel 2:36	And it shall come to pass, that every one that is left in thine house shall come and crouch to him for a piece of silver and a morsel of bread, and shall say, Put me, I pray thee, into one of the priests' offices, that I may eat a piece of bread.	
1 Samuel 2:8	He raiseth up the poor out of the dust, and lifteth up the beggar from the dunghill, to set them among princes, and to make them inherit the throne of glory: for the pillars of the earth are the LORD's, and he hath set the world upon them.	
1 Samuel 2:9	He will keep the feet of his saints, and the wicked shall be silent in darkness; for by strength shall no man prevail.	
1 Samuel 30:15	And David said to him, Canst thou bring me down to this company? And he said, Swear unto me by God, that thou wilt neither kill me, nor deliver me into the hands of my master, and I will bring thee down to this company.	
1 Samuel 30:20	And David took all the flocks and the herds, which they drave before those other cattle, and said, This is David's spoil.	
1 Samuel 30:22	Then answered all the wicked men and men of Belial, of those that went with David, and said, Because they went not with us, we will not give them ought of the spoil that we have recovered, save to every man his wife and his children, that they may lead them away, and depart.	
1 Samuel 30:25	And it was so from that day forward, that he made it a statute and an ordinance for Israel unto this day.	
1 Samuel 30:26	And when David came to Ziklag, he sent of the spoil unto the elders of Judah, even to his friends, saying, Behold a present for you of the spoil of the enemies of the LORD;	
1 Samuel 30:3	So David and his men came to the city, and, behold, it was burned with fire; and their wives, and their sons, and their daughters, were taken captives.	
1 Samuel 30:30	And to them which were in Hormah, and to them which were in Chorashan, and to them which were in Athach,	
1 Samuel 30:31	And to them which were in Hebron, and to all the places where David himself and his men were wont to haunt.	
1 Samuel 31:2	And the Philistines followed hard upon Saul and upon his sons; and the Philistines slew Jonathan, and Abinadab, and Melchishua, Saul's sons.	
1 Samuel 31:3	And the battle went sore against Saul, and the archers hit him; and he was sore wounded of the archers.	
1 Samuel 31:8	And it came to pass on the morrow, when the Philistines came to strip the slain, that they found Saul and his three sons fallen in mount Gilboa.	
1 Samuel 3:11	And the LORD said to Samuel, Behold, I will do a thing in Israel, at which both the ears of every one that heareth it shall tingle.	
1 Samuel 3:14	And therefore I have sworn unto the house of Eli, that the iniquity of Eli's house shall not be purged with sacrifice nor offering for ever.	
1 Samuel 3:20	And all Israel from Dan even to Beersheba knew that Samuel was established to be a prophet of the LORD.	
1 Samuel 3:7	Now Samuel did not yet know the LORD, neither was the word of the LORD yet revealed unto him.	
1 Samuel 4:12	And there ran a man of Benjamin out of the army, and came to Shiloh the same day with his clothes rent, and with earth upon his head.	
1 Samuel 4:13	And when he came, lo, Eli sat upon a seat by the wayside watching: for his heart trembled for the ark of God. And when the man came into the city, and told it, all the city cried out.	
1 Samuel 4:14	And when Eli heard the noise of the crying, he said, What meaneth the noise of this tumult? And the man came in hastily, and told Eli.	
1 Samuel 5:3	And when they of Ashdod arose early on the morrow, behold, Dagon was fallen upon his face to the earth before the ark of the LORD. And they took Dagon, and set him in his place again.	
1 Samuel 5:5	Therefore neither the priests of Dagon, nor any that come into Dagon's house, tread on the threshold of Dagon in Ashdod unto this day.	
1 Samuel 5:7	And when the men of Ashdod saw that it was so, they said, The ark of the God of Israel shall not abide with us: for his hand is sore upon us, and upon Dagon our god.	
1 Samuel 5:9	And it was so, that, after they had carried it about, the hand of the LORD was against the city with a very great destruction: and he smote the men of the city, both small and great, and they had emerods in their secret parts.	
1 Samuel 6:10	And the men did so; and took two milch kine, and tied them to the cart, and shut up their calves at home:	
1 Samuel 6:16	And when the five lords of the Philistines had seen it, they returned to Ekron the same day.	
1 Samuel 6:21	And they sent messengers to the inhabitants of Kirjathjearim, saying, The Philistines have brought again the ark of the LORD; come ye down, and fetch it up to you.	
1 Samuel 6:4	Then said they, What shall be the trespass offering which we shall return to him? They answered, Five golden emerods, and five golden mice, according to the number of the lords of the Philistines: for one plague was on you all, and on your lords.	
1 Samuel 6:9	And see, if it goeth up by the way of his own coast to Bethshemesh, then he hath done us this great evil: but if not, then we shall know that it is not his hand that smote us: it was a chance that happened to us.	
1 Samuel 7:10	And as Samuel was offering up the burnt offering, the Philistines drew near to battle against Israel: but the LORD thundered with a great thunder on that day upon the Philistines, and discomfited them; and they were smitten before Israel.	
1 Samuel 7:12	Then Samuel took a stone, and set it between Mizpeh and Shen, and called the name of it Ebenezer, saying, Hitherto hath the LORD helped us.	
1 Samuel 7:13	So the Philistines were subdued, and they came no more into the coast of Israel: and the hand of the LORD was against the Philistines all the days of Samuel.	
1 Samuel 7:15	And Samuel judged Israel all the days of his life.	
1 Samuel 7:16	And he went from year to year in circuit to Bethel, and Gilgal, and Mizpeh, and judged Israel in all those places.	
1 Samuel 7:17	And his return was to Ramah; for there was his house; and there he judged Israel; and there he built an altar unto the LORD.	
1 Samuel 7:8	And the children of Israel said to Samuel, Cease not to cry unto the LORD our God for us, that he will save us out of the hand of the Philistines.	
1 Samuel 8:1	And it came to pass, when Samuel was old, that he made his sons judges over Israel.	
1 Samuel 8:10	And Samuel told all the words of the LORD unto the people that asked of him a king.	
1 Samuel 8:13	And he will take your daughters to be confectionaries, and to be cooks, and to be bakers.	
1 Samuel 8:15	And he will take the tenth of your seed, and of your vineyards, and give to his officers, and to his servants.	
1 Samuel 8:2	Now the name of his firstborn was Joel; and the name of his second, Abiah: they were judges in Beersheba.	
1 Samuel 8:6	But the thing displeased Samuel, when they said, Give us a king to judge us. And Samuel prayed unto the LORD.	
1 Samuel 8:7	And the LORD said unto Samuel, Hearken unto the voice of the people in all that they say unto thee: for they have not rejected thee, but they have rejected me, that I should not reign over them.	
1 Samuel 9:14	And they went up into the city: and when they were come into the city, behold, Samuel came out against them, for to go up to the high place.	
1 Samuel 9:18	Then Saul drew near to Samuel in the gate, and said, Tell me, I pray thee, where the seer's house is.	
1 Samuel 9:20	And as for thine asses that were lost three days ago, set not thy mind on them; for they are found. And on whom is all the desire of Israel? Is it not on thee, and on all thy father's house?	
1 Samuel 9:3	And the asses of Kish Saul's father were lost. And Kish said to Saul his son, Take now one of the servants with thee, and arise, go seek the asses.	
1 Samuel 9:4	And he passed through mount Ephraim, and passed through the land of Shalisha, but they found them not: then they passed through the land of Shalim, and there they were not: and he passed through the land of the Benjamites, but they found them not.	
1 Samuel 9:5	And when they were come to the land of Zuph, Saul said to his servant that was with him, Come, and let us return; lest my father leave caring for the asses, and take thought for us.	
1 Samuel 9:6	And he said unto him, Behold now, there is in this city a man of God, and he is an honorable man; all that he saith cometh surely to pass: now let us go thither; peradventure he can show us our way that we should go.	
1 Samuel 9:7	Then said Saul to his servant, But, behold, if we go, what shall we bring the man? for the bread is spent in our vessels, and there is not a present to bring to the man of God: what have we?	
1 Thessalonians 1:10	And to wait for his Son from heaven, whom he raised from the dead, even Jesus, which delivered us from the wrath to come.	
1 Thessalonians 2:1	For yourselves, brethren, know our entrance in unto you, that it was not in vain:	
1 Thessalonians 2:11	As ye know how we exhorted and comforted and charged every one of you, as a father doth his children,	
1 Thessalonians 2:14	For ye, brethren, became followers of the churches of God which in Judaea are in Christ Jesus: for ye also have suffered like things of your own countrymen, even as they have of the Jews:	
1 Thessalonians 2:15	Who both killed the Lord Jesus, and their own prophets, and have persecuted us; and they please not God, and are contrary to all men:	
1 Thessalonians 2:3	For our exhortation was not of deceit, nor of uncleanness, nor in guile:	
1 Thessalonians 3:1	Wherefore when we could no longer forbear, we thought it good to be left at Athens alone;	
1 Thessalonians 4:1	Furthermore then we beseech you, brethren, and exhort you by the Lord Jesus, that as ye have received of us how ye ought to walk and to please God, so ye would abound more and more.	
1 Thessalonians 4:11	And that ye study to be quiet, and to do your own business, and to work with your own hands, as we commanded you;	
1 Thessalonians 4:16	For the Lord himself shall descend from heaven with a shout, with the voice of the archangel, and with the trump of God: and the dead in Christ shall rise first:	
1 Thessalonians 4:6	That no man go beyond and defraud his brother in any matter: because that the Lord is the avenger of all such, as we also have forewarned you and testified.	
1 Thessalonians 5:12	And we beseech you, brethren, to know them which labour among you, and are over you in the Lord, and admonish you;	
1 Thessalonians 5:21	Prove all things; hold fast that which is good.	
1 Thessalonians 5:23	And the very God of peace sanctify you wholly; and I pray God your whole spirit and soul and body be preserved blameless unto the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ.	
1 Thessalonians 5:24	Faithful is he that calleth you, who also will do it.	
1 Thessalonians 5:25	Brethren, pray for us.	
1 Thessalonians 5:26	Greet all the brethren with an holy kiss.	
1 Thessalonians 5:27	I charge you by the Lord that this epistle be read unto all the holy brethren.	
1 Thessalonians 5:8	But let us, who are of the day, be sober, putting on the breastplate of faith and love; and for an helmet, the hope of salvation.	
1 Timothy 1:1	Paul, an apostle of Jesus Christ by the commandment of God our Saviour, and Lord Jesus Christ, which is our hope;	
1 Timothy 1:18	This charge I commit unto thee, son Timothy, according to the prophecies which went before on thee, that thou by them mightest war a good warfare;	
1 Timothy 1:2	Unto Timothy, my own son in the faith: Grace, mercy, and peace, from God our Father and Jesus Christ our Lord.	
1 Timothy 1:3	As I besought thee to abide still at Ephesus, when I went into Macedonia, that thou mightest charge some that they teach no other doctrine,	
1 Timothy 2:11	Let the woman learn in silence with all subjection.	
1 Timothy 2:13	For Adam was first formed, then Eve.	
1 Timothy 2:14	And Adam was not deceived, but the woman being deceived was in the transgression.	
1 Timothy 3:11	Even so must their wives be grave, not slanderers, sober, faithful in all things.	
1 Timothy 3:12	Let the deacons be the husbands of one wife, ruling their children and their own houses well.	
1 Timothy 3:16	And without controversy great is the mystery of godliness: God was manifest in the flesh, justified in the Spirit, seen of angels, preached unto the Gentiles, believed on in the world, received up into glory.	
1 Timothy 3:5	(For if a man know not how to rule his own house, how shall he take care of the church of God?)	
1 Timothy 3:6	Not a novice, lest being lifted up with pride he fall into the condemnation of the devil.	
1 Timothy 3:7	Moreover he must have a good report of them which are without; lest he fall into reproach and the snare of the devil.	
1 Timothy 3:9	Holding the mystery of the faith in a pure conscience.	
1 Timothy 4:15	Meditate upon these things; give thyself wholly to them; that thy profiting may appear to all.	
1 Timothy 4:2	Speaking lies in hypocrisy; having their conscience seared with a hot iron;	
1 Timothy 5:11	But the younger widows refuse: for when they have begun to wax wanton against Christ, they will marry;	
1 Timothy 5:14	I will therefore that the younger women marry, bear children, guide the house, give none occasion to the adversary to speak reproachfully.	
1 Timothy 5:17	Let the elders that rule well be counted worthy of double honour, especially they who labour in the word and doctrine.	
1 Timothy 5:24	Some men's sins are open beforehand, going before to judgment; and some men they follow after.	
1 Timothy 5:3	Honour widows that are widows indeed.	
1 Timothy 6:16	Who only hath immortality, dwelling in the light which no man can approach unto; whom no man hath seen, nor can see: to whom be honour and power everlasting. Amen.	
2 Chronicles 10:14	And answered them after the advice of the young men, saying, My father made your yoke heavy, but I will add thereto: my father chastised you with whips, but I will chastise you with scorpions.	
2 Chronicles 10:16	And when all Israel saw that the king would not hearken unto them, the people answered the king, saying, What portion have we in David? and we have none inheritance in the son of Jesse: every man to your tents, O Israel: and now, David, see to thine own house. So all Israel went to their tents.	
2 Chronicles 10:3	And they sent and called him. So Jeroboam and all Israel came and spake to Rehoboam, saying,	
2 Chronicles 10:4	Thy father made our yoke grievous: now therefore ease thou somewhat the grievous servitude of thy father, and his heavy yoke that he put upon us, and we will serve thee.	
2 Chronicles 10:6	And king Rehoboam took counsel with the old men that had stood before Solomon his father while he yet lived, saying, What counsel give ye me to return answer to this people?	
2 Chronicles 11:1	And when Rehoboam was come to Jerusalem, he gathered of the house of Judah and Benjamin an hundred and fourscore thousand chosen men, which were warriors, to fight against Israel, that he might bring the kingdom again to Rehoboam.	
2 Chronicles 11:13	And the priests and the Levites that were in all Israel resorted to him out of all their coasts.	
2 Chronicles 11:17	So they strengthened the kingdom of Judah, and made Rehoboam the son of Solomon strong, three years: for three years they walked in the way of David and Solomon.	
2 Chronicles 11:22	And Rehoboam made Abijah the son of Maachah the chief, to be ruler among his brethren: for he thought to make him king.	
2 Chronicles 11:4	Thus saith the LORD, Ye shall not go up, nor fight against your brethren: return every man to his house: for this thing is done of me. And they obeyed the words of the LORD, and returned from going against Jeroboam.	
2 Chronicles 12:12	And when he humbled himself, the wrath of the LORD turned from him, that he would not destroy him altogether: and also in Judah things went well.	
2 Chronicles 12:16	And Rehoboam slept with his fathers, and was buried in the city of David: and Abijah his son reigned in his stead.	
2 Chronicles 12:2	And it came to pass, that in the fifth year of king Rehoboam Shishak king of Egypt came up against Jerusalem, because they had transgressed against the LORD,	
2 Chronicles 12:8	Nevertheless they shall be his servants; that they may know my service, and the service of the kingdoms of the countries.	
2 Chronicles 13:1	Now in the eighteenth year of king Jeroboam began Abijah to reign over Judah.	
2 Chronicles 13:14	And when Judah looked back, behold, the battle was before and behind: and they cried unto the LORD, and the priests sounded with the trumpets.	
2 Chronicles 13:18	Thus the children of Israel were brought under at that time, and the children of Judah prevailed, because they relied upon the LORD God of their fathers.	
2 Chronicles 13:21	But Abijah waxed mighty, and married fourteen wives, and begat twenty and two sons, and sixteen daughters.	
2 Chronicles 13:3	And Abijah set the battle in array with an army of valiant men of war, even four hundred thousand chosen men: Jeroboam also set the battle in array against him with eight hundred thousand chosen men, being mighty men of valor.	
2 Chronicles 13:6	Yet Jeroboam the son of Nebat, the servant of Solomon the son of David, is risen up, and hath rebelled against his lord.	
2 Chronicles 14:1	So Abijah slept with his fathers, and they buried him in the city of David: and Asa his son reigned in his stead. In his days the land was quiet ten years.	
2 Chronicles 14:15	They smote also the tents of cattle, and carried away sheep and camels in abundance, and returned to Jerusalem.	
2 Chronicles 14:4	And commanded Judah to seek the LORD God of their fathers, and to do the law and the commandment.	
2 Chronicles 14:5	Also he took away out of all the cities of Judah the high places and the images: and the kingdom was quiet before him.	
2 Chronicles 15:11	And they offered unto the LORD the same time, of the spoil which they had brought, seven hundred oxen and seven thousand sheep.	
2 Chronicles 15:12	And they entered into a covenant to seek the LORD God of their fathers with all their heart and with all their soul;	
2 Chronicles 15:13	That whosoever would not seek the LORD God of Israel should be put to death, whether small or great, whether man or woman.	
2 Chronicles 15:7	Be ye strong therefore, and let not your hands be weak: for your work shall be rewarded.	
2 Chronicles 16:11	And, behold, the acts of Asa, first and last, lo, they are written in the book of the kings of Judah and Israel.	
2 Chronicles 16:6	Then Asa the king took all Judah; and they carried away the stones of Ramah, and the timber thereof, wherewith Baasha was building; and he built therewith Geba and Mizpah.	
2 Chronicles 17:1	And Jehoshaphat his son reigned in his stead, and strengthened himself against Israel.	
2 Chronicles 17:13	And he had much business in the cities of Judah: and the men of war, mighty men of valor, were in Jerusalem.	
2 Chronicles 17:16	And next him was Amasiah the son of Zichri, who willingly offered himself unto the LORD; and with him two hundred thousand mighty men of valor.	
2 Chronicles 17:9	And they taught in Judah, and had the book of the law of the LORD with them, and went about throughout all the cities of Judah, and taught the people.	
2 Chronicles 18:11	And all the prophets prophesied so, saying, Go up to Ramothgilead, and prosper: for the LORD shall deliver it into the hand of the king.	
2 Chronicles 18:19	And the LORD said, Who shall entice Ahab king of Israel, that he may go up and fall at Ramothgilead? And one spake saying after this manner, and another saying after that manner.	
2 Chronicles 18:23	Then Zedekiah the son of Chenaanah came near, and smote Micaiah upon the cheek, and said, Which way went the Spirit of the LORD from me to speak unto thee?	
2 Chronicles 18:26	And say, Thus saith the king, Put this fellow in the prison, and feed him with bread of affliction and with water of affliction, until I return in peace.	
2 Chronicles 18:29	And the king of Israel said unto Jehoshaphat, I will disguise myself, and I will go to the battle; but put thou on thy robes. So the king of Israel disguised himself; and they went to the battle.	
2 Chronicles 18:3	And Ahab king of Israel said unto Jehoshaphat king of Judah, Wilt thou go with me to Ramothgilead? And he answered him, I am as thou art, and my people as thy people; and we will be with thee in the war.	
2 Chronicles 18:33	And a certain man drew a bow at a venture, and smote the king of Israel between the joints of the harness: therefore he said to his chariot man, Turn thine hand, that thou mayest carry me out of the host; for I am wounded.	
2 Chronicles 18:8	And the king of Israel called for one of his officers, and said, Fetch quickly Micaiah the son of Imla.	
2 Chronicles 18:9	And the king of Israel and Jehoshaphat king of Judah sat either of them on his throne, clothed in their robes, and they sat in a void place at the entering in of the gate of Samaria; and all the prophets prophesied before them.	
2 Chronicles 19:2	And Jehu the son of Hanani the seer went out to meet him, and said to king Jehoshaphat, Shouldest thou help the ungodly, and love them that hate the LORD? therefore is wrath upon thee from before the LORD.	
2 Chronicles 19:3	Nevertheless there are good things found in thee, in that thou hast taken away the groves out of the land, and hast prepared thine heart to seek God.	
2 Chronicles 19:8	Moreover in Jerusalem did Jehoshaphat set of the Levites, and of the priests, and of the chief of the fathers of Israel, for the judgment of the LORD, and for controversies, when they returned to Jerusalem.	
2 Chronicles 1:1	And Solomon the son of David was strengthened in his kingdom, and the LORD his God was with him, and magnified him exceedingly.	
2 Chronicles 1:13	Then Solomon came from his journey to the high place that was at Gibeon to Jerusalem, from before the tabernacle of the congregation, and reigned over Israel.	
2 Chronicles 1:14	And Solomon gathered chariots and horsemen: and he had a thousand and four hundred chariots, and twelve thousand horsemen, which he placed in the chariot cities, and with the king at Jerusalem.	
2 Chronicles 1:17	And they fetched up, and brought forth out of Egypt a chariot for six hundred shekels of silver, and an horse for an hundred and fifty: and so brought they out horses for all the kings of the Hittites, and for the kings of Syria, by their means.	
2 Chronicles 1:6	And Solomon went up thither to the brazen altar before the LORD, which was at the tabernacle of the congregation, and offered a thousand burnt offerings upon it.	
2 Chronicles 1:7	In that night did God appear unto Solomon, and said unto him, Ask what I shall give thee.	
2 Chronicles 20:1	It came to pass after this also, that the children of Moab, and the children of Ammon, and with them other beside the Ammonites, came against Jehoshaphat to battle.	
2 Chronicles 20:19	And the Levites, of the children of the Kohathites, and of the children of the Korhites, stood up to praise the LORD God of Israel with a loud voice on high.	
2 Chronicles 20:23	For the children of Ammon and Moab stood up against the inhabitants of mount Seir, utterly to slay and destroy them: and when they had made an end of the inhabitants of Seir, every one helped to destroy another.	
2 Chronicles 20:29	And the fear of God was on all the kingdoms of those countries, when they had heard that the LORD fought against the enemies of Israel.	
2 Chronicles 20:3	And Jehoshaphat feared, and set himself to seek the LORD, and proclaimed a fast throughout all Judah.	
2 Chronicles 20:32	And he walked in the way of Asa his father, and departed not from it, doing that which was right in the sight of the LORD.	
2 Chronicles 20:33	Howbeit the high places were not taken away: for as yet the people had not prepared their hearts unto the God of their fathers.	
2 Chronicles 20:35	And after this did Jehoshaphat king of Judah join himself with Ahaziah king of Israel, who did very wickedly:	
2 Chronicles 21:10	So the Edomites revolted from under the hand of Judah unto this day. The same time also did Libnah revolt from under his hand; because he had forsaken the LORD God of his fathers.	
2 Chronicles 21:14	Behold, with a great plague will the LORD smite thy people, and thy children, and thy wives, and all thy goods:	
2 Chronicles 21:6	And he walked in the way of the kings of Israel, like as did the house of Ahab: for he had the daughter of Ahab to wife: and he wrought that which was evil in the eyes of the LORD.	
2 Chronicles 21:8	In his days the Edomites revolted from under the dominion of Judah, and made themselves a king.	
2 Chronicles 22:4	Wherefore he did evil in the sight of the LORD like the house of Ahab: for they were his counselors after the death of his father to his destruction.	
2 Chronicles 22:5	He walked also after their counsel, and went with Jehoram the son of Ahab king of Israel to war against Hazael king of Syria at Ramothgilead: and the Syrians smote Joram.	
2 Chronicles 23:2	And they went about in Judah, and gathered the Levites out of all the cities of Judah, and the chief of the fathers of Israel, and they came to Jerusalem.	
2 Chronicles 23:4	This is the thing that ye shall do; A third part of you entering on the sabbath, of the priests and of the Levites, shall be porters of the doors;	
2 Chronicles 23:7	And the Levites shall compass the king round about, every man with his weapons in his hand; and whosoever else cometh into the house, he shall be put to death: but be ye with the king when he cometh in, and when he goeth out.	
2 Chronicles 23:8	So the Levites and all Judah did according to all things that Jehoiada the priest had commanded, and took every man his men that were to come in on the sabbath, with them that were to go out on the sabbath: for Jehoiada the priest dismissed not the courses.	
2 Chronicles 23:9	Moreover Jehoiada the priest delivered to the captains of hundreds spears, and bucklers, and shields, that had been king David's, which were in the house of God.	
2 Chronicles 24:16	And they buried him in the city of David among the kings, because he had done good in Israel, both toward God, and toward his house.	
2 Chronicles 24:20	And the Spirit of God came upon Zechariah the son of Jehoiada the priest, which stood above the people, and said unto them, Thus saith God, Why transgress ye the commandments of the LORD, that ye cannot prosper? because ye have forsaken the LORD, he hath also forsaken you.	
2 Chronicles 24:21	And they conspired against him, and stoned him with stones at the commandment of the king in the court of the house of the LORD.	
2 Chronicles 24:3	And Jehoiada took for him two wives; and he begat sons and daughters.	
2 Chronicles 25:11	And Amaziah strengthened himself, and led forth his people, and went to the valley of salt, and smote of the children of Seir ten thousand.	
2 Chronicles 25:14	Now it came to pass, after that Amaziah was come from the slaughter of the Edomites, that he brought the gods of the children of Seir, and set them up to be his gods, and bowed down himself before them, and burned incense unto them.	
2 Chronicles 25:17	Then Amaziah king of Judah took advice, and sent to Joash, the son of Jehoahaz, the son of Jehu, king of Israel, saying, Come, let us see one another in the face.	
2 Chronicles 25:20	But Amaziah would not hear; for it came of God, that he might deliver them into the hand of their enemies, because they sought after the gods of Edom.	
2 Chronicles 25:28	And they brought him upon horses, and buried him with his fathers in the city of Judah.	
2 Chronicles 25:7	But there came a man of God to him, saying, O king, let not the army of Israel go with thee; for the LORD is not with Israel, to wit, with all the children of Ephraim.	
2 Chronicles 25:9	And Amaziah said to the man of God, But what shall we do for the hundred talents which I have given to the army of Israel? And the man of God answered, The LORD is able to give thee much more than this.	
2 Chronicles 26:1	Then all the people of Judah took Uzziah, who was sixteen years old, and made him king in the room of his father Amaziah.	
2 Chronicles 26:14	And Uzziah prepared for them throughout all the host shields, and spears, and helmets, and habergeons, and bows, and slings to cast stones.	
2 Chronicles 26:18	And they withstood Uzziah the king, and said unto him, It appertaineth not unto thee, Uzziah, to burn incense unto the LORD, but to the priests the sons of Aaron, that are consecrated to burn incense: go out of the sanctuary; for thou hast trespassed; neither shall it be for thine honor from the LORD God.	
2 Chronicles 26:22	Now the rest of the acts of Uzziah, first and last, did Isaiah the prophet, the son of Amoz, write.	
2 Chronicles 26:6	And he went forth and warred against the Philistines, and brake down the wall of Gath, and the wall of Jabneh, and the wall of Ashdod, and built cities about Ashdod, and among the Philistines.	
2 Chronicles 27:2	And he did that which was right in the sight of the LORD, according to all that his father Uzziah did: howbeit he entered not into the temple of the LORD. And the people did yet corruptly.	
2 Chronicles 27:3	He built the high gate of the house of the LORD, and on the wall of Ophel he built much.	
2 Chronicles 27:8	He was five and twenty years old when he began to reign, and reigned sixteen years in Jerusalem.	
2 Chronicles 27:9	And Jotham slept with his fathers, and they buried him in the city of David: and Ahaz his son reigned in his stead.	
2 Chronicles 28:12	Then certain of the heads of the children of Ephraim, Azariah the son of Johanan, Berechiah the son of Meshillemoth, and Jehizkiah the son of Shallum, and Amasa the son of Hadlai, stood up against them that came from the war,	
2 Chronicles 28:15	And the men which were expressed by name rose up, and took the captives, and with the spoil clothed all that were naked among them, and arrayed them, and shod them, and gave them to eat and to drink, and anointed them, and carried all the feeble of them upon asses, and brought them to Jericho, the city of palm trees, to their brethren: then they returned to Samaria.	
2 Chronicles 28:16	At that time did king Ahaz send unto the kings of Assyria to help him.	
2 Chronicles 28:17	For again the Edomites had come and smitten Judah, and carried away captives.	
2 Chronicles 28:2	For he walked in the ways of the kings of Israel, and made also molten images for Baalim.	
2 Chronicles 28:21	For Ahaz took away a portion out of the house of the LORD, and out of the house of the king, and of the princes, and gave it unto the king of Assyria: but he helped him not.	
2 Chronicles 28:6	For Pekah the son of Remaliah slew in Judah an hundred and twenty thousand in one day, which were all valiant men; because they had forsaken the LORD God of their fathers.	
2 Chronicles 29:12	Then the Levites arose, Mahath the son of Amasai, and Joel the son of Azariah, of the sons of the Kohathites: and of the sons of Merari, Kish the son of Abdi, and Azariah the son of Jehalelel: and of the Gershonites; Joah the son of Zimmah, and Eden the son of Joah:	
2 Chronicles 29:15	And they gathered their brethren, and sanctified themselves, and came, according to the commandment of the king, by the words of the LORD, to cleanse the house of the LORD.	
2 Chronicles 29:16	And the priests went into the inner part of the house of the LORD, to cleanse it, and brought out all the uncleanness that they found in the temple of the LORD into the court of the house of the LORD. And the Levites took it, to carry it out abroad into the brook Kidron.	
2 Chronicles 29:19	Moreover all the vessels, which king Ahaz in his reign did cast away in his transgression, have we prepared and sanctified, and, behold, they are before the altar of the LORD.	
2 Chronicles 29:20	Then Hezekiah the king rose early, and gathered the rulers of the city, and went up to the house of the LORD.	
2 Chronicles 29:23	And they brought forth the he goats for the sin offering before the king and the congregation; and they laid their hands upon them:	
2 Chronicles 29:33	And the consecrated things were six hundred oxen and three thousand sheep.	
2 Chronicles 29:7	Also they have shut up the doors of the porch, and put out the lamps, and have not burned incense nor offered burnt offerings in the holy place unto the God of Israel.	
2 Chronicles 29:8	Wherefore the wrath of the LORD was upon Judah and Jerusalem, and he hath delivered them to trouble, to astonishment, and to hissing, as ye see with your eyes.	
2 Chronicles 2:1	And Solomon determined to build an house for the name of the LORD, and an house for his kingdom.	
2 Chronicles 2:13	And now I have sent a cunning man, endued with understanding, of Huram my father's,	
2 Chronicles 2:2	And Solomon told out threescore and ten thousand men to bear burdens, and fourscore thousand to hew in the mountain, and three thousand and six hundred to oversee them.	
2 Chronicles 2:3	And Solomon sent to Huram the king of Tyre, saying, As thou didst deal with David my father, and didst send him cedars to build him an house to dwell therein, even so deal with me.	
2 Chronicles 2:9	Even to prepare me timber in abundance: for the house which I am about to build shall be wonderful great.	
2 Chronicles 30:1	And Hezekiah sent to all Israel and Judah, and wrote letters also to Ephraim and Manasseh, that they should come to the house of the LORD at Jerusalem, to keep the passover unto the LORD God of Israel.	
2 Chronicles 30:14	And they arose and took away the altars that were in Jerusalem, and all the altars for incense took they away, and cast them into the brook Kidron.	
2 Chronicles 30:17	For there were many in the congregation that were not sanctified: therefore the Levites had the charge of the killing of the passovers for every one that was not clean, to sanctify them unto the LORD.	
2 Chronicles 30:19	That prepareth his heart to seek God, the LORD God of his fathers, though he be not cleansed according to the purification of the sanctuary.	
2 Chronicles 30:2	For the king had taken counsel, and his princes, and all the congregation in Jerusalem, to keep the passover in the second month.	
2 Chronicles 30:21	And the children of Israel that were present at Jerusalem kept the feast of unleavened bread seven days with great gladness: and the Levites and the priests praised the LORD day by day, singing with loud instruments unto the LORD.	
2 Chronicles 30:5	So they established a decree to make proclamation throughout all Israel, from Beersheba even to Dan, that they should come to keep the passover unto the LORD God of Israel at Jerusalem: for they had not done it of a long time in such sort as it was written.	
2 Chronicles 30:8	Now be ye not stiffnecked, as your fathers were, but yield yourselves unto the LORD, and enter into his sanctuary, which he hath sanctified for ever: and serve the LORD your God, that the fierceness of his wrath may turn away from you.	
2 Chronicles 31:10	And Azariah the chief priest of the house of Zadok answered him, and said, Since the people began to bring the offerings into the house of the LORD, we have had enough to eat, and have left plenty: for the LORD hath blessed his people; and that which is left is this great store.	
2 Chronicles 31:15	And next him were Eden, and Miniamin, and Jeshua, and Shemaiah, Amariah, and Shecaniah, in the cities of the priests, in their set office, to give to their brethren by courses, as well to the great as to the small:	
2 Chronicles 31:17	Both to the genealogy of the priests by the house of their fathers, and the Levites from twenty years old and upward, in their charges by their courses;	
2 Chronicles 31:19	Also of the sons of Aaron the priests, which were in the fields of the suburbs of their cities, in every several city, the men that were expressed by name, to give portions to all the males among the priests, and to all that were reckoned by genealogies among the Levites.	
2 Chronicles 32:15	Now therefore let not Hezekiah deceive you, nor persuade you on this manner, neither yet believe him: for no god of any nation or kingdom was able to deliver his people out of mine hand, and out of the hand of my fathers: how much less shall your God deliver you out of mine hand?	
2 Chronicles 32:22	Thus the LORD saved Hezekiah and the inhabitants of Jerusalem from the hand of Sennacherib the king of Assyria, and from the hand of all other, and guided them on every side.	
2 Chronicles 32:26	Notwithstanding Hezekiah humbled himself for the pride of his heart, both he and the inhabitants of Jerusalem, so that the wrath of the LORD came not upon them in the days of Hezekiah.	
2 Chronicles 32:29	Moreover he provided him cities, and possessions of flocks and herds in abundance: for God had given him substance very much.	
2 Chronicles 32:31	Howbeit in the business of the ambassadors of the princes of Babylon, who sent unto him to enquire of the wonder that was done in the land, God left him, to try him, that he might know all that was in his heart.	
2 Chronicles 32:4	So there was gathered much people together, who stopped all the fountains, and the brook that ran through the midst of the land, saying, Why should the kings of Assyria come, and find much water?	
2 Chronicles 33:1	Manasseh was twelve years old when he began to reign, and he reigned fifty and five years in Jerusalem:	
2 Chronicles 33:15	And he took away the strange gods, and the idol out of the house of the LORD, and all the altars that he had built in the mount of the house of the LORD, and in Jerusalem, and cast them out of the city.	
2 Chronicles 33:17	Nevertheless the people did sacrifice still in the high places, yet unto the LORD their God only.	
2 Chronicles 33:20	So Manasseh slept with his fathers, and they buried him in his own house: and Amon his son reigned in his stead.	
2 Chronicles 33:25	But the people of the land slew all them that had conspired against king Amon; and the people of the land made Josiah his son king in his stead.	
2 Chronicles 33:3	For he built again the high places which Hezekiah his father had broken down, and he reared up altars for Baalim, and made groves, and worshipped all the host of heaven, and served them.	
2 Chronicles 33:6	And he caused his children to pass through the fire in the valley of the son of Hinnom: also he observed times, and used enchantments, and used witchcraft, and dealt with a familiar spirit, and with wizards: he wrought much evil in the sight of the LORD, to provoke him to anger.	
2 Chronicles 34:11	Even to the artificers and builders gave they it, to buy hewn stone, and timber for couplings, and to floor the houses which the kings of Judah had destroyed.	
2 Chronicles 34:13	Also they were over the bearers of burdens, and were overseers of all that wrought the work in any manner of service: and of the Levites there were scribes, and officers, and porters.	
2 Chronicles 34:16	And Shaphan carried the book to the king, and brought the king word back again, saying, All that was committed to thy servants, they do it.	
2 Chronicles 35:11	And they killed the passover, and the priests sprinkled the blood from their hands, and the Levites flayed them.	
2 Chronicles 35:12	And they removed the burnt offerings, that they might give according to the divisions of the families of the people, to offer unto the LORD, as it is written in the book of Moses. And so did they with the oxen.	
2 Chronicles 35:19	In the eighteenth year of the reign of Josiah was this passover kept.	
2 Chronicles 35:24	His servants therefore took him out of that chariot, and put him in the second chariot that he had; and they brought him to Jerusalem, and he died, and was buried in one of the sepulchres of his fathers. And all Judah and Jerusalem mourned for Josiah.	
2 Chronicles 35:8	And his princes gave willingly unto the people, to the priests, and to the Levites: Hilkiah and Zechariah and Jehiel, rulers of the house of God, gave unto the priests for the passover offerings two thousand and six hundred small cattle and three hundred oxen.	
2 Chronicles 36:10	And when the year was expired, king Nebuchadnezzar sent, and brought him to Babylon, with the goodly vessels of the house of the LORD, and made Zedekiah his brother king over Judah and Jerusalem.	
2 Chronicles 36:16	But they mocked the messengers of God, and despised his words, and misused his prophets, until the wrath of the LORD arose against his people, till there was no remedy.	
2 Chronicles 3:14	And he made the vail of blue, and purple, and crimson, and fine linen, and wrought cherubim thereon.	
2 Chronicles 3:15	Also he made before the house two pillars of thirty and five cubits high, and the chapiter that was on the top of each of them was five cubits.	
2 Chronicles 3:2	And he began to build in the second day of the second month, in the fourth year of his reign.	
2 Chronicles 3:3	Now these are the things wherein Solomon was instructed for the building of the house of God. The length by cubits after the first measure was threescore cubits, and the breadth twenty cubits.	
2 Chronicles 3:8	And he made the most holy house, the length whereof was according to the breadth of the house, twenty cubits, and the breadth thereof twenty cubits: and he overlaid it with fine gold, amounting to six hundred talents.	
2 Chronicles 3:9	And the weight of the nails was fifty shekels of gold. And he overlaid the upper chambers with gold.	
2 Chronicles 4:20	Moreover the candlesticks with their lamps, that they should burn after the manner before the oracle, of pure gold;	
2 Chronicles 4:6	He made also ten lavers, and put five on the right hand, and five on the left, to wash in them: such things as they offered for the burnt offering they washed in them; but the sea was for the priests to wash in.	
2 Chronicles 4:7	And he made ten candlesticks of gold according to their form, and set them in the temple, five on the right hand, and five on the left.	
2 Chronicles 4:9	Furthermore he made the court of the priests, and the great court, and doors for the court, and overlaid the doors of them with brass.	
2 Chronicles 5:8	For the cherubim spread forth their wings over the place of the ark, and the cherubim covered the ark and the staves thereof above.	
2 Chronicles 5:9	And they drew out the staves of the ark, that the ends of the staves were seen from the ark before the oracle; but they were not seen without. And there it is unto this day.	
2 Chronicles 6:11	And in it have I put the ark, wherein is the covenant of the LORD, that he made with the children of Israel.	
2 Chronicles 6:22	If a man sin against his neighbor, and an oath be laid upon him to make him swear, and the oath come before thine altar in this house;	
2 Chronicles 6:23	Then hear thou from heaven, and do, and judge thy servants, by requiting the wicked, by recompensing his way upon his own head; and by justifying the righteous, by giving him according to his righteousness.	
2 Chronicles 6:28	If there be dearth in the land, if there be pestilence, if there be blasting, or mildew, locusts, or caterpillars; if their enemies besiege them in the cities of their land; whatsoever sore or whatsoever sickness there be:	
2 Chronicles 6:29	Then what prayer or what supplication soever shall be made of any man, or of all thy people Israel, when every one shall know his own sore and his own grief, and shall spread forth his hands in this house:	
2 Chronicles 6:34	If thy people go out to war against their enemies by the way that thou shalt send them, and they pray unto thee toward this city which thou hast chosen, and the house which I have built for thy name;	
2 Chronicles 6:41	Now therefore arise, O LORD God, into thy resting place, thou, and the ark of thy strength: let thy priests, O LORD God, be clothed with salvation, and let thy saints rejoice in goodness.	
2 Chronicles 6:42	O LORD God, turn not away the face of thine anointed: remember the mercies of David thy servant.	
2 Chronicles 6:9	Notwithstanding thou shalt not build the house; but thy son which shall come forth out of thy loins, he shall build the house for my name.	
2 Chronicles 7:15	Now mine eyes shall be open, and mine ears attent unto the prayer that is made in this place.	
2 Chronicles 7:16	For now have I chosen and sanctified this house, that my name may be there for ever: and mine eyes and mine heart shall be there perpetually.	
2 Chronicles 7:21	And this house, which is high, shall be an astonishment to every one that passeth by it; so that he shall say, Why hath the LORD done thus unto this land, and unto this house?	
2 Chronicles 7:7	Moreover Solomon hallowed the middle of the court that was before the house of the LORD: for there he offered burnt offerings, and the fat of the peace offerings, because the brazen altar which Solomon had made was not able to receive the burnt offerings, and the meat offerings, and the fat.	
2 Chronicles 8:13	Even after a certain rate every day, offering according to the commandment of Moses, on the sabbaths, and on the new moons, and on the solemn feasts, three times in the year, even in the feast of unleavened bread, and in the feast of weeks, and in the feast of tabernacles.	
2 Chronicles 8:17	Then went Solomon to Eziongeber, and to Eloth, at the sea side in the land of Edom.	
2 Chronicles 8:3	And Solomon went to Hamathzobah, and prevailed against it.	
2 Chronicles 8:6	And Baalath, and all the store cities that Solomon had, and all the chariot cities, and the cities of the horsemen, and all that Solomon desired to build in Jerusalem, and in Lebanon, and throughout all the land of his dominion.	
2 Chronicles 9:13	Now the weight of gold that came to Solomon in one year was six hundred and threescore and six talents of gold;	
2 Chronicles 9:15	And king Solomon made two hundred targets of beaten gold: six hundred shekels of beaten gold went to one target.	
2 Chronicles 9:16	And three hundred shields made he of beaten gold: three hundred shekels of gold went to one shield. And the king put them in the house of the forest of Lebanon.	
2 Chronicles 9:2	And Solomon told her all her questions: and there was nothing hid from Solomon which he told her not.	
2 Corinthians 10:12	For we dare not make ourselves of the number, or compare ourselves with some that commend themselves: but they measuring themselves by themselves, and comparing themselves among themselves, are not wise.	
2 Corinthians 11:1	Would to God ye could bear with me a little in my folly: and indeed bear with me.	
2 Corinthians 11:20	For ye suffer, if a man bring you into bondage, if a man devour you, if a man take of you, if a man exalt himself, if a man smite you on the face.	
2 Corinthians 11:22	Are they Hebrews? so am I. Are they Israelites? so am I. Are they the seed of Abraham? so am I.	
2 Corinthians 11:26	In journeyings often, in perils of waters, in perils of robbers, in perils by mine own countrymen, in perils by the heathen, in perils in the city, in perils in the wilderness, in perils in the sea, in perils among false brethren;	
2 Corinthians 11:30	If I must needs glory, I will glory of the things which concern mine infirmities.	
2 Corinthians 11:7	Have I committed an offence in abasing myself that ye might be exalted, because I have preached to you the gospel of God freely?	
2 Corinthians 12:18	I desired Titus, and with him I sent a brother. Did Titus make a gain of you? walked we not in the same spirit? walked we not in the same steps?	
2 Corinthians 12:9	And he said unto me, My grace is sufficient for thee: for my strength is made perfect in weakness. Most gladly therefore will I rather glory in my infirmities, that the power of Christ may rest upon me.	
2 Corinthians 13:12	Greet one another with an holy kiss.	
2 Corinthians 13:2	I told you before, and foretell you, as if I were present, the second time; and being absent now I write to them which heretofore have sinned, and to all other, that, if I come again, I will not spare:	
2 Corinthians 13:8	For we can do nothing against the truth, but for the truth.	
2 Corinthians 1:12	For our rejoicing is this, the testimony of our conscience, that in simplicity and godly sincerity, not with fleshly wisdom, but by the grace of God, we have had our conversation in the world, and more abundantly to you-ward.	
2 Corinthians 1:15	And in this confidence I was minded to come unto you before, that ye might have a second benefit;	
2 Corinthians 1:19	For the Son of God, Jesus Christ, who was preached among you by us, even by me and Silvanus and Timotheus, was not yea and nay, but in him was yea.	
2 Corinthians 1:20	For all the promises of God in him are yea, and in him Amen, unto the glory of God by us.	
2 Corinthians 1:24	Not for that we have dominion over your faith, but are helpers of your joy: for by faith ye stand.	
2 Corinthians 1:5	For as the sufferings of Christ abound in us, so our consolation also aboundeth by Christ.	
2 Corinthians 1:8	For we would not, brethren, have you ignorant of our trouble which came to us in Asia, that we were pressed out of measure, above strength, insomuch that we despaired even of life:	
2 Corinthians 1:9	But we had the sentence of death in ourselves, that we should not trust in ourselves, but in God which raiseth the dead:	
2 Corinthians 2:13	I had no rest in my spirit, because I found not Titus my brother: but taking my leave of them, I went from thence into Macedonia.	
2 Corinthians 2:6	Sufficient to such a man is this punishment, which was inflicted of many.	
2 Corinthians 3:1	Do we begin again to commend ourselves? or need we, as some others, epistles of commendation to you, or letters of commendation from you?	
2 Corinthians 3:10	For even that which was made glorious had no glory in this respect, by reason of the glory that excelleth.	
2 Corinthians 3:12	Seeing then that we have such hope, we use great plainness of speech:	
2 Corinthians 3:15	But even unto this day, when Moses is read, the vail is upon their heart.	
2 Corinthians 4:11	For we which live are alway delivered unto death for Jesus' sake, that the life also of Jesus might be made manifest in our mortal flesh.	
2 Corinthians 4:16	For which cause we faint not; but though our outward man perish, yet the inward man is renewed day by day.	
2 Corinthians 5:11	Knowing therefore the terror of the Lord, we persuade men; but we are made manifest unto God; and I trust also are made manifest in your consciences.	
2 Corinthians 5:16	Wherefore henceforth know we no man after the flesh: yea, though we have known Christ after the flesh, yet now henceforth know we him no more.	
2 Corinthians 5:17	Therefore if any man be in Christ, he is a new creature: old things are passed away; behold, all things are become new.	
2 Corinthians 5:3	If so be that being clothed we shall not be found naked.	
2 Corinthians 5:4	For we that are in this tabernacle do groan, being burdened: not for that we would be unclothed, but clothed upon, that mortality might be swallowed up of life.	
2 Corinthians 5:5	Now he that hath wrought us for the selfsame thing is God, who also hath given unto us the earnest of the Spirit.	
2 Corinthians 6:1	We then, as workers together with him, beseech you also that ye receive not the grace of God in vain.	
2 Corinthians 6:17	Wherefore come out from among them, and be ye separate, saith the Lord, and touch not the unclean thing; and I will receive you.	
2 Corinthians 6:18	And will be a Father unto you, and ye shall be my sons and daughters, saith the Lord Almighty.	
2 Corinthians 6:6	By pureness, by knowledge, by longsuffering, by kindness, by the Holy Ghost, by love unfeigned,	
2 Corinthians 6:9	As unknown, and yet well known; as dying, and, behold, we live; as chastened, and not killed;	
2 Corinthians 7:10	For godly sorrow worketh repentance to salvation not to be repented of: but the sorrow of the world worketh death.	
2 Corinthians 7:12	Wherefore, though I wrote unto you, I did it not for his cause that had done the wrong, nor for his cause that suffered wrong, but that our care for you in the sight of God might appear unto you.	
2 Corinthians 7:8	For though I made you sorry with a letter, I do not repent, though I did repent: for I perceive that the same epistle hath made you sorry, though it were but for a season.	
2 Corinthians 8:12	For if there be first a willing mind, it is accepted according to that a man hath, and not according to that he hath not.	
2 Corinthians 8:13	For I mean not that other men be eased, and ye burdened:	
2 Corinthians 8:16	But thanks be to God, which put the same earnest care into the heart of Titus for you.	
2 Corinthians 8:17	For indeed he accepted the exhortation; but being more forward, of his own accord he went unto you.	
2 Corinthians 8:2	How that in a great trial of affliction the abundance of their joy and their deep poverty abounded unto the riches of their liberality.	
2 Corinthians 8:20	Avoiding this, that no man should blame us in this abundance which is administered by us:	
2 Corinthians 8:4	Praying us with much intreaty that we would receive the gift, and take upon us the fellowship of the ministering to the saints.	
2 Corinthians 8:7	Therefore, as ye abound in every thing, in faith, and utterance, and knowledge, and in all diligence, and in your love to us, see that ye abound in this grace also.	
2 Corinthians 8:8	I speak not by commandment, but by occasion of the forwardness of others, and to prove the sincerity of your love.	
2 Corinthians 9:11	Being enriched in every thing to all bountifulness, which causeth through us thanksgiving to God.	
2 Corinthians 9:2	For I know the forwardness of your mind, for which I boast of you to them of Macedonia, that Achaia was ready a year ago; and your zeal hath provoked very many.	
2 Corinthians 9:4	Lest haply if they of Macedonia come with me, and find you unprepared, we (that we say not, ye) should be ashamed in this same confident boasting.	
2 John 1:11	For he that biddeth him God speed is partaker of his evil deeds.	
2 John 1:12	Having many things to write unto you, I would not write with paper and ink: but I trust to come unto you, and speak face to face, that our joy may be full.	
2 John 1:4	I rejoiced greatly that I found of thy children walking in truth, as we have received a commandment from the Father.	
2 John 1:5	And now I beseech thee, lady, not as though I wrote a new commandment unto thee, but that which we had from the beginning, that we love one another.	
2 John 1:7	For many deceivers are entered into the world, who confess not that Jesus Christ is come in the flesh. This is a deceiver and an antichrist.	
2 Kings 10:18	And Jehu gathered all the people together, and said unto them, Ahab served Baal a little; but Jehu shall serve him much.	
2 Kings 10:20	And Jehu said, Proclaim a solemn assembly for Baal. And they proclaimed it.	
2 Kings 10:21	And Jehu sent through all Israel: and all the worshippers of Baal came, so that there was not a man left that came not. And they came into the house of Baal; and the house of Baal was full from one end to another.	
2 Kings 10:23	And Jehu went, and Jehonadab the son of Rechab, into the house of Baal, and said unto the worshippers of Baal, Search, and look that there be here with you none of the servants of the LORD, but the worshippers of Baal only.	
2 Kings 10:27	And they brake down the image of Baal, and brake down the house of Baal, and made it a draught house unto this day.	
2 Kings 10:34	Now the rest of the acts of Jehu, and all that he did, and all his might, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?	
2 Kings 10:4	But they were exceedingly afraid, and said, Behold, two kings stood not before him: how then shall we stand?	
2 Kings 10:8	And there came a messenger, and told him, saying, They have brought the heads of the king's sons. And he said, Lay ye them in two heaps at the entering in of the gate until the morning.	
2 Kings 11:10	And to the captains over hundreds did the priest give king David's spears and shields, that were in the temple of the LORD.	
2 Kings 11:21	Seven years old was Jehoash when he began to reign.	
2 Kings 12:10	And it was so, when they saw that there was much money in the chest, that the king's scribe and the high priest came up, and they put up in bags, and told the money that was found in the house of the LORD.	
2 Kings 12:16	The trespass money and sin money was not brought into the house of the LORD: it was the priests'.	
2 Kings 12:19	And the rest of the acts of Joash, and all that he did, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?	
2 Kings 12:4	And Jehoash said to the priests, All the money of the dedicated things that is brought into the house of the LORD, even the money of every one that passeth the account, the money that every man is set at, and all the money that cometh into any man's heart to bring into the house of the LORD,	
2 Kings 12:7	Then king Jehoash called for Jehoiada the priest, and the other priests, and said unto them, Why repair ye not the breaches of the house? now therefore receive no more money of your acquaintance, but deliver it for the breaches of the house.	
2 Kings 12:8	And the priests consented to receive no more money of the people, neither to repair the breaches of the house.	
2 Kings 13:15	And Elisha said unto him, Take bow and arrows. And he took unto him bow and arrows.	
2 Kings 13:16	And he said to the king of Israel, Put thine hand upon the bow. And he put his hand upon it: and Elisha put his hands upon the king's hands.	
2 Kings 13:17	And he said, Open the window eastward. And he opened it. Then Elisha said, Shoot. And he shot. And he said, The arrow of the LORD's deliverance, and the arrow of deliverance from Syria: for thou shalt smite the Syrians in Aphek, till thou have consumed them.	
2 Kings 13:2	And he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD, and followed the sins of Jeroboam the son of Nebat, which made Israel to sin; he departed not therefrom.	
2 Kings 13:23	And the LORD was gracious unto them, and had compassion on them, and had respect unto them, because of his covenant with Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, and would not destroy them, neither cast he them from his presence as yet.	
2 Kings 13:6	Nevertheless they departed not from the sins of the house of Jeroboam, who made Israel sin, but walked therein: and there remained the grove also in Samaria.)	
2 Kings 14:1	In the second year of Joash son of Jehoahaz king of Israel reigned Amaziah the son of Joash king of Judah.	
2 Kings 14:11	But Amaziah would not hear. Therefore Jehoash king of Israel went up; and he and Amaziah king of Judah looked one another in the face at Bethshemesh, which belongeth to Judah.	
2 Kings 14:14	And he took all the gold and silver, and all the vessels that were found in the house of the LORD, and in the treasures of the king's house, and hostages, and returned to Samaria.	
2 Kings 14:21	And all the people of Judah took Azariah, which was sixteen years old, and made him king instead of his father Amaziah.	
2 Kings 14:25	He restored the coast of Israel from the entering of Hamath unto the sea of the plain, according to the word of the LORD God of Israel, which he spake by the hand of his servant Jonah, the son of Amittai, the prophet, which was of Gathhepher.	
2 Kings 14:28	Now the rest of the acts of Jeroboam, and all that he did, and his might, how he warred, and how he recovered Damascus, and Hamath, which belonged to Judah, for Israel, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?	
2 Kings 14:29	And Jeroboam slept with his fathers, even with the kings of Israel; and Zachariah his son reigned in his stead.	
2 Kings 15:1	In the twenty and seventh year of Jeroboam king of Israel began Azariah son of Amaziah king of Judah to reign.	
2 Kings 15:10	And Shallum the son of Jabesh conspired against him, and smote him before the people, and slew him, and reigned in his stead.	
2 Kings 15:17	In the nine and thirtieth year of Azariah king of Judah began Menahem the son of Gadi to reign over Israel, and reigned ten years in Samaria.	
2 Kings 15:18	And he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD: he departed not all his days from the sins of Jeroboam the son of Nebat, who made Israel to sin.	
2 Kings 15:22	And Menahem slept with his fathers; and Pekahiah his son reigned in his stead.	
2 Kings 15:29	In the days of Pekah king of Israel came Tiglathpileser king of Assyria, and took Ijon, and Abelbethmaachah, and Janoah, and Kedesh, and Hazor, and Gilead, and Galilee, all the land of Naphtali, and carried them captive to Assyria.	
2 Kings 15:32	In the second year of Pekah the son of Remaliah king of Israel began Jotham the son of Uzziah king of Judah to reign.	
2 Kings 15:7	So Azariah slept with his fathers; and they buried him with his fathers in the city of David: and Jotham his son reigned in his stead.	
2 Kings 16:10	And king Ahaz went to Damascus to meet Tiglathpileser king of Assyria, and saw an altar that was at Damascus: and king Ahaz sent to Urijah the priest the fashion of the altar, and the pattern of it, according to all the workmanship thereof.	
2 Kings 16:11	And Urijah the priest built an altar according to all that king Ahaz had sent from Damascus: so Urijah the priest made it against king Ahaz came from Damascus.	
2 Kings 16:12	And when the king was come from Damascus, the king saw the altar: and the king approached to the altar, and offered thereon.	
2 Kings 16:16	Thus did Urijah the priest, according to all that king Ahaz commanded.	
2 Kings 16:17	And king Ahaz cut off the borders of the bases, and removed the laver from off them; and took down the sea from off the brazen oxen that were under it, and put it upon the pavement of stones.	
2 Kings 16:19	Now the rest of the acts of Ahaz which he did, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?	
2 Kings 16:5	Then Rezin king of Syria and Pekah son of Remaliah king of Israel came up to Jerusalem to war: and they besieged Ahaz, but could not overcome him.	
2 Kings 16:6	At that time Rezin king of Syria recovered Elath to Syria, and drave the Jews from Elath: and the Syrians came to Elath, and dwelt there unto this day.	
2 Kings 17:10	And they set them up images and groves in every high hill, and under every green tree:	
2 Kings 17:11	And there they burnt incense in all the high places, as did the heathen whom the LORD carried away before them; and wrought wicked things to provoke the LORD to anger:	
2 Kings 17:13	Yet the LORD testified against Israel, and against Judah, by all the prophets, and by all the seers, saying, Turn ye from your evil ways, and keep my commandments and my statutes, according to all the law which I commanded your fathers, and which I sent to you by my servants the prophets.	
2 Kings 17:15	And they rejected his statutes, and his covenant that he made with their fathers, and his testimonies which he testified against them; and they followed vanity, and became vain, and went after the heathen that were round about them, concerning whom the LORD had charged them, that they should not do like them.	
2 Kings 17:20	And the LORD rejected all the seed of Israel, and afflicted them, and delivered them into the hand of spoilers, until he had cast them out of his sight.	
2 Kings 17:21	For he rent Israel from the house of David; and they made Jeroboam the son of Nebat king: and Jeroboam drave Israel from following the LORD, and made them sin a great sin.	
2 Kings 17:23	Until the LORD removed Israel out of his sight, as he had said by all his servants the prophets. So was Israel carried away out of their own land to Assyria unto this day.	
2 Kings 17:28	Then one of the priests whom they had carried away from Samaria came and dwelt in Bethel, and taught them how they should fear the LORD.	
2 Kings 17:33	They feared the LORD, and served their own gods, after the manner of the nations whom they carried away from thence.	
2 Kings 17:34	Unto this day they do after the former manners: they fear not the LORD, neither do they after their statutes, or after their ordinances, or after the law and commandment which the LORD commanded the children of Jacob, whom he named Israel;	
2 Kings 17:35	With whom the LORD had made a covenant, and charged them, saying, Ye shall not fear other gods, nor bow yourselves to them, nor serve them, nor sacrifice to them:	
2 Kings 18:1	Now it came to pass in the third year of Hoshea son of Elah king of Israel, that Hezekiah the son of Ahaz king of Judah began to reign.	
2 Kings 18:11	And the king of Assyria did carry away Israel unto Assyria, and put them in Halah and in Habor by the river of Gozan, and in the cities of the Medes:	
2 Kings 18:15	And Hezekiah gave him all the silver that was found in the house of the LORD, and in the treasures of the king's house.	
2 Kings 18:16	At that time did Hezekiah cut off the gold from the doors of the temple of the LORD, and from the pillars which Hezekiah king of Judah had overlaid, and gave it to the king of Assyria.	
2 Kings 18:17	And the king of Assyria sent Tartan and Rabsaris and Rabshakeh from Lachish to king Hezekiah with a great host against Jerusalem. And they went up and came to Jerusalem. And when they were come up, they came and stood by the conduit of the upper pool, which is in the highway of the fuller's field.	
2 Kings 18:21	Now, behold, thou trustest upon the staff of this bruised reed, even upon Egypt, on which if a man lean, it will go into his hand, and pierce it: so is Pharaoh king of Egypt unto all that trust on him.	
2 Kings 18:25	Am I now come up without the LORD against this place to destroy it? The LORD said to me, Go up against this land, and destroy it.	
2 Kings 18:26	Then said Eliakim the son of Hilkiah, and Shebna, and Joah, unto Rabshakeh, Speak, I pray thee, to thy servants in the Syrian language; for we understand it: and talk not with us in the Jews' language in the ears of the people that are on the wall.	
2 Kings 18:27	But Rabshakeh said unto them, Hath my master sent me to thy master, and to thee, to speak these words? hath he not sent me to the men which sit on the wall, that they may eat their own dung, and drink their own piss with you?	
2 Kings 18:33	Hath any of the gods of the nations delivered at all his land out of the hand of the king of Assyria?	
2 Kings 18:34	Where are the gods of Hamath, and of Arpad? where are the gods of Sepharvaim, Hena, and Ivah? have they delivered Samaria out of mine hand?	
2 Kings 18:7	And the LORD was with him; and he prospered whithersoever he went forth: and he rebelled against the king of Assyria, and served him not.	
2 Kings 19:19	Now therefore, O LORD our God, I beseech thee, save thou us out of his hand, that all the kingdoms of the earth may know that thou art the LORD God, even thou only.	
2 Kings 19:2	And he sent Eliakim, which was over the household, and Shebna the scribe, and the elders of the priests, covered with sackcloth, to Isaiah the prophet the son of Amoz.	
2 Kings 19:20	Then Isaiah the son of Amoz sent to Hezekiah, saying, Thus saith the LORD God of Israel, That which thou hast prayed to me against Sennacherib king of Assyria I have heard.	
2 Kings 19:24	I have digged and drunk strange waters, and with the sole of my feet have I dried up all the rivers of besieged places.	
2 Kings 19:27	But I know thy abode, and thy going out, and thy coming in, and thy rage against me.	
2 Kings 19:28	Because thy rage against me and thy tumult is come up into mine ears, therefore I will put my hook in thy nose, and my bridle in thy lips, and I will turn thee back by the way by which thou camest.	
2 Kings 19:3	And they said unto him, Thus saith Hezekiah, This day is a day of trouble, and of rebuke, and blasphemy; for the children are come to the birth, and there is not strength to bring forth.	
2 Kings 19:36	So Sennacherib king of Assyria departed, and went and returned, and dwelt at Nineveh.	
2 Kings 19:9	And when he heard say of Tirhakah king of Ethiopia, Behold, he is come out to fight against thee: he sent messengers again unto Hezekiah, saying,	
2 Kings 1:17	So he died according to the word of the LORD which Elijah had spoken. And Jehoram reigned in his stead in the second year of Jehoram the son of Jehoshaphat king of Judah; because he had no son.	
2 Kings 1:9	Then the king sent unto him a captain of fifty with his fifty. And he went up to him: and, behold, he sat on the top of an hill. And he spake unto him, Thou man of God, the king hath said, Come down.	
2 Kings 20:12	At that time Berodachbaladan, the son of Baladan, king of Babylon, sent letters and a present unto Hezekiah: for he had heard that Hezekiah had been sick.	
2 Kings 20:15	And he said, What have they seen in thine house? And Hezekiah answered, All the things that are in mine house have they seen: there is nothing among my treasures that I have not showed them.	
2 Kings 20:2	Then he turned his face to the wall, and prayed unto the LORD, saying,	
2 Kings 20:4	And it came to pass, afore Isaiah was gone out into the middle court, that the word of the LORD came to him, saying,	
2 Kings 20:6	And I will add unto thy days fifteen years; and I will deliver thee and this city out of the hand of the king of Assyria; and I will defend this city for mine own sake, and for my servant David's sake.	
2 Kings 21:12	Therefore thus saith the LORD God of Israel, Behold, I am bringing such evil upon Jerusalem and Judah, that whosoever heareth of it, both his ears shall tingle.	
2 Kings 21:14	And I will forsake the remnant of mine inheritance, and deliver them into the hand of their enemies; and they shall become a prey and a spoil to all their enemies;	
2 Kings 21:15	Because they have done that which was evil in my sight, and have provoked me to anger, since the day their fathers came forth out of Egypt, even unto this day.	
2 Kings 21:21	And he walked in all the way that his father walked in, and served the idols that his father served, and worshipped them:	
2 Kings 21:24	And the people of the land slew all them that had conspired against king Amon; and the people of the land made Josiah his son king in his stead.	
2 Kings 21:4	And he built altars in the house of the LORD, of which the LORD said, In Jerusalem will I put my name.	
2 Kings 21:7	And he set a graven image of the grove that he had made in the house, of which the LORD said to David, and to Solomon his son, In this house, and in Jerusalem, which I have chosen out of all tribes of Israel, will I put my name for ever:	
2 Kings 22:10	And Shaphan the scribe showed the king, saying, Hilkiah the priest hath delivered me a book. And Shaphan read it before the king.	
2 Kings 22:12	And the king commanded Hilkiah the priest, and Ahikam the son of Shaphan, and Achbor the son of Michaiah, and Shaphan the scribe, and Asahiah a servant of the king's, saying,	
2 Kings 22:20	Behold therefore, I will gather thee unto thy fathers, and thou shalt be gathered into thy grave in peace; and thine eyes shall not see all the evil which I will bring upon this place. And they brought the king word again.	
2 Kings 22:3	And it came to pass in the eighteenth year of king Josiah, that the king sent Shaphan the son of Azaliah, the son of Meshullam, the scribe, to the house of the LORD, saying,	
2 Kings 22:6	Unto carpenters, and builders, and masons, and to buy timber and hewn stone to repair the house.	
2 Kings 23:12	And the altars that were on the top of the upper chamber of Ahaz, which the kings of Judah had made, and the altars which Manasseh had made in the two courts of the house of the LORD, did the king beat down, and brake them down from thence, and cast the dust of them into the brook Kidron.	
2 Kings 23:24	Moreover the workers with familiar spirits, and the wizards, and the images, and the idols, and all the abominations that were spied in the land of Judah and in Jerusalem, did Josiah put away, that he might perform the words of the law which were written in the book that Hilkiah the priest found in the house of the LORD.	
2 Kings 23:31	Jehoahaz was twenty and three years old when he began to reign; and he reigned three months in Jerusalem. And his mother's name was Hamutal, the daughter of Jeremiah of Libnah.	
2 Kings 23:34	And Pharaohnechoh made Eliakim the son of Josiah king in the room of Josiah his father, and turned his name to Jehoiakim, and took Jehoahaz away: and he came to Egypt, and died there.	
2 Kings 23:4	And the king commanded Hilkiah the high priest, and the priests of the second order, and the keepers of the door, to bring forth out of the temple of the LORD all the vessels that were made for Baal, and for the grove, and for all the host of heaven: and he burned them without Jerusalem in the fields of Kidron, and carried the ashes of them unto Bethel.	
2 Kings 24:1	In his days Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came up, and Jehoiakim became his servant three years: then he turned and rebelled against him.	
2 Kings 24:17	And the king of Babylon made Mattaniah his father's brother king in his stead, and changed his name to Zedekiah.	
2 Kings 24:18	Zedekiah was twenty and one years old when he began to reign, and he reigned eleven years in Jerusalem. And his mother's name was Hamutal, the daughter of Jeremiah of Libnah.	
2 Kings 24:20	For through the anger of the LORD it came to pass in Jerusalem and Judah, until he had cast them out from his presence, that Zedekiah rebelled against the king of Babylon.	
2 Kings 25:15	And the firepans, and the bowls, and such things as were of gold, in gold, and of silver, in silver, the captain of the guard took away.	
2 Kings 25:16	The two pillars, one sea, and the bases which Solomon had made for the house of the LORD; the brass of all these vessels was without weight.	
2 Kings 25:18	And the captain of the guard took Seraiah the chief priest, and Zephaniah the second priest, and the three keepers of the door:	
2 Kings 25:20	And Nebuzaradan captain of the guard took these, and brought them to the king of Babylon to Riblah:	
2 Kings 25:21	And the king of Babylon smote them, and slew them at Riblah in the land of Hamath. So Judah was carried away out of their land.	
2 Kings 25:22	And as for the people that remained in the land of Judah, whom Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon had left, even over them he made Gedaliah the son of Ahikam, the son of Shaphan, ruler.	
2 Kings 25:4	And the city was broken up, and all the men of war fled by night by the way of the gate between two walls, which is by the king's garden: (now the Chaldees were against the city round about:) and the king went the way toward the plain.	
2 Kings 25:9	And he burnt the house of the LORD, and the king's house, and all the houses of Jerusalem, and every great man's house burnt he with fire.	
2 Kings 2:1	And it came to pass, when the LORD would take up Elijah into heaven by a whirlwind, that Elijah went with Elisha from Gilgal.	
2 Kings 2:15	And when the sons of the prophets which were to view at Jericho saw him, they said, The spirit of Elijah doth rest on Elisha. And they came to meet him, and bowed themselves to the ground before him.	
2 Kings 2:23	And he went up from thence unto Bethel: and as he was going up by the way, there came forth little children out of the city, and mocked him, and said unto him, Go up, thou bald head; go up, thou bald head.	
2 Kings 2:24	And he turned back, and looked on them, and cursed them in the name of the LORD. And there came forth two she bears out of the wood, and tare forty and two children of them.	
2 Kings 2:5	And the sons of the prophets that were at Jericho came to Elisha, and said unto him, Knowest thou that the LORD will take away thy master from thy head to day? And he answered, Yea, I know it; hold ye your peace.	
2 Kings 2:7	And fifty men of the sons of the prophets went, and stood to view afar off: and they two stood by Jordan.	
2 Kings 3:12	And Jehoshaphat said, The word of the LORD is with him. So the king of Israel and Jehoshaphat and the king of Edom went down to him.	
2 Kings 3:20	And it came to pass in the morning, when the meat offering was offered, that, behold, there came water by the way of Edom, and the country was filled with water.	
2 Kings 3:23	And they said, This is blood: the kings are surely slain, and they have smitten one another: now therefore, Moab, to the spoil.	
2 Kings 3:25	And they beat down the cities, and on every good piece of land cast every man his stone, and filled it; and they stopped all the wells of water, and felled all the good trees: only in Kirharaseth left they the stones thereof; howbeit the slingers went about it, and smote it.	
2 Kings 3:27	Then he took his eldest son that should have reigned in his stead, and offered him for a burnt offering upon the wall. And there was great indignation against Israel: and they departed from him, and returned to their own land.	
2 Kings 3:3	Nevertheless he cleaved unto the sins of Jeroboam the son of Nebat, which made Israel to sin; he departed not therefrom.	
2 Kings 3:4	And Mesha king of Moab was a sheepmaster, and rendered unto the king of Israel an hundred thousand lambs, and an hundred thousand rams, with the wool.	
2 Kings 3:6	And king Jehoram went out of Samaria the same time, and numbered all Israel.	
2 Kings 3:7	And he went and sent to Jehoshaphat the king of Judah, saying, The king of Moab hath rebelled against me: wilt thou go with me against Moab to battle? And he said, I will go up: I am as thou art, my people as thy people, and my horses as thy horses.	
2 Kings 3:9	So the king of Israel went, and the king of Judah, and the king of Edom: and they fetched a compass of seven days' journey: and there was no water for the host, and for the cattle that followed them.	
2 Kings 4:12	And he said to Gehazi his servant, Call this Shunammite. And when he had called her, she stood before him.	
2 Kings 4:13	And he said unto him, Say now unto her, Behold, thou hast been careful for us with all this care; what is to be done for thee? wouldest thou be spoken for to the king, or to the captain of the host? And she answered, I dwell among mine own people.	
2 Kings 4:18	And when the child was grown, it fell on a day, that he went out to his father to the reapers.	
2 Kings 4:26	Run now, I pray thee, to meet her, and say unto her, Is it well with thee? is it well with thy husband? is it well with the child? And she answered, It is well:	
2 Kings 4:28	Then she said, Did I desire a son of my lord? did I not say, Do not deceive me?	
2 Kings 4:32	And when Elisha was come into the house, behold, the child was dead, and laid upon his bed.	
2 Kings 4:36	And he called Gehazi, and said, Call this Shunammite. So he called her. And when she was come in unto him, he said, Take up thy son.	
2 Kings 4:37	Then she went in, and fell at his feet, and bowed herself to the ground, and took up her son, and went out.	
2 Kings 4:39	And one went out into the field to gather herbs, and found a wild vine, and gathered thereof wild gourds his lap full, and came and shred them into the pot of pottage: for they knew them not.	
2 Kings 5:1	Now Naaman, captain of the host of the king of Syria, was a great man with his master, and honorable, because by him the LORD had given deliverance unto Syria: he was also a mighty man in valor, but he was a leper.	
2 Kings 5:11	But Naaman was wroth, and went away, and said, Behold, I thought, He will surely come out to me, and stand, and call on the name of the LORD his God, and strike his hand over the place, and recover the leper.	
2 Kings 5:14	Then went he down, and dipped himself seven times in Jordan, according to the saying of the man of God: and his flesh came again like unto the flesh of a little child, and he was clean.	
2 Kings 5:15	And he returned to the man of God, he and all his company, and came, and stood before him: and he said, Behold, now I know that there is no God in all the earth, but in Israel: now therefore, I pray thee, take a blessing of thy servant.	
2 Kings 5:27	The leprosy therefore of Naaman shall cleave unto thee, and unto thy seed for ever. And he went out from his presence a leper as white as snow.	
2 Kings 5:4	And one went in, and told his lord, saying, Thus and thus said the maid that is of the land of Israel.	
2 Kings 5:5	And the king of Syria said, Go to, go, and I will send a letter unto the king of Israel. And he departed, and took with him ten talents of silver, and six thousand pieces of gold, and ten changes of raiment.	
2 Kings 5:9	So Naaman came with his horses and with his chariot, and stood at the door of the house of Elisha.	
2 Kings 6:12	And one of his servants said, None, my lord, O king: but Elisha, the prophet that is in Israel, telleth the king of Israel the words that thou speakest in thy bedchamber.	
2 Kings 6:14	Therefore sent he thither horses, and chariots, and a great host: and they came by night, and compassed the city about.	
2 Kings 6:16	And he answered, Fear not: for they that be with us are more than they that be with them.	
2 Kings 6:2	Let us go, we pray thee, unto Jordan, and take thence every man a beam, and let us make us a place there, where we may dwell. And he answered, Go ye.	
2 Kings 6:24	And it came to pass after this, that Benhadad king of Syria gathered all his host, and went up, and besieged Samaria.	
2 Kings 6:27	And he said, If the LORD do not help thee, whence shall I help thee? out of the barnfloor, or out of the winepress?	
2 Kings 6:3	And one said, Be content, I pray thee, and go with thy servants. And he answered, I will go.	
2 Kings 6:8	Then the king of Syria warred against Israel, and took counsel with his servants, saying, In such and such a place shall be my camp.	
2 Kings 7:10	So they came and called unto the porter of the city: and they told them, saying, We came to the camp of the Syrians, and, behold, there was no man there, neither voice of man, but horses tied, and asses tied, and the tents as they were.	
2 Kings 7:11	And he called the porters; and they told it to the king's house within.	
2 Kings 7:14	They took therefore two chariot horses; and the king sent after the host of the Syrians, saying, Go and see.	
2 Kings 7:20	And so it fell out unto him: for the people trode upon him in the gate, and he died.	
2 Kings 7:4	If we say, We will enter into the city, then the famine is in the city, and we shall die there: and if we sit still here, we die also. Now therefore come, and let us fall unto the host of the Syrians: if they save us alive, we shall live; and if they kill us, we shall but die.	
2 Kings 8:15	And it came to pass on the morrow, that he took a thick cloth, and dipped it in water, and spread it on his face, so that he died: and Hazael reigned in his stead.	
2 Kings 8:18	And he walked in the way of the kings of Israel, as did the house of Ahab: for the daughter of Ahab was his wife: and he did evil in the sight of the LORD.	
2 Kings 8:19	Yet the LORD would not destroy Judah for David his servant's sake, as he promised him to give him alway a light, and to his children.	
2 Kings 8:21	So Joram went over to Zair, and all the chariots with him: and he rose by night, and smote the Edomites which compassed him about, and the captains of the chariots: and the people fled into their tents.	
2 Kings 8:23	And the rest of the acts of Joram, and all that he did, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?	
2 Kings 8:25	In the twelfth year of Joram the son of Ahab king of Israel did Ahaziah the son of Jehoram king of Judah begin to reign.	
2 Kings 8:28	And he went with Joram the son of Ahab to the war against Hazael king of Syria in Ramothgilead; and the Syrians wounded Joram.	
2 Kings 8:6	And when the king asked the woman, she told him. So the king appointed unto her a certain officer, saying, Restore all that was hers, and all the fruits of the field since the day that she left the land, even until now.	
2 Kings 8:8	And the king said unto Hazael, Take a present in thine hand, and go, meet the man of God, and enquire of the LORD by him, saying, Shall I recover of this disease?	
2 Kings 9:12	And they said, It is false; tell us now. And he said, Thus and thus spake he to me, saying, Thus saith the LORD, I have anointed thee king over Israel.	
2 Kings 9:2	And when thou comest thither, look out there Jehu the son of Jehoshaphat the son of Nimshi, and go in, and make him arise up from among his brethren, and carry him to an inner chamber;	
2 Kings 9:22	And it came to pass, when Joram saw Jehu, that he said, Is it peace, Jehu? And he answered, What peace, so long as the whoredoms of thy mother Jezebel and her witchcrafts are so many?	
2 Kings 9:25	Then said Jehu to Bidkar his captain, Take up, and cast him in the portion of the field of Naboth the Jezreelite: for remember how that, when I and thou rode together after Ahab his father, the LORD laid this burden upon him;	
2 Kings 9:29	And in the eleventh year of Joram the son of Ahab began Ahaziah to reign over Judah.	
2 Kings 9:31	And as Jehu entered in at the gate, she said, Had Zimri peace, who slew his master?	
2 Kings 9:36	Wherefore they came again, and told him. And he said, This is the word of the LORD, which he spake by his servant Elijah the Tishbite, saying, In the portion of Jezreel shall dogs eat the flesh of Jezebel:	
2 Kings 9:5	And when he came, behold, the captains of the host were sitting; and he said, I have an errand to thee, O captain. And Jehu said, Unto which of all us? And he said, To thee, O captain.	
2 Kings 9:6	And he arose, and went into the house; and he poured the oil on his head, and said unto him, Thus saith the LORD God of Israel, I have anointed thee king over the people of the LORD, even over Israel.	
2 Peter 1:1	Simon Peter, a servant and an apostle of Jesus Christ, to them that have obtained like precious faith with us through the righteousness of God and our Saviour Jesus Christ:	
2 Peter 1:10	Wherefore the rather, brethren, give diligence to make your calling and election sure: for if ye do these things, ye shall never fall:	
2 Peter 1:8	For if these things be in you, and abound, they make you that ye shall neither be barren nor unfruitful in the knowledge of our Lord Jesus Christ.	
2 Peter 1:9	But he that lacketh these things is blind, and cannot see afar off, and hath forgotten that he was purged from his old sins.	
2 Peter 2:13	And shall receive the reward of unrighteousness, as they that count it pleasure to riot in the day time. Spots they are and blemishes, sporting themselves with their own deceivings while they feast with you;	
2 Peter 2:14	Having eyes full of adultery, and that cannot cease from sin; beguiling unstable souls: an heart they have exercised with covetous practices; cursed children:	
2 Peter 2:16	But was rebuked for his iniquity: the dumb ass speaking with man's voice forbad the madness of the prophet.	
2 Peter 2:20	For if after they have escaped the pollutions of the world through the knowledge of the Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ, they are again entangled therein, and overcome, the latter end is worse with them than the beginning.	
2 Peter 2:3	And through covetousness shall they with feigned words make merchandise of you: whose judgment now of a long time lingereth not, and their damnation slumbereth not.	
2 Peter 2:9	The Lord knoweth how to deliver the godly out of temptations, and to reserve the unjust unto the day of judgment to be punished:	
2 Peter 3:11	Seeing then that all these things shall be dissolved, what manner of persons ought ye to be in all holy conversation and godliness,	
2 Peter 3:15	And account that the longsuffering of our Lord is salvation; even as our beloved brother Paul also according to the wisdom given unto him hath written unto you;	
2 Peter 3:2	That ye may be mindful of the words which were spoken before by the holy prophets, and of the commandment of us the apostles of the Lord and Saviour:	
2 Peter 3:4	And saying, Where is the promise of his coming? for since the fathers fell asleep, all things continue as they were from the beginning of the creation.	
2 Peter 3:6	Whereby the world that then was, being overflowed with water, perished:	
2 Peter 3:7	But the heavens and the earth, which are now, by the same word are kept in store, reserved unto fire against the day of judgment and perdition of ungodly men.	
2 Peter 3:8	But, beloved, be not ignorant of this one thing, that one day is with the Lord as a thousand years, and a thousand years as one day.	
2 Samuel 10:16	And Hadarezer sent, and brought out the Syrians that were beyond the river: and they came to Helam; and Shobach the captain of the host of Hadarezer went before them.	
2 Samuel 10:17	And when it was told David, he gathered all Israel together, and passed over Jordan, and came to Helam. And the Syrians set themselves in array against David, and fought with him.	
2 Samuel 10:19	And when all the kings that were servants to Hadarezer saw that they were smitten before Israel, they made peace with Israel, and served them. So the Syrians feared to help the children of Ammon any more.	
2 Samuel 10:3	And the princes of the children of Ammon said unto Hanun their lord, Thinkest thou that David doth honor thy father, that he hath sent comforters unto thee? hath not David rather sent his servants unto thee, to search the city, and to spy it out, and to overthrow it?	
2 Samuel 10:5	When they told it unto David, he sent to meet them, because the men were greatly ashamed: and the king said, Tarry at Jericho until your beards be grown, and then return.	
2 Samuel 10:6	And when the children of Ammon saw that they stank before David, the children of Ammon sent and hired the Syrians of Bethrehob and the Syrians of Zoba, twenty thousand footmen, and of king Maacah a thousand men, and of Ishtob twelve thousand men.	
2 Samuel 10:7	And when David heard of it, he sent Joab, and all the host of the mighty men.	
2 Samuel 11:12	And David said to Uriah, Tarry here to day also, and to morrow I will let thee depart. So Uriah abode in Jerusalem that day, and the morrow.	
2 Samuel 11:13	And when David had called him, he did eat and drink before him; and he made him drunk: and at even he went out to lie on his bed with the servants of his lord, but went not down to his house.	
2 Samuel 11:17	And the men of the city went out, and fought with Joab: and there fell some of the people of the servants of David; and Uriah the Hittite died also.	
2 Samuel 11:18	Then Joab sent and told David all the things concerning the war;	
2 Samuel 11:24	And the shooters shot from off the wall upon thy servants; and some of the king's servants be dead, and thy servant Uriah the Hittite is dead also.	
2 Samuel 11:26	And when the wife of Uriah heard that Uriah her husband was dead, she mourned for her husband.	
2 Samuel 11:3	And David sent and inquired after the woman. And one said, Is not this Bathsheba, the daughter of Eliam, the wife of Uriah the Hittite?	
2 Samuel 11:8	And David said to Uriah, Go down to thy house, and wash thy feet. And Uriah departed out of the king's house, and there followed him a mess of meat from the king.	
2 Samuel 11:9	But Uriah slept at the door of the king's house with all the servants of his lord, and went not down to his house.	
2 Samuel 12:14	Howbeit, because by this deed thou hast given great occasion to the enemies of the LORD to blaspheme, the child also that is born unto thee shall surely die.	
2 Samuel 12:15	And Nathan departed unto his house. And the LORD struck the child that Uriah's wife bare unto David, and it was very sick.	
2 Samuel 12:17	And the elders of his house arose, and went to him, to raise him up from the earth: but he would not, neither did he eat bread with them.	
2 Samuel 12:2	The rich man had exceeding many flocks and herds:	
2 Samuel 12:23	But now he is dead, wherefore should I fast? can I bring him back again? I shall go to him, but he shall not return to me.	
2 Samuel 12:24	And David comforted Bathsheba his wife, and went in unto her, and lay with her: and she bare a son, and he called his name Solomon: and the LORD loved him.	
2 Samuel 12:25	And he sent by the hand of Nathan the prophet; and he called his name Jedidiah, because of the LORD.	
2 Samuel 12:26	And Joab fought against Rabbah of the children of Ammon, and took the royal city.	
2 Samuel 12:30	And he took their king's crown from off his head, the weight whereof was a talent of gold with the precious stones: and it was set on David's head. And he brought forth the spoil of the city in great abundance.	
2 Samuel 12:6	And he shall restore the lamb fourfold, because he did this thing, and because he had no pity.	
2 Samuel 12:7	And Nathan said to David, Thou art the man. Thus saith the LORD God of Israel, I anointed thee king over Israel, and I delivered thee out of the hand of Saul;	
2 Samuel 12:9	Wherefore hast thou despised the commandment of the LORD, to do evil in his sight? thou hast killed Uriah the Hittite with the sword, and hast taken his wife to be thy wife, and hast slain him with the sword of the children of Ammon.	
2 Samuel 13:10	And Amnon said unto Tamar, Bring the meat into the chamber, that I may eat of thine hand. And Tamar took the cakes which she had made, and brought them into the chamber to Amnon her brother.	
2 Samuel 13:15	Then Amnon hated her exceedingly; so that the hatred wherewith he hated her was greater than the love wherewith he had loved her. And Amnon said unto her, Arise, be gone.	
2 Samuel 13:18	And she had a garment of divers colors upon her: for with such robes were the king's daughters that were virgins apparelled. Then his servant brought her out, and bolted the door after her.	
2 Samuel 13:19	And Tamar put ashes on her head, and rent her garment of divers colors that was on her, and laid her hand on her head, and went on crying.	
2 Samuel 13:20	And Absalom her brother said unto her, Hath Amnon thy brother been with thee? but hold now thy peace, my sister: he is thy brother; regard not this thing. So Tamar remained desolate in her brother Absalom's house.	
2 Samuel 13:21	But when king David heard of all these things, he was very wroth.	
2 Samuel 13:25	And the king said to Absalom, Nay, my son, let us not all now go, lest we be chargeable unto thee. And he pressed him: howbeit he would not go, but blessed him.	
2 Samuel 13:26	Then said Absalom, If not, I pray thee, let my brother Amnon go with us. And the king said unto him, Why should he go with thee?	
2 Samuel 13:38	So Absalom fled, and went to Geshur, and was there three years.	
2 Samuel 14:21	And the king said unto Joab, Behold now, I have done this thing: go therefore, bring the young man Absalom again.	
2 Samuel 14:22	And Joab fell to the ground on his face, and bowed himself, and thanked the king: and Joab said, To day thy servant knoweth that I have found grace in thy sight, my lord, O king, in that the king hath fulfilled the request of his servant.	
2 Samuel 14:31	Then Joab arose, and came to Absalom unto his house, and said unto him, Wherefore have thy servants set my field on fire?	
2 Samuel 14:5	And the king said unto her, What aileth thee? And she answered, I am indeed a widow woman, and mine husband is dead.	
2 Samuel 14:7	And, behold, the whole family is risen against thine handmaid, and they said, Deliver him that smote his brother, that we may kill him, for the life of his brother whom he slew; and we will destroy the heir also: and so they shall quench my coal which is left, and shall not leave to my husband neither name nor remainder upon the earth.	
2 Samuel 15:10	But Absalom sent spies throughout all the tribes of Israel, saying, As soon as ye hear the sound of the trumpet, then ye shall say, Absalom reigneth in Hebron.	
2 Samuel 15:13	And there came a messenger to David, saying, The hearts of the men of Israel are after Absalom.	
2 Samuel 15:17	And the king went forth, and all the people after him, and tarried in a place that was far off.	
2 Samuel 15:26	But if he thus say, I have no delight in thee; behold, here am I, let him do to me as seemeth good unto him.	
2 Samuel 15:36	Behold, they have there with them their two sons, Ahimaaz Zadok's son, and Jonathan Abiathar's son; and by them ye shall send unto me every thing that ye can hear.	
2 Samuel 15:8	For thy servant vowed a vow while I abode at Geshur in Syria, saying, If the LORD shall bring me again indeed to Jerusalem, then I will serve the LORD.	
2 Samuel 16:13	And as David and his men went by the way, Shimei went along on the hill's side over against him, and cursed as he went, and threw stones at him, and cast dust.	
2 Samuel 16:15	And Absalom, and all the people the men of Israel, came to Jerusalem, and Ahithophel with him.	
2 Samuel 16:23	And the counsel of Ahithophel, which he counseled in those days, was as if a man had inquired at the oracle of God: so was all the counsel of Ahithophel both with David and with Absalom.	
2 Samuel 16:9	Then said Abishai the son of Zeruiah unto the king, Why should this dead dog curse my lord the king? let me go over, I pray thee, and take off his head.	
2 Samuel 17:17	Now Jonathan and Ahimaaz stayed by Enrogel; for they might not be seen to come into the city: and a wench went and told them; and they went and told king David.	
2 Samuel 17:18	Nevertheless a lad saw them, and told Absalom: but they went both of them away quickly, and came to a man's house in Bahurim, which had a well in his court; whither they went down.	
2 Samuel 17:19	And the woman took and spread a covering over the well's mouth, and spread ground corn thereon; and the thing was not known.	
2 Samuel 17:2	And I will come upon him while he is weary and weak handed, and will make him afraid: and all the people that are with him shall flee; and I will smite the king only:	
2 Samuel 17:21	And it came to pass, after they were departed, that they came up out of the well, and went and told king David, and said unto David, Arise, and pass quickly over the water: for thus hath Ahithophel counseled against you.	
2 Samuel 17:26	So Israel and Absalom pitched in the land of Gilead.	
2 Samuel 17:28	Brought beds, and basins, and earthen vessels, and wheat, and barley, and flour, and parched corn, and beans, and lentils, and parched pulse,	
2 Samuel 17:3	And I will bring back all the people unto thee: the man whom thou seekest is as if all returned: so all the people shall be in peace.	
2 Samuel 17:5	Then said Absalom, Call now Hushai the Archite also, and let us hear likewise what he saith.	
2 Samuel 17:7	And Hushai said unto Absalom, The counsel that Ahithophel hath given is not good at this time.	
2 Samuel 17:8	For, said Hushai, thou knowest thy father and his men, that they be mighty men, and they be chafed in their minds, as a bear robbed of her whelps in the field: and thy father is a man of war, and will not lodge with the people.	
2 Samuel 17:9	Behold, he is hid now in some pit, or in some other place: and it will come to pass, when some of them be overthrown at the first, that whosoever heareth it will say, There is a slaughter among the people that follow Absalom.	
2 Samuel 18:12	And the man said unto Joab, Though I should receive a thousand shekels of silver in mine hand, yet would I not put forth mine hand against the king's son: for in our hearing the king charged thee and Abishai and Ittai, saying, Beware that none touch the young man Absalom.	
2 Samuel 18:13	Otherwise I should have wrought falsehood against mine own life: for there is no matter hid from the king, and thou thyself wouldest have set thyself against me.	
2 Samuel 18:14	Then said Joab, I may not tarry thus with thee. And he took three darts in his hand, and thrust them through the heart of Absalom, while he was yet alive in the midst of the oak.	
2 Samuel 18:15	And ten young men that bare Joab's armor compassed about and smote Absalom, and slew him.	
2 Samuel 18:16	And Joab blew the trumpet, and the people returned from pursuing after Israel: for Joab held back the people.	
2 Samuel 18:19	Then said Ahimaaz the son of Zadok, Let me now run, and bear the king tidings, how that the LORD hath avenged him of his enemies.	
2 Samuel 18:2	And David sent forth a third part of the people under the hand of Joab, and a third part under the hand of Abishai the son of Zeruiah, Joab's brother, and a third part under the hand of Ittai the Gittite. And the king said unto the people, I will surely go forth with you myself also.	
2 Samuel 18:21	Then said Joab to Cushy, Go tell the king what thou hast seen. And Cushy bowed himself unto Joab, and ran.	
2 Samuel 18:24	And David sat between the two gates: and the watchman went up to the roof over the gate unto the wall, and lifted up his eyes, and looked, and behold a man running alone.	
2 Samuel 18:27	And the watchman said, Me thinketh the running of the foremost is like the running of Ahimaaz the son of Zadok. And the king said, He is a good man, and cometh with good tidings.	
2 Samuel 18:33	And the king was much moved, and went up to the chamber over the gate, and wept: and as he went, thus he said, O my son Absalom, my son, my son Absalom! would God I had died for thee, O Absalom, my son, my son!	
2 Samuel 18:7	Where the people of Israel were slain before the servants of David, and there was there a great slaughter that day of twenty thousand men.	
2 Samuel 18:8	For the battle was there scattered over the face of all the country: and the wood devoured more people that day than the sword devoured.	
2 Samuel 19:11	And king David sent to Zadok and to Abiathar the priests, saying, Speak unto the elders of Judah, saying, Why are ye the last to bring the king back to his house? seeing the speech of all Israel is come to the king, even to his house.	
2 Samuel 19:12	Ye are my brethren, ye are my bones and my flesh: wherefore then are ye the last to bring back the king?	
2 Samuel 19:15	So the king returned, and came to Jordan. And Judah came to Gilgal, to go to meet the king, to conduct the king over Jordan.	
2 Samuel 19:17	And there were a thousand men of Benjamin with him, and Ziba the servant of the house of Saul, and his fifteen sons and his twenty servants with him; and they went over Jordan before the king.	
2 Samuel 19:19	And said unto the king, Let not my lord impute iniquity unto me, neither do thou remember that which thy servant did perversely the day that my lord the king went out of Jerusalem, that the king should take it to his heart.	
2 Samuel 19:2	And the victory that day was turned into mourning unto all the people: for the people heard say that day how the king was grieved for his son.	
2 Samuel 19:20	For thy servant doth know that I have sinned: therefore, behold, I am come the first this day of all the house of Joseph to go down to meet my lord the king.	
2 Samuel 19:23	Therefore the king said unto Shimei, Thou shalt not die. And the king sware unto him.	
2 Samuel 19:25	And it came to pass, when he was come to Jerusalem to meet the king, that the king said unto him, Wherefore wentest not thou with me, Mephibosheth?	
2 Samuel 19:33	And the king said unto Barzillai, Come thou over with me, and I will feed thee with me in Jerusalem.	
2 Samuel 19:35	I am this day fourscore years old: and can I discern between good and evil? can thy servant taste what I eat or what I drink? can I hear any more the voice of singing men and singing women? wherefore then should thy servant be yet a burden unto my lord the king?	
2 Samuel 19:39	And all the people went over Jordan. And when the king was come over, the king kissed Barzillai, and blessed him; and he returned unto his own place.	
2 Samuel 19:42	And all the men of Judah answered the men of Israel, Because the king is near of kin to us: wherefore then be ye angry for this matter? have we eaten at all of the king's cost? or hath he given us any gift?	
2 Samuel 19:43	And the men of Israel answered the men of Judah, and said, We have ten parts in the king, and we have also more right in David than ye: why then did ye despise us, that our advice should not be first had in bringing back our king? And the words of the men of Judah were fiercer than the words of the men of Israel.	
2 Samuel 19:6	In that thou lovest thine enemies, and hatest thy friends. For thou hast declared this day, that thou regardest neither princes nor servants: for this day I perceive, that if Absalom had lived, and all we had died this day, then it had pleased thee well.	
2 Samuel 19:9	And all the people were at strife throughout all the tribes of Israel, saying, The king saved us out of the hand of our enemies, and he delivered us out of the hand of the Philistines; and now he is fled out of the land for Absalom.	
2 Samuel 1:12	And they mourned, and wept, and fasted until even, for Saul, and for Jonathan his son, and for the people of the LORD, and for the house of Israel; because they were fallen by the sword.	
2 Samuel 1:13	And David said unto the young man that told him, Whence art thou? And he answered, I am the son of a stranger, an Amalekite.	
2 Samuel 1:14	And David said unto him, How wast thou not afraid to stretch forth thine hand to destroy the LORD's anointed?	
2 Samuel 1:16	And David said unto him, Thy blood be upon thy head; for thy mouth hath testified against thee, saying, I have slain the LORD's anointed.	
2 Samuel 1:17	And David lamented with this lamentation over Saul and over Jonathan his son:	
2 Samuel 1:19	The beauty of Israel is slain upon thy high places: how are the mighty fallen!	
2 Samuel 1:23	Saul and Jonathan were lovely and pleasant in their lives, and in their death they were not divided: they were swifter than eagles, they were stronger than lions.	
2 Samuel 1:4	And David said unto him, How went the matter? I pray thee, tell me. And he answered, That the people are fled from the battle, and many of the people also are fallen and dead; and Saul and Jonathan his son are dead also.	
2 Samuel 1:6	And the young man that told him said, As I happened by chance upon mount Gilboa, behold, Saul leaned upon his spear; and, lo, the chariots and horsemen followed hard after him.	
2 Samuel 1:9	He said unto me again, Stand, I pray thee, upon me, and slay me: for anguish is come upon me, because my life is yet whole in me.	
2 Samuel 20:12	And Amasa wallowed in blood in the midst of the highway. And when the man saw that all the people stood still, he removed Amasa out of the highway into the field, and cast a cloth upon him, when he saw that every one that came by him stood still.	
2 Samuel 20:14	And he went through all the tribes of Israel unto Abel, and to Bethmaachah, and all the Berites: and they were gathered together, and went also after him.	
2 Samuel 20:17	And when he was come near unto her, the woman said, Art thou Joab? And he answered, I am he. Then she said unto him, Hear the words of thine handmaid. And he answered, I do hear.	
2 Samuel 20:25	And Sheva was scribe: and Zadok and Abiathar were the priests:	
2 Samuel 20:4	Then said the king to Amasa, Assemble me the men of Judah within three days, and be thou here present.	
2 Samuel 21:17	But Abishai the son of Zeruiah succored him, and smote the Philistine, and killed him. Then the men of David sware unto him, saying, Thou shalt go no more out with us to battle, that thou quench not the light of Israel.	
2 Samuel 21:22	These four were born to the giant in Gath, and fell by the hand of David, and by the hand of his servants.	
2 Samuel 22:1	And David spake unto the LORD the words of this song in the day that the LORD had delivered him out of the hand of all his enemies, and out of the hand of Saul:	
2 Samuel 22:13	Through the brightness before him were coals of fire kindled.	
2 Samuel 22:14	The LORD thundered from heaven, and the most High uttered his voice.	
2 Samuel 22:15	And he sent out arrows, and scattered them; lightning, and discomfited them.	
2 Samuel 22:17	He sent from above, he took me; he drew me out of many waters;	
2 Samuel 22:21	The LORD rewarded me according to my righteousness: according to the cleanness of my hands hath he recompensed me.	
2 Samuel 22:3	The God of my rock; in him will I trust: he is my shield, and the horn of my salvation, my high tower, and my refuge, my saviour; thou savest me from violence.	
2 Samuel 22:30	For by thee I have run through a troop: by my God have I leaped over a wall.	
2 Samuel 22:33	God is my strength and power: and he maketh my way perfect.	
2 Samuel 22:37	Thou hast enlarged my steps under me; so that my feet did not slip.	
2 Samuel 22:46	Strangers shall fade away, and they shall be afraid out of their close places.	
2 Samuel 22:47	The LORD liveth; and blessed be my rock; and exalted be the God of the rock of my salvation.	
2 Samuel 22:48	It is God that avengeth me, and that bringeth down the people under me.	
2 Samuel 23:13	And three of the thirty chief went down, and came to David in the harvest time unto the cave of Adullam: and the troop of the Philistines pitched in the valley of Rephaim.	
2 Samuel 23:18	And Abishai, the brother of Joab, the son of Zeruiah, was chief among three. And he lifted up his spear against three hundred, and slew them, and had the name among three.	
2 Samuel 23:21	And he slew an Egyptian, a goodly man: and the Egyptian had a spear in his hand; but he went down to him with a staff, and plucked the spear out of the Egyptian's hand, and slew him with his own spear.	
2 Samuel 23:22	These things did Benaiah the son of Jehoiada, and had the name among three mighty men.	
2 Samuel 23:24	Asahel the brother of Joab was one of the thirty; Elhanan the son of Dodo of Bethlehem,	
2 Samuel 23:3	The God of Israel said, the Rock of Israel spake to me, He that ruleth over men must be just, ruling in the fear of God.	
2 Samuel 23:33	Shammah the Hararite, Ahiam the son of Sharar the Hararite,	
2 Samuel 23:34	Eliphelet the son of Ahasbai, the son of the Maachathite, Eliam the son of Ahithophel the Gilonite,	
2 Samuel 23:38	Ira an Ithrite, Gareb an Ithrite,	
2 Samuel 23:4	And he shall be as the light of the morning, when the sun riseth, even a morning without clouds; as the tender grass springing out of the earth by clear shining after rain.	
2 Samuel 23:5	Although my house be not so with God; yet he hath made with me an everlasting covenant, ordered in all things, and sure: for this is all my salvation, and all my desire, although he make it not to grow.	
2 Samuel 24:16	And when the angel stretched out his hand upon Jerusalem to destroy it, the LORD repented him of the evil, and said to the angel that destroyed the people, It is enough: stay now thine hand. And the angel of the LORD was by the threshingplace of Araunah the Jebusite.	
2 Samuel 24:18	And Gad came that day to David, and said unto him, Go up, rear an altar unto the LORD in the threshingfloor of Araunah the Jebusite.	
2 Samuel 24:2	For the king said to Joab the captain of the host, which was with him, Go now through all the tribes of Israel, from Dan even to Beersheba, and number ye the people, that I may know the number of the people.	
2 Samuel 24:21	And Araunah said, Wherefore is my lord the king come to his servant? And David said, To buy the threshingfloor of thee, to build an altar unto the LORD, that the plague may be stayed from the people.	
2 Samuel 24:9	And Joab gave up the sum of the number of the people unto the king: and there were in Israel eight hundred thousand valiant men that drew the sword; and the men of Judah were five hundred thousand men.	
2 Samuel 2:10	Ishbosheth Saul's son was forty years old when he began to reign over Israel, and reigned two years. But the house of Judah followed David.	
2 Samuel 2:11	And the time that David was king in Hebron over the house of Judah was seven years and six months.	
2 Samuel 2:12	And Abner the son of Ner, and the servants of Ishbosheth the son of Saul, went out from Mahanaim to Gibeon.	
2 Samuel 2:15	Then there arose and went over by number twelve of Benjamin, which pertained to Ishbosheth the son of Saul, and twelve of the servants of David.	
2 Samuel 2:16	And they caught every one his fellow by the head, and thrust his sword in his fellow's side; so they fell down together: wherefore that place was called Helkathhazzurim, which is in Gibeon.	
2 Samuel 2:17	And there was a very sore battle that day; and Abner was beaten, and the men of Israel, before the servants of David.	
2 Samuel 2:20	Then Abner looked behind him, and said, Art thou Asahel? And he answered, I am.	
2 Samuel 2:22	And Abner said again to Asahel, Turn thee aside from following me: wherefore should I smite thee to the ground? how then should I hold up my face to Joab thy brother?	
2 Samuel 2:25	And the children of Benjamin gathered themselves together after Abner, and became one troop, and stood on the top of an hill.	
2 Samuel 2:27	And Joab said, As God liveth, unless thou hadst spoken, surely then in the morning the people had gone up every one from following his brother.	
2 Samuel 2:28	So Joab blew a trumpet, and all the people stood still, and pursued after Israel no more, neither fought they any more.	
2 Samuel 2:29	And Abner and his men walked all that night through the plain, and passed over Jordan, and went through all Bithron, and they came to Mahanaim.	
2 Samuel 2:31	But the servants of David had smitten of Benjamin, and of Abner's men, so that three hundred and threescore men died.	
2 Samuel 2:32	And they took up Asahel, and buried him in the sepulchre of his father, which was in Bethlehem. And Joab and his men went all night, and they came to Hebron at break of day.	
2 Samuel 2:8	But Abner the son of Ner, captain of Saul's host, took Ishbosheth the son of Saul, and brought him over to Mahanaim;	
2 Samuel 3:10	To translate the kingdom from the house of Saul, and to set up the throne of David over Israel and over Judah, from Dan even to Beersheba.	
2 Samuel 3:2	And unto David were sons born in Hebron: and his firstborn was Amnon, of Ahinoam the Jezreelitess;	
2 Samuel 3:21	And Abner said unto David, I will arise and go, and will gather all Israel unto my lord the king, that they may make a league with thee, and that thou mayest reign over all that thine heart desireth. And David sent Abner away; and he went in peace.	
2 Samuel 3:23	When Joab and all the host that was with him were come, they told Joab, saying, Abner the son of Ner came to the king, and he hath sent him away, and he is gone in peace.	
2 Samuel 3:24	Then Joab came to the king, and said, What hast thou done? behold, Abner came unto thee; why is it that thou hast sent him away, and he is quite gone?	
2 Samuel 3:27	And when Abner was returned to Hebron, Joab took him aside in the gate to speak with him quietly, and smote him there under the fifth rib, that he died, for the blood of Asahel his brother.	
2 Samuel 3:28	And afterward when David heard it, he said, I and my kingdom are guiltless before the LORD for ever from the blood of Abner the son of Ner:	
2 Samuel 3:31	And David said to Joab, and to all the people that were with him, Rend your clothes, and gird you with sackcloth, and mourn before Abner. And king David himself followed the bier.	
2 Samuel 3:32	And they buried Abner in Hebron: and the king lifted up his voice, and wept at the grave of Abner; and all the people wept.	
2 Samuel 3:35	And when all the people came to cause David to eat meat while it was yet day, David sware, saying, So do God to me, and more also, if I taste bread, or ought else, till the sun be down.	
2 Samuel 3:36	And all the people took notice of it, and it pleased them: as whatsoever the king did pleased all the people.	
2 Samuel 4:12	And David commanded his young men, and they slew them, and cut off their hands and their feet, and hanged them up over the pool in Hebron. But they took the head of Ishbosheth, and buried it in the sepulchre of Abner in Hebron.	
2 Samuel 5:10	And David went on, and grew great, and the LORD God of hosts was with him.	
2 Samuel 5:16	And Elishama, and Eliada, and Eliphalet.	
2 Samuel 5:19	And David inquired of the LORD, saying, Shall I go up to the Philistines? wilt thou deliver them into mine hand? And the LORD said unto David, Go up: for I will doubtless deliver the Philistines into thine hand.	
2 Samuel 5:2	Also in time past, when Saul was king over us, thou wast he that leddest out and broughtest in Israel: and the LORD said to thee, Thou shalt feed my people Israel, and thou shalt be a captain over Israel.	
2 Samuel 5:24	And let it be, when thou hearest the sound of a going in the tops of the mulberry trees, that then thou shalt bestir thyself: for then shall the LORD go out before thee, to smite the host of the Philistines.	
2 Samuel 5:5	In Hebron he reigned over Judah seven years and six months: and in Jerusalem he reigned thirty and three years over all Israel and Judah.	
2 Samuel 6:11	And the ark of the LORD continued in the house of Obededom the Gittite three months: and the LORD blessed Obededom, and all his household.	
2 Samuel 6:12	And it was told king David, saying, The LORD hath blessed the house of Obededom, and all that pertaineth unto him, because of the ark of God. So David went and brought up the ark of God from the house of Obededom into the city of David with gladness.	
2 Samuel 6:14	And David danced before the LORD with all his might; and David was girded with a linen ephod.	
2 Samuel 6:15	So David and all the house of Israel brought up the ark of the LORD with shouting, and with the sound of the trumpet.	
2 Samuel 6:23	Therefore Michal the daughter of Saul had no child unto the day of her death.	
2 Samuel 6:8	And David was displeased, because the LORD had made a breach upon Uzzah: and he called the name of the place Perezuzzah to this day.	
2 Samuel 7:13	He shall build an house for my name, and I will stablish the throne of his kingdom for ever.	
2 Samuel 7:17	According to all these words, and according to all this vision, so did Nathan speak unto David.	
2 Samuel 7:18	Then went king David in, and sat before the LORD, and he said, Who am I, O Lord GOD? and what is my house, that thou hast brought me hitherto?	
2 Samuel 7:22	Wherefore thou art great, O LORD God: for there is none like thee, neither is there any God beside thee, according to all that we have heard with our ears.	
2 Samuel 7:26	And let thy name be magnified for ever, saying, The LORD of hosts is the God over Israel: and let the house of thy servant David be established before thee.	
2 Samuel 7:5	Go and tell my servant David, Thus saith the LORD, Shalt thou build me an house for me to dwell in?	
2 Samuel 7:6	Whereas I have not dwelt in any house since the time that I brought up the children of Israel out of Egypt, even to this day, but have walked in a tent and in a tabernacle.	
2 Samuel 7:8	Now therefore so shalt thou say unto my servant David, Thus saith the LORD of hosts, I took thee from the sheepcote, from following the sheep, to be ruler over my people, over Israel:	
2 Samuel 8:10	Then Toi sent Joram his son unto king David, to salute him, and to bless him, because he had fought against Hadadezer, and smitten him: for Hadadezer had wars with Toi. And Joram brought with him vessels of silver, and vessels of gold, and vessels of brass:	
2 Samuel 8:13	And David gat him a name when he returned from smiting of the Syrians in the valley of salt, being eighteen thousand men.	
2 Samuel 8:3	David smote also Hadadezer, the son of Rehob, king of Zobah, as he went to recover his border at the river Euphrates.	
2 Samuel 8:7	And David took the shields of gold that were on the servants of Hadadezer, and brought them to Jerusalem.	
2 Samuel 8:9	When Toi king of Hamath heard that David had smitten all the host of Hadadezer,	
2 Samuel 9:3	And the king said, Is there not yet any of the house of Saul, that I may show the kindness of God unto him? And Ziba said unto the king, Jonathan hath yet a son, which is lame on his feet.	
2 Samuel 9:4	And the king said unto him, Where is he? And Ziba said unto the king, Behold, he is in the house of Machir, the son of Ammiel, in Lodebar.	
2 Samuel 9:5	Then king David sent, and fetched him out of the house of Machir, the son of Ammiel, from Lodebar.	
2 Samuel 9:8	And he bowed himself, and said, What is thy servant, that thou shouldest look upon such a dead dog as I am?	
2 Samuel 9:9	Then the king called to Ziba, Saul's servant, and said unto him, I have given unto thy master's son all that pertained to Saul and to all his house.	
2 Thessalonians 1:10	When he shall come to be glorified in his saints, and to be admired in all them that believe (because our testimony among you was believed) in that day.	
2 Thessalonians 1:12	That the name of our Lord Jesus Christ may be glorified in you, and ye in him, according to the grace of our God and the Lord Jesus Christ.	
2 Thessalonians 1:6	Seeing it is a righteous thing with God to recompense tribulation to them that trouble you;	
2 Thessalonians 1:8	In flaming fire taking vengeance on them that know not God, and that obey not the gospel of our Lord Jesus Christ:	
2 Thessalonians 1:9	Who shall be punished with everlasting destruction from the presence of the Lord, and from the glory of his power;	
2 Thessalonians 2:1	Now we beseech you, brethren, by the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ, and by our gathering together unto him,	
2 Thessalonians 2:11	And for this cause God shall send them strong delusion, that they should believe a lie:	
2 Thessalonians 3:1	Finally, brethren, pray for us, that the word of the Lord may have free course, and be glorified, even as it is with you:	
2 Thessalonians 3:17	The salutation of Paul with mine own hand, which is the token in every epistle: so I write.	
2 Thessalonians 3:3	But the Lord is faithful, who shall stablish you, and keep you from evil.	
2 Thessalonians 3:7	For yourselves know how ye ought to follow us: for we behaved not ourselves disorderly among you;	
2 Thessalonians 3:9	Not because we have not power, but to make ourselves an ensample unto you to follow us.	
2 Timothy 1:12	For the which cause I also suffer these things: nevertheless I am not ashamed: for I know whom I have believed, and am persuaded that he is able to keep that which I have committed unto him against that day.	
2 Timothy 1:16	The Lord give mercy unto the house of Onesiphorus; for he oft refreshed me, and was not ashamed of my chain:	
2 Timothy 1:3	I thank God, whom I serve from my forefathers with pure conscience, that without ceasing I have remembrance of thee in my prayers night and day;	
2 Timothy 1:4	Greatly desiring to see thee, being mindful of thy tears, that I may be filled with joy;	
2 Timothy 1:9	Who hath saved us, and called us with an holy calling, not according to our works, but according to his own purpose and grace, which was given us in Christ Jesus before the world began,	
2 Timothy 2:1	Thou therefore, my son, be strong in the grace that is in Christ Jesus.	
2 Timothy 2:10	Therefore I endure all things for the elect's sakes, that they may also obtain the salvation which is in Christ Jesus with eternal glory.	
2 Timothy 2:12	If we suffer, we shall also reign with him: if we deny him, he also will deny us:	
2 Timothy 2:24	And the servant of the Lord must not strive; but be gentle unto all men, apt to teach, patient,	
2 Timothy 2:6	The husbandman that laboureth must be first partaker of the fruits.	
2 Timothy 2:7	Consider what I say; and the Lord give thee understanding in all things.	
2 Timothy 2:8	Remember that Jesus Christ of the seed of David was raised from the dead according to my gospel:	
2 Timothy 3:10	But thou hast fully known my doctrine, manner of life, purpose, faith, longsuffering, charity, patience,	
2 Timothy 3:11	Persecutions, afflictions, which came unto me at Antioch, at Iconium, at Lystra; what persecutions I endured: but out of them all the Lord delivered me.	
2 Timothy 3:4	Traitors, heady, highminded, lovers of pleasures more than lovers of God;	
2 Timothy 4:11	Only Luke is with me. Take Mark, and bring him with thee: for he is profitable to me for the ministry.	
2 Timothy 4:16	At my first answer no man stood with me, but all men forsook me: I pray God that it may not be laid to their charge.	
2 Timothy 4:17	Notwithstanding the Lord stood with me, and strengthened me; that by me the preaching might be fully known, and that all the Gentiles might hear: and I was delivered out of the mouth of the lion.	
2 Timothy 4:20	Erastus abode at Corinth: but Trophimus have I left at Miletum sick.	
2 Timothy 4:21	Do thy diligence to come before winter. Eubulus greeteth thee, and Pudens, and Linus, and Claudia, and all the brethren.	
2 Timothy 4:6	For I am now ready to be offered, and the time of my departure is at hand.	
2 Timothy 4:8	Henceforth there is laid up for me a crown of righteousness, which the Lord, the righteous judge, shall give me at that day: and not to me only, but unto all them also that love his appearing.	
3 John 1:12	Demetrius hath good report of all men, and of the truth itself: yea, and we also bear record; and ye know that our record is true.	
3 John 1:4	I have no greater joy than to hear that my children walk in truth.	
Acts 10:13	And there came a voice to him, Rise, Peter; kill, and eat.	
Acts 10:14	But Peter said, Not so, Lord; for I have never eaten any thing that is common or unclean.	
Acts 10:2	A devout man, and one that feared God with all his house, which gave much alms to the people, and prayed to God alway.	
Acts 10:29	Therefore came I unto you without gainsaying, as soon as I was sent for: I ask therefore for what intent ye have sent for me?	
Acts 10:36	The word which God sent unto the children of Israel, preaching peace by Jesus Christ: (he is Lord of all:)	
Acts 10:38	How God anointed Jesus of Nazareth with the Holy Ghost and with power: who went about doing good, and healing all that were oppressed of the devil; for God was with him.	
Acts 10:39	And we are witnesses of all things which he did both in the land of the Jews, and in Jerusalem; whom they slew and hanged on a tree:	
Acts 10:40	Him God raised up the third day, and shewed him openly;	
Acts 10:44	While Peter yet spake these words, the Holy Ghost fell on all them which heard the word.	
Acts 10:5	And now send men to Joppa, and call for one Simon, whose surname is Peter:	
Acts 10:6	He lodgeth with one Simon a tanner, whose house is by the sea side: he shall tell thee what thou oughtest to do.	
Acts 10:8	And when he had declared all these things unto them, he sent them to Joppa.	
Acts 11:11	And, behold, immediately there were three men already come unto the house where I was, sent from Caesarea unto me.	
Acts 11:13	And he shewed us how he had seen an angel in his house, which stood and said unto him, Send men to Joppa, and call for Simon, whose surname is Peter;	
Acts 11:17	Forasmuch then as God gave them the like gift as he did unto us, who believed on the Lord Jesus Christ; what was I, that I could withstand God?	
Acts 11:19	Now they which were scattered abroad upon the persecution that arose about Stephen travelled as far as Phenice, and Cyprus, and Antioch, preaching the word to none but unto the Jews only.	
Acts 11:28	And there stood up one of them named Agabus, and signified by the Spirit that there should be great dearth throughout all the world: which came to pass in the days of Claudius Caesar.	
Acts 11:29	Then the disciples, every man according to his ability, determined to send relief unto the brethren which dwelt in Judaea:	
Acts 11:3	Saying, Thou wentest in to men uncircumcised, and didst eat with them.	
Acts 11:6	Upon the which when I had fastened mine eyes, I considered, and saw fourfooted beasts of the earth, and wild beasts, and creeping things, and fowls of the air.	
Acts 12:1	Now about that time Herod the king stretched forth his hands to vex certain of the church.	
Acts 12:13	And as Peter knocked at the door of the gate, a damsel came to hearken, named Rhoda.	
Acts 12:14	And when she knew Peter's voice, she opened not the gate for gladness, but ran in, and told how Peter stood before the gate.	
Acts 12:17	But he, beckoning unto them with the hand to hold their peace, declared unto them how the Lord had brought him out of the prison. And he said, Go shew these things unto James, and to the brethren. And he departed, and went into another place.	
Acts 12:18	Now as soon as it was day, there was no small stir among the soldiers, what was become of Peter.	
Acts 13:11	And now, behold, the hand of the Lord is upon thee, and thou shalt be blind, not seeing the sun for a season. And immediately there fell on him a mist and a darkness; and he went about seeking some to lead him by the hand.	
Acts 13:14	But when they departed from Perga, they came to Antioch in Pisidia, and went into the synagogue on the sabbath day, and sat down.	
Acts 13:15	And after the reading of the law and the prophets the rulers of the synagogue sent unto them, saying, Ye men and brethren, if ye have any word of exhortation for the people, say on.	
Acts 13:16	Then Paul stood up, and beckoning with his hand said, Men of Israel, and ye that fear God, give audience.	
Acts 13:19	And when he had destroyed seven nations in the land of Chanaan, he divided their land to them by lot.	
Acts 13:22	And when he had removed him, he raised up unto them David to be their king; to whom also he gave their testimony, and said, I have found David the son of Jesse, a man after mine own heart, which shall fulfil all my will.	
Acts 13:26	Men and brethren, children of the stock of Abraham, and whosoever among you feareth God, to you is the word of this salvation sent.	
Acts 13:27	For they that dwell at Jerusalem, and their rulers, because they knew him not, nor yet the voices of the prophets which are read every sabbath day, they have fulfilled them in condemning him.	
Acts 13:29	And when they had fulfilled all that was written of him, they took him down from the tree, and laid him in a sepulchre.	
Acts 13:32	And we declare unto you glad tidings, how that the promise which was made unto the fathers,	
Acts 13:38	Be it known unto you therefore, men and brethren, that through this man is preached unto you the forgiveness of sins:	
Acts 13:4	So they, being sent forth by the Holy Ghost, departed unto Seleucia; and from thence they sailed to Cyprus.	
Acts 13:42	And when the Jews were gone out of the synagogue, the Gentiles besought that these words might be preached to them the next sabbath.	
Acts 13:43	Now when the congregation was broken up, many of the Jews and religious proselytes followed Paul and Barnabas: who, speaking to them, persuaded them to continue in the grace of God.	
Acts 13:46	Then Paul and Barnabas waxed bold, and said, It was necessary that the word of God should first have been spoken to you: but seeing ye put it from you, and judge yourselves unworthy of everlasting life, lo, we turn to the Gentiles.	
Acts 13:48	And when the Gentiles heard this, they were glad, and glorified the word of the Lord: and as many as were ordained to eternal life believed.	
Acts 14:10	Said with a loud voice, Stand upright on thy feet. And he leaped and walked.	
Acts 14:12	And they called Barnabas, Jupiter; and Paul, Mercurius, because he was the chief speaker.	
Acts 14:24	And after they had passed throughout Pisidia, they came to Pamphylia.	
Acts 14:25	And when they had preached the word in Perga, they went down into Attalia:	
Acts 14:9	The same heard Paul speak: who stedfastly beholding him, and perceiving that he had faith to be healed,	
Acts 15:1	And certain men which came down from Judaea taught the brethren, and said, Except ye be circumcised after the manner of Moses, ye cannot be saved.	
Acts 15:10	Now therefore why tempt ye God, to put a yoke upon the neck of the disciples, which neither our fathers nor we were able to bear?	
Acts 15:2	When therefore Paul and Barnabas had no small dissension and disputation with them, they determined that Paul and Barnabas, and certain other of them, should go up to Jerusalem unto the apostles and elders about this question.	
Acts 15:23	And they wrote letters by them after this manner; The apostles and elders and brethren send greeting unto the brethren which are of the Gentiles in Antioch and Syria and Cilicia.	
Acts 15:25	It seemed good unto us, being assembled with one accord, to send chosen men unto you with our beloved Barnabas and Paul,	
Acts 15:26	Men that have hazarded their lives for the name of our Lord Jesus Christ.	
Acts 15:28	For it seemed good to the Holy Ghost, and to us, to lay upon you no greater burden than these necessary things;	
Acts 15:30	So when they were dismissed, they came to Antioch: and when they had gathered the multitude together, they delivered the epistle:	
Acts 15:32	And Judas and Silas, being prophets also themselves, exhorted the brethren with many words, and confirmed them.	
Acts 15:34	Notwithstanding it pleased Silas to abide there still.	
Acts 15:40	And Paul chose Silas, and departed, being recommended by the brethren unto the grace of God.	
Acts 15:41	And he went through Syria and Cilicia, confirming the churches.	
Acts 15:5	But there rose up certain of the sect of the Pharisees which believed, saying, That it was needful to circumcise them, and to command them to keep the law of Moses.	
Acts 15:9	And put no difference between us and them, purifying their hearts by faith.	
Acts 16:10	And after he had seen the vision, immediately we endeavoured to go into Macedonia, assuredly gathering that the Lord had called us for to preach the gospel unto them.	
Acts 16:14	And a certain woman named Lydia, a seller of purple, of the city of Thyatira, which worshipped God, heard us: whose heart the Lord opened, that she attended unto the things which were spoken of Paul.	
Acts 16:16	And it came to pass, as we went to prayer, a certain damsel possessed with a spirit of divination met us, which brought her masters much gain by soothsaying:	
Acts 16:26	And suddenly there was a great earthquake, so that the foundations of the prison were shaken: and immediately all the doors were opened, and every one's bands were loosed.	
Acts 16:29	Then he called for a light, and sprang in, and came trembling, and fell down before Paul and Silas,	
Acts 16:32	And they spake unto him the word of the Lord, and to all that were in his house.	
Acts 17:14	And then immediately the brethren sent away Paul to go as it were to the sea: but Silas and Timotheus abode there still.	
Acts 17:17	Therefore disputed he in the synagogue with the Jews, and with the devout persons, and in the market daily with them that met with him.	
Acts 17:18	Then certain philosophers of the Epicureans, and of the Stoicks, encountered him. And some said, What will this babbler say? other some, He seemeth to be a setter forth of strange gods: because he preached unto them Jesus, and the resurrection.	
Acts 17:19	And they took him, and brought him unto Areopagus, saying, May we know what this new doctrine, whereof thou speakest, is?	
Acts 17:20	For thou bringest certain strange things to our ears: we would know therefore what these things mean.	
Acts 17:26	And hath made of one blood all nations of men for to dwell on all the face of the earth, and hath determined the times before appointed, and the bounds of their habitation;	
Acts 17:32	And when they heard of the resurrection of the dead, some mocked: and others said, We will hear thee again of this matter.	
Acts 17:33	So Paul departed from among them.	
Acts 18:10	For I am with thee, and no man shall set on thee to hurt thee: for I have much people in this city.	
Acts 18:11	And he continued there a year and six months, teaching the word of God among them.	
Acts 18:2	And found a certain Jew named Aquila, born in Pontus, lately come from Italy, with his wife Priscilla; (because that Claudius had commanded all Jews to depart from Rome:) and came unto them.	
Acts 18:23	And after he had spent some time there, he departed, and went over all the country of Galatia and Phrygia in order, strengthening all the disciples.	
Acts 18:25	This man was instructed in the way of the Lord; and being fervent in the spirit, he spake and taught diligently the things of the Lord, knowing only the baptism of John.	
Acts 18:8	And Crispus, the chief ruler of the synagogue, believed on the Lord with all his house; and many of the Corinthians hearing believed, and were baptized.	
Acts 19:11	And God wrought special miracles by the hands of Paul:	
Acts 19:14	And there were seven sons of one Sceva, a Jew, and chief of the priests, which did so.	
Acts 19:18	And many that believed came, and confessed, and shewed their deeds.	
Acts 19:23	And the same time there arose no small stir about that way.	
Acts 19:30	And when Paul would have entered in unto the people, the disciples suffered him not.	
Acts 19:31	And certain of the chief of Asia, which were his friends, sent unto him, desiring him that he would not adventure himself into the theatre.	
Acts 19:5	When they heard this, they were baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus.	
Acts 19:7	And all the men were about twelve.	
Acts 19:8	And he went into the synagogue, and spake boldly for the space of three months, disputing and persuading the things concerning the kingdom of God.	
Acts 1:11	Which also said, Ye men of Galilee, why stand ye gazing up into heaven? this same Jesus, which is taken up from you into heaven, shall so come in like manner as ye have seen him go into heaven.	
Acts 1:15	And in those days Peter stood up in the midst of the disciples, and said, (the number of names together were about an hundred and twenty,)	
Acts 1:16	Men and brethren, this scripture must needs have been fulfilled, which the Holy Ghost by the mouth of David spake before concerning Judas, which was guide to them that took Jesus.	
Acts 1:26	And they gave forth their lots; and the lot fell upon Matthias; and he was numbered with the eleven apostles.	
Acts 1:4	And, being assembled together with them, commanded them that they should not depart from Jerusalem, but wait for the promise of the Father, which, saith he, ye have heard of me.	
Acts 1:6	When they therefore were come together, they asked of him, saying, Lord, wilt thou at this time restore again the kingdom to Israel?	
Acts 1:9	And when he had spoken these things, while they beheld, he was taken up; and a cloud received him out of their sight.	
Acts 20:13	And we went before to ship, and sailed unto Assos, there intending to take in Paul: for so had he appointed, minding himself to go afoot.	
Acts 20:20	And how I kept back nothing that was profitable unto you, but have shewed you, and have taught you publickly, and from house to house,	
Acts 20:24	But none of these things move me, neither count I my life dear unto myself, so that I might finish my course with joy, and the ministry, which I have received of the Lord Jesus, to testify the gospel of the grace of God.	
Acts 20:26	Wherefore I take you to record this day, that I am pure from the blood of all men.	
Acts 20:27	For I have not shunned to declare unto you all the counsel of God.	
Acts 20:37	And they all wept sore, and fell on Paul's neck, and kissed him,	
Acts 20:38	Sorrowing most of all for the words which he spake, that they should see his face no more. And they accompanied him unto the ship.	
Acts 20:5	These going before tarried for us at Troas.	
Acts 20:7	And upon the first day of the week, when the disciples came together to break bread, Paul preached unto them, ready to depart on the morrow; and continued his speech until midnight.	
Acts 21:10	And as we tarried there many days, there came down from Judaea a certain prophet, named Agabus.	
Acts 21:13	Then Paul answered, What mean ye to weep and to break mine heart? for I am ready not to be bound only, but also to die at Jerusalem for the name of the Lord Jesus.	
Acts 21:17	And when we were come to Jerusalem, the brethren received us gladly.	
Acts 21:18	And the day following Paul went in with us unto James; and all the elders were present.	
Acts 21:19	And when he had saluted them, he declared particularly what things God had wrought among the Gentiles by his ministry.	
Acts 21:2	And finding a ship sailing over unto Phenicia, we went aboard, and set forth.	
Acts 21:20	And when they heard it, they glorified the Lord, and said unto him, Thou seest, brother, how many thousands of Jews there are which believe; and they are all zealous of the law:	
Acts 21:31	And as they went about to kill him, tidings came unto the chief captain of the band, that all Jerusalem was in an uproar.	
Acts 21:34	And some cried one thing, some another, among the multitude: and when he could not know the certainty for the tumult, he commanded him to be carried into the castle.	
Acts 21:37	And as Paul was to be led into the castle, he said unto the chief captain, May I speak unto thee? Who said, Canst thou speak Greek?	
Acts 21:39	But Paul said, I am a man which am a Jew of Tarsus, a city in Cilicia, a citizen of no mean city: and, I beseech thee, suffer me to speak unto the people.	
Acts 21:4	And finding disciples, we tarried there seven days: who said to Paul through the Spirit, that he should not go up to Jerusalem.	
Acts 22:12	And one Ananias, a devout man according to the law, having a good report of all the Jews which dwelt there,	
Acts 22:15	For thou shalt be his witness unto all men of what thou hast seen and heard.	
Acts 22:18	And saw him saying unto me, Make haste, and get thee quickly out of Jerusalem: for they will not receive thy testimony concerning me.	
Acts 22:22	And they gave him audience unto this word, and then lifted up their voices, and said, Away with such a fellow from the earth: for it is not fit that he should live.	
Acts 22:30	On the morrow, because he would have known the certainty wherefore he was accused of the Jews, he loosed him from his bands, and commanded the chief priests and all their council to appear, and brought Paul down, and set him before them.	
Acts 22:4	And I persecuted this way unto the death, binding and delivering into prisons both men and women.	
Acts 22:7	And I fell unto the ground, and heard a voice saying unto me, Saul, Saul, why persecutest thou me?	
Acts 23:13	And they were more than forty which had made this conspiracy.	
Acts 23:17	Then Paul called one of the centurions unto him, and said, Bring this young man unto the chief captain: for he hath a certain thing to tell him.	
Acts 23:20	And he said, The Jews have agreed to desire thee that thou wouldest bring down Paul to morrow into the council, as though they would enquire somewhat of him more perfectly.	
Acts 23:23	And he called unto him two centurions, saying, Make ready two hundred soldiers to go to Caesarea, and horsemen threescore and ten, and spearmen two hundred, at the third hour of the night;	
Acts 23:24	And provide them beasts, that they may set Paul on, and bring him safe unto Felix the governor.	
Acts 24:1	And after five days Ananias the high priest descended with the elders, and with a certain orator named Tertullus, who informed the governor against Paul.	
Acts 24:11	Because that thou mayest understand, that there are yet but twelve days since I went up to Jerusalem for to worship.	
Acts 24:13	Neither can they prove the things whereof they now accuse me.	
Acts 24:14	But this I confess unto thee, that after the way which they call heresy, so worship I the God of my fathers, believing all things which are written in the law and in the prophets:	
Acts 24:22	And when Felix heard these things, having more perfect knowledge of that way, he deferred them, and said, When Lysias the chief captain shall come down, I will know the uttermost of your matter.	
Acts 24:24	And after certain days, when Felix came with his wife Drusilla, which was a Jewess, he sent for Paul, and heard him concerning the faith in Christ.	
Acts 24:4	Notwithstanding, that I be not further tedious unto thee, I pray thee that thou wouldest hear us of thy clemency a few words.	
Acts 24:8	Commanding his accusers to come unto thee: by examining of whom thyself mayest take knowledge of all these things, whereof we accuse him.	
Acts 24:9	And the Jews also assented, saying that these things were so.	
Acts 25:13	And after certain days king Agrippa and Bernice came unto Caesarea to salute Festus.	
Acts 25:20	And because I doubted of such manner of questions, I asked him whether he would go to Jerusalem, and there be judged of these matters.	
Acts 25:21	But when Paul had appealed to be reserved unto the hearing of Augustus, I commanded him to be kept till I might send him to Caesar.	
Acts 25:23	And on the morrow, when Agrippa was come, and Bernice, with great pomp, and was entered into the place of hearing, with the chief captains, and principal men of the city, at Festus' commandment Paul was brought forth.	
Acts 25:27	For it seemeth to me unreasonable to send a prisoner, and not withal to signify the crimes laid against him.	
Acts 25:6	And when he had tarried among them more than ten days, he went down unto Caesarea; and the next day sitting on the judgment seat commanded Paul to be brought.	
Acts 25:7	And when he was come, the Jews which came down from Jerusalem stood round about, and laid many and grievous complaints against Paul, which they could not prove.	
Acts 26:18	To open their eyes, and to turn them from darkness to light, and from the power of Satan unto God, that they may receive forgiveness of sins, and inheritance among them which are sanctified by faith that is in me.	
Acts 26:2	I think myself happy, king Agrippa, because I shall answer for myself this day before thee touching all the things whereof I am accused of the Jews:	
Acts 26:26	For the king knoweth of these things, before whom also I speak freely: for I am persuaded that none of these things are hidden from him; for this thing was not done in a corner.	
Acts 26:30	And when he had thus spoken, the king rose up, and the governor, and Bernice, and they that sat with them:	
Acts 26:4	My manner of life from my youth, which was at the first among mine own nation at Jerusalem, know all the Jews;	
Acts 26:5	Which knew me from the beginning, if they would testify, that after the most straitest sect of our religion I lived a Pharisee.	
Acts 26:9	I verily thought with myself, that I ought to do many things contrary to the name of Jesus of Nazareth.	
Acts 27:1	And when it was determined that we should sail into Italy, they delivered Paul and certain other prisoners unto one named Julius, a centurion of Augustus' band.	
Acts 27:13	And when the south wind blew softly, supposing that they had obtained their purpose, loosing thence, they sailed close by Crete.	
Acts 27:15	And when the ship was caught, and could not bear up into the wind, we let her drive.	
Acts 27:17	Which when they had taken up, they used helps, undergirding the ship; and, fearing lest they should fall into the quicksands, strake sail, and so were driven.	
Acts 27:21	But after long abstinence Paul stood forth in the midst of them, and said, Sirs, ye should have hearkened unto me, and not have loosed from Crete, and to have gained this harm and loss.	
Acts 27:23	For there stood by me this night the angel of God, whose I am, and whom I serve,	
Acts 27:3	And the next day we touched at Sidon. And Julius courteously entreated Paul, and gave him liberty to go unto his friends to refresh himself.	
Acts 27:31	Paul said to the centurion and to the soldiers, Except these abide in the ship, ye cannot be saved.	
Acts 27:34	Wherefore I pray you to take some meat: for this is for your health: for there shall not an hair fall from the head of any of you.	
Acts 27:4	And when we had launched from thence, we sailed under Cyprus, because the winds were contrary.	
Acts 27:40	And when they had taken up the anchors, they committed themselves unto the sea, and loosed the rudder bands, and hoised up the mainsail to the wind, and made toward shore.	
Acts 27:7	And when we had sailed slowly many days, and scarce were come over against Cnidus, the wind not suffering us, we sailed under Crete, over against Salmone;	
Acts 28:16	And when we came to Rome, the centurion delivered the prisoners to the captain of the guard: but Paul was suffered to dwell by himself with a soldier that kept him.	
Acts 28:17	And it came to pass, that after three days Paul called the chief of the Jews together: and when they were come together, he said unto them, Men and brethren, though I have committed nothing against the people, or customs of our fathers, yet was I delivered prisoner from Jerusalem into the hands of the Romans.	
Acts 28:19	But when the Jews spake against it, I was constrained to appeal unto Caesar; not that I had ought to accuse my nation of.	
Acts 28:21	And they said unto him, We neither received letters out of Judaea concerning thee, neither any of the brethren that came shewed or spake any harm of thee.	
Acts 28:22	But we desire to hear of thee what thou thinkest: for as concerning this sect, we know that every where it is spoken against.	
Acts 28:25	And when they agreed not among themselves, they departed, after that Paul had spoken one word, Well spake the Holy Ghost by Esaias the prophet unto our fathers,	
Acts 28:27	For the heart of this people is waxed gross, and their ears are dull of hearing, and their eyes have they closed; lest they should see with their eyes, and hear with their ears, and understand with their heart, and should be converted, and I should heal them.	
Acts 28:3	And when Paul had gathered a bundle of sticks, and laid them on the fire, there came a viper out of the heat, and fastened on his hand.	
Acts 28:9	So when this was done, others also, which had diseases in the island, came, and were healed:	
Acts 2:10	Phrygia, and Pamphylia, in Egypt, and in the parts of Libya about Cyrene, and strangers of Rome, Jews and proselytes,	
Acts 2:18	And on my servants and on my handmaidens I will pour out in those days of my Spirit; and they shall prophesy:	
Acts 2:24	Whom God hath raised up, having loosed the pains of death: because it was not possible that he should be holden of it.	
Acts 2:32	This Jesus hath God raised up, whereof we all are witnesses.	
Acts 2:35	Until I make thy foes thy footstool.	
Acts 2:36	Therefore let all the house of Israel know assuredly, that God hath made the same Jesus, whom ye have crucified, both Lord and Christ.	
Acts 2:38	Then Peter said unto them, Repent, and be baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins, and ye shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost.	
Acts 2:42	And they continued stedfastly in the apostles' doctrine and fellowship, and in breaking of bread, and in prayers.	
Acts 2:43	And fear came upon every soul: and many wonders and signs were done by the apostles.	
Acts 2:45	And sold their possessions and goods, and parted them to all men, as every man had need.	
Acts 3:10	And they knew that it was he which sat for alms at the Beautiful gate of the temple: and they were filled with wonder and amazement at that which had happened unto him.	
Acts 3:2	And a certain man lame from his mother's womb was carried, whom they laid daily at the gate of the temple which is called Beautiful, to ask alms of them that entered into the temple;	
Acts 3:6	Then Peter said, Silver and gold have I none; but such as I have give I thee: In the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth rise up and walk.	
Acts 4:1	And as they spake unto the people, the priests, and the captain of the temple, and the Sadducees, came upon them,	
Acts 4:12	Neither is there salvation in any other: for there is none other name under heaven given among men, whereby we must be saved.	
Acts 4:14	And beholding the man which was healed standing with them, they could say nothing against it.	
Acts 4:24	And when they heard that, they lifted up their voice to God with one accord, and said, Lord, thou art God, which hast made heaven, and earth, and the sea, and all that in them is:	
Acts 4:26	The kings of the earth stood up, and the rulers were gathered together against the Lord, and against his Christ.	
Acts 4:30	By stretching forth thine hand to heal; and that signs and wonders may be done by the name of thy holy child Jesus.	
Acts 4:35	And laid them down at the apostles' feet: and distribution was made unto every man according as he had need.	
Acts 4:8	Then Peter, filled with the Holy Ghost, said unto them, Ye rulers of the people, and elders of Israel,	
Acts 5:13	And of the rest durst no man join himself to them: but the people magnified them.	
Acts 5:19	But the angel of the Lord by night opened the prison doors, and brought them forth, and said,	
Acts 5:23	Saying, The prison truly found we shut with all safety, and the keepers standing without before the doors: but when we had opened, we found no man within.	
Acts 5:28	Saying, Did not we straitly command you that ye should not teach in this name? and, behold, ye have filled Jerusalem with your doctrine, and intend to bring this man's blood upon us.	
Acts 5:29	Then Peter and the other apostles answered and said, We ought to obey God rather than men.	
Acts 5:3	But Peter said, Ananias, why hath Satan filled thine heart to lie to the Holy Ghost, and to keep back part of the price of the land?	
Acts 5:35	And said unto them, Ye men of Israel, take heed to yourselves what ye intend to do as touching these men.	
Acts 5:36	For before these days rose up Theudas, boasting himself to be somebody; to whom a number of men, about four hundred, joined themselves: who was slain; and all, as many as obeyed him, were scattered, and brought to nought.	
Acts 5:38	And now I say unto you, Refrain from these men, and let them alone: for if this counsel or this work be of men, it will come to nought:	
Acts 5:5	And Ananias hearing these words fell down, and gave up the ghost: and great fear came on all them that heard these things.	
Acts 6:11	Then they suborned men, which said, We have heard him speak blasphemous words against Moses, and against God.	
Acts 6:12	And they stirred up the people, and the elders, and the scribes, and came upon him, and caught him, and brought him to the council,	
Acts 6:9	Then there arose certain of the synagogue, which is called the synagogue of the Libertines, and Cyrenians, and Alexandrians, and of them of Cilicia and of Asia, disputing with Stephen.	
Acts 7:1	Then said the high priest, Are these things so?	
Acts 7:11	Now there came a dearth over all the land of Egypt and Chanaan, and great affliction: and our fathers found no sustenance.	
Acts 7:15	So Jacob went down into Egypt, and died, he, and our fathers,	
Acts 7:24	And seeing one of them suffer wrong, he defended him, and avenged him that was oppressed, and smote the Egyptian:	
Acts 7:25	For he supposed his brethren would have understood how that God by his hand would deliver them: but they understood not.	
Acts 7:26	And the next day he shewed himself unto them as they strove, and would have set them at one again, saying, Sirs, ye are brethren; why do ye wrong one to another?	
Acts 7:27	But he that did his neighbour wrong thrust him away, saying, Who made thee a ruler and a judge over us?	
Acts 7:32	Saying, I am the God of thy fathers, the God of Abraham, and the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob. Then Moses trembled, and durst not behold.	
Acts 7:33	Then said the Lord to him, Put off thy shoes from thy feet: for the place where thou standest is holy ground.	
Acts 7:35	This Moses whom they refused, saying, Who made thee a ruler and a judge? the same did God send to be a ruler and a deliverer by the hand of the angel which appeared to him in the bush.	
Acts 7:36	He brought them out, after that he had shewed wonders and signs in the land of Egypt, and in the Red sea, and in the wilderness forty years.	
Acts 7:39	To whom our fathers would not obey, but thrust him from them, and in their hearts turned back again into Egypt,	
Acts 7:40	Saying unto Aaron, Make us gods to go before us: for as for this Moses, which brought us out of the land of Egypt, we wot not what is become of him.	
Acts 7:41	And they made a calf in those days, and offered sacrifice unto the idol, and rejoiced in the works of their own hands.	
Acts 7:55	But he, being full of the Holy Ghost, looked up stedfastly into heaven, and saw the glory of God, and Jesus standing on the right hand of God,	
Acts 7:59	And they stoned Stephen, calling upon God, and saying, Lord Jesus, receive my spirit.	
Acts 7:6	And God spake on this wise, That his seed should sojourn in a strange land; and that they should bring them into bondage, and entreat them evil four hundred years.	
Acts 7:7	And the nation to whom they shall be in bondage will I judge, said God: and after that shall they come forth, and serve me in this place.	
Acts 8:10	To whom they all gave heed, from the least to the greatest, saying, This man is the great power of God.	
Acts 8:11	And to him they had regard, because that of long time he had bewitched them with sorceries.	
Acts 8:13	Then Simon himself believed also: and when he was baptized, he continued with Philip, and wondered, beholding the miracles and signs which were done.	
Acts 8:14	Now when the apostles which were at Jerusalem heard that Samaria had received the word of God, they sent unto them Peter and John:	
Acts 8:19	Saying, Give me also this power, that on whomsoever I lay hands, he may receive the Holy Ghost.	
Acts 8:20	But Peter said unto him, Thy money perish with thee, because thou hast thought that the gift of God may be purchased with money.	
Acts 8:24	Then answered Simon, and said, Pray ye to the LORD for me, that none of these things which ye have spoken come upon me.	
Acts 8:30	And Philip ran thither to him, and heard him read the prophet Esaias, and said, Understandest thou what thou readest?	
Acts 8:35	Then Philip opened his mouth, and began at the same scripture, and preached unto him Jesus.	
Acts 8:40	But Philip was found at Azotus: and passing through he preached in all the cities, till he came to Caesarea.	
Acts 8:6	And the people with one accord gave heed unto those things which Philip spake, hearing and seeing the miracles which he did.	
Acts 8:9	But there was a certain man, called Simon, which beforetime in the same city used sorcery, and bewitched the people of Samaria, giving out that himself was some great one:	
Acts 9:1	And Saul, yet breathing out threatenings and slaughter against the disciples of the Lord, went unto the high priest,	
Acts 9:11	And the Lord said unto him, Arise, and go into the street which is called Straight, and enquire in the house of Judas for one called Saul, of Tarsus: for, behold, he prayeth,	
Acts 9:12	And hath seen in a vision a man named Ananias coming in, and putting his hand on him, that he might receive his sight.	
Acts 9:13	Then Ananias answered, Lord, I have heard by many of this man, how much evil he hath done to thy saints at Jerusalem:	
Acts 9:30	Which when the brethren knew, they brought him down to Caesarea, and sent him forth to Tarsus.	
Acts 9:33	And there he found a certain man named Aeneas, which had kept his bed eight years, and was sick of the palsy.	
Acts 9:42	And it was known throughout all Joppa; and many believed in the Lord.	
Acts 9:43	And it came to pass, that he tarried many days in Joppa with one Simon a tanner.	
Acts 9:8	And Saul arose from the earth; and when his eyes were opened, he saw no man: but they led him by the hand, and brought him into Damascus.	
Amos 1:2	And he said, The LORD will roar from Zion, and utter his voice from Jerusalem; and the habitations of the shepherds shall mourn, and the top of Carmel shall wither.	
Amos 1:7	But I will send a fire on the wall of Gaza, which shall devour the palaces thereof:	
Amos 2:11	And I raised up of your sons for prophets, and of your young men for Nazarites. Is it not even thus, O ye children of Israel? saith the LORD.	
Amos 3:12	Thus saith the LORD; As the shepherd taketh out of the mouth of the lion two legs, or a piece of an ear; so shall the children of Israel be taken out that dwell in Samaria in the corner of a bed, and in Damascus in a couch.	
Amos 3:13	Hear ye, and testify in the house of Jacob, saith the Lord GOD, the God of hosts,	
Amos 3:7	Surely the Lord GOD will do nothing, but he revealeth his secret unto his servants the prophets.	
Amos 4:10	I have sent among you the pestilence after the manner of Egypt: your young men have I slain with the sword, and have taken away your horses; and I have made the stink of your camps to come up unto your nostrils: yet have ye not returned unto me, saith the LORD.	
Amos 4:13	For, lo, he that formeth the mountains, and createth the wind, and declareth unto man what is his thought, that maketh the morning darkness, and treadeth upon the high places of the earth, The LORD, The God of hosts, is his name.	
Amos 4:7	And also I have withholden the rain from you, when there were yet three months to the harvest: and I caused it to rain upon one city, and caused it not to rain upon another city: one piece was rained upon, and the piece whereupon it rained not withered.	
Amos 4:8	So two or three cities wandered unto one city, to drink water; but they were not satisfied: yet have ye not returned unto me, saith the LORD.	
Amos 5:13	Therefore the prudent shall keep silence in that time; for it is an evil time.	
Amos 5:17	And in all vineyards shall be wailing: for I will pass through thee, saith the LORD.	
Amos 5:21	I hate, I despise your feast days, and I will not smell in your solemn assemblies.	
Amos 5:22	Though ye offer me burnt offerings and your meat offerings, I will not accept them: neither will I regard the peace offerings of your fat beasts.	
Amos 5:23	Take thou away from me the noise of thy songs; for I will not hear the melody of thy viols.	
Amos 5:4	For thus saith the LORD unto the house of Israel, Seek ye me, and ye shall live:	
Amos 6:10	And a man's uncle shall take him up, and he that burneth him, to bring out the bones out of the house, and shall say unto him that is by the sides of the house, Is there yet any with thee? and he shall say, No. Then shall he say, Hold thy tongue: for we may not make mention of the name of the LORD.	
Amos 6:7	Therefore now shall they go captive with the first that go captive, and the banquet of them that stretched themselves shall be removed.	
Amos 7:11	For thus Amos saith, Jeroboam shall die by the sword, and Israel shall surely be led away captive out of their own land.	
Amos 7:12	Also Amaziah said unto Amos, O thou seer, go, flee thee away into the land of Judah, and there eat bread, and prophesy there:	
Amos 7:3	The LORD repented for this: It shall not be, saith the LORD.	
Amos 7:8	And the LORD said unto me, Amos, what seest thou? And I said, A plumbline. Then said the LORD, Behold, I will set a plumbline in the midst of my people Israel: I will not again pass by them any more:	
Amos 7:9	And the high places of Isaac shall be desolate, and the sanctuaries of Israel shall be laid waste; and I will rise against the house of Jeroboam with the sword.	
Amos 8:1	Thus hath the Lord GOD shewed unto me: and behold a basket of summer fruit.	
Amos 8:10	And I will turn your feasts into mourning, and all your songs into lamentation; and I will bring up sackcloth upon all loins, and baldness upon every head; and I will make it as the mourning of an only son, and the end thereof as a bitter day.	
Amos 8:2	And he said, Amos, what seest thou? And I said, A basket of summer fruit. Then said the LORD unto me, The end is come upon my people of Israel; I will not again pass by them any more.	
Amos 8:7	The LORD hath sworn by the excellency of Jacob, Surely I will never forget any of their works.	
Amos 9:6	It is he that buildeth his stories in the heaven, and hath founded his troop in the earth; he that c|alleth for the waters of the sea, and poureth them out upon the face of the earth: The LORD is his name.	
Amos 9:7	Are ye not as children of the Ethiopians unto me, O children of Israel? saith the LORD. Have not I brought up Israel out of the land of Egypt? and the Philistines from Caphtor, and the Syrians from Kir?	
Colossians 1:12	Giving thanks unto the Father, which hath made us meet to be partakers of the inheritance of the saints in light:	
Colossians 1:22	In the body of his flesh through death, to present you holy and unblameable and unreproveable in his sight:	
Colossians 1:23	If ye continue in the faith grounded and settled, and be not moved away from the hope of the gospel, which ye have heard, and which was preached to every creature which is under heaven; whereof I Paul am made a minister;	
Colossians 1:26	Even the mystery which hath been hid from ages and from generations, but now is made manifest to his saints:	
Colossians 1:27	To whom God would make known what is the riches of the glory of this mystery among the Gentiles; which is Christ in you, the hope of glory:	
Colossians 1:8	Who also declared unto us your love in the Spirit.	
Colossians 2:1	For I would that ye knew what great conflict I have for you, and for them at Laodicea, and for as many as have not seen my face in the flesh;	
Colossians 2:15	And having spoiled principalities and powers, he made a shew of them openly, triumphing over them in it.	
Colossians 2:16	Let no man therefore judge you in meat, or in drink, or in respect of an holyday, or of the new moon, or of the sabbath days:	
Colossians 2:18	Let no man beguile you of your reward in a voluntary humility and worshipping of angels, intruding into those things which he hath not seen, vainly puffed up by his fleshly mind,	
Colossians 2:19	And not holding the Head, from which all the body by joints and bands having nourishment ministered, and knit together, increaseth with the increase of God.	
Colossians 2:23	Which things have indeed a shew of wisdom in will worship, and humility, and neglecting of the body: not in any honour to the satisfying of the flesh.	
Colossians 2:4	And this I say, lest any man should beguile you with enticing words.	
Colossians 2:5	For though I be absent in the flesh, yet am I with you in the spirit, joying and beholding your order, and the stedfastness of your faith in Christ.	
Colossians 2:6	As ye have therefore received Christ Jesus the Lord, so walk ye in him:	
Colossians 2:8	Beware lest any man spoil you through philosophy and vain deceit, after the tradition of men, after the rudiments of the world, and not after Christ.	
Colossians 3:1	If ye then be risen with Christ, seek those things which are above, where Christ sitteth on the right hand of God.	
Colossians 3:10	And have put on the new man, which is renewed in knowledge after the image of him that created him:	
Colossians 3:17	And whatsoever ye do in word or deed, do all in the name of the Lord Jesus, giving thanks to God and the Father by him.	
Colossians 3:20	Children, obey your parents in all things: for this is well pleasing unto the Lord.	
Colossians 3:22	Servants, obey in all things your masters according to the flesh; not with eyeservice, as menpleasers; but in singleness of heart, fearing God;	
Colossians 3:25	But he that doeth wrong shall receive for the wrong which he hath done: and there is no respect of persons.	
Colossians 3:3	For ye are dead, and your life is hid with Christ in God.	
Colossians 3:4	When Christ, who is our life, shall appear, then shall ye also appear with him in glory.	
Colossians 3:8	But now ye also put off all these; anger, wrath, malice, blasphemy, filthy communication out of your mouth.	
Colossians 4:7	All my state shall Tychicus declare unto you, who is a beloved brother, and a faithful minister and fellowservant in the Lord:	
Colossians 4:8	Whom I have sent unto you for the same purpose, that he might know your estate, and comfort your hearts;	
Daniel 10:16	And, behold, one like the similitude of the sons of men touched my lips: then I opened my mouth, and spake, and said unto him that stood before me, O my lord, by the vision my sorrows are turned upon me, and I have retained no strength.	
Daniel 10:19	And said, O man greatly beloved, fear not: peace be unto thee, be strong, yea, be strong. And when he had spoken unto me, I was strengthened, and said, Let my lord speak; for thou hast strengthened me.	
Daniel 10:4	And in the four and twentieth day of the first month, as I was by the side of the great river, which is Hiddekel;	
Daniel 10:5	Then I lifted up mine eyes, and looked, and behold a certain man clothed in linen, whose loins were girded with fine gold of Uphaz:	
Daniel 11:12	And when he hath taken away the multitude, his heart shall be lifted up; and he shall cast down many ten thousands: but he shall not be strengthened by it.	
Daniel 11:20	Then shall stand up in his estate a raiser of taxes in the glory of the kingdom: but within few days he shall be destroyed, neither in anger, nor in battle.	
Daniel 11:22	And with the arms of a flood shall they be overflown from before him, and shall be broken; yea, also the prince of the covenant.	
Daniel 11:27	And both of these kings' hearts shall be to do mischief, and they shall speak lies at one table; but it shall not prosper: for yet the end shall be at the time appointed.	
Daniel 11:4	And when he shall stand up, his kingdom shall be broken, and shall be divided toward the four winds of heaven; and not to his posterity, nor according to his dominion which he ruled: for his kingdom shall be plucked up, even for others beside those.	
Daniel 11:40	And at the time of the end shall the king of the south push at him: and the king of the north shall come against him like a whirlwind, with chariots, and with horsemen, and with many ships; and he shall enter into the countries, and shall overflow and pass over.	
Daniel 11:44	But tidings out of the east and out of the north shall trouble him: therefore he shall go forth with great fury to destroy, and utterly to make away many.	
Daniel 11:6	And in the end of years they shall join themselves together; for the king's daughter of the south shall come to the king of the north to make an agreement: but she shall not retain the power of the arm; neither shall he stand, nor his arm: but she shall be given up, and they that brought her, and he that begat her, and he that strengthened her in these times.	
Daniel 12:2	And many of them that sleep in the dust of the earth shall awake, some to everlasting life, and some to shame and everlasting contempt.	
Daniel 12:8	And I heard, but I understood not: then said I, O my Lord, what shall be the end of these things?	
Daniel 1:13	Then let our countenances be looked upon before thee, and the countenance of the children that eat of the portion of the king's meat: and as thou seest, deal with thy servants.	
Daniel 1:15	And at the end of ten days their countenances appeared fairer and fatter in flesh than all the children which did eat the portion of the king's meat.	
Daniel 1:16	Thus Melzar took away the portion of their meat, and the wine that they should drink; and gave them pulse.	
Daniel 1:18	Now at the end of the days that the king had said he should bring them in, then the prince of the eunuchs brought them in before Nebuchadnezzar.	
Daniel 2:12	For this cause the king was angry and very furious, and commanded to destroy all the wise men of Babylon.	
Daniel 2:31	Thou, O king, sawest, and behold a great image. This great image, whose brightness was excellent, stood before thee; and the form thereof was terrible.	
Daniel 2:32	This image's head was of fine gold, his breast and his arms of silver, his belly and his thighs of brass,	
Daniel 2:35	Then was the iron, the clay, the brass, the silver, and the gold, broken to pieces together, and became like the chaff of the summer threshingfloors; and the wind carried them away, that no place was found for them: and the stone that smote the image became a great mountain, and filled the whole earth.	
Daniel 2:36	This is the dream; and we will tell the interpretation thereof before the king.	
Daniel 2:38	And wheresoever the children of men dwell, the beasts of the field and the fowls of the heaven hath he given into thine hand, and hath made thee ruler over them all. Thou art this head of gold.	
Daniel 2:40	And the fourth kingdom shall be strong as iron: forasmuch as iron breaketh in pieces and subdueth all things: and as iron that breaketh all these, shall it break in pieces and bruise.	
Daniel 2:46	Then the king Nebuchadnezzar fell upon his face, and worshipped Daniel, and commanded that they should offer an oblation and sweet odours unto him.	
Daniel 2:47	The king answered unto Daniel, and said, Of a truth it is, that your God is a God of gods, and a Lord of kings, and a revealer of secrets, seeing thou couldest reveal this secret.	
Daniel 2:6	But if ye shew the dream, and the interpretation thereof, ye shall receive of me gifts and rewards and great honour: therefore shew me the dream, and the interpretation thereof.	
Daniel 3:18	But if not, be it known unto thee, O king, that we will not serve thy gods, nor worship the golden image which thou hast set up.	
Daniel 3:29	Therefore I make a decree, That every people, nation, and language, which speak any thing amiss against the God of Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, shall be cut in pieces, and their houses shall be made a dunghill: because there is no other God that can deliver after this sort.	
Daniel 3:5	That at what time ye hear the sound of the cornet, flute, harp, sackbut, psaltery, dulcimer, and all kinds of musick, ye fall down and worship the golden image that Nebuchadnezzar the king hath set up:	
Daniel 3:8	Wherefore at that time certain Chaldeans came near, and accused the Jews.	
Daniel 4:1	Nebuchadnezzar the king, unto all people, nations, and languages, that dwell in all the earth; Peace be multiplied unto you.	
Daniel 4:12	The leaves thereof were fair, and the fruit thereof much, and in it was meat for all: the beasts of the field had shadow under it, and the fowls of the heaven dwelt in the boughs thereof, and all flesh was fed of it.	
Daniel 4:14	He cried aloud, and said thus, Hew down the tree, and cut off his branches, shake off his leaves, and scatter his fruit: let the beasts get away from under it, and the fowls from his branches:	
Daniel 4:18	This dream I king Nebuchadnezzar have seen. Now thou, O Belteshazzar, declare the interpretation thereof, forasmuch as all the wise men of my kingdom are not able to make known unto me the interpretation: but thou art able; for the spirit of the holy gods is in thee.	
Daniel 4:20	The tree that thou sawest, which grew, and was strong, whose height reached unto the heaven, and the sight thereof to all the earth;	
Daniel 4:26	And whereas they commanded to leave the stump of the tree roots; thy kingdom shall be sure unto thee, after that thou shalt have known that the heavens do rule.	
Daniel 4:29	At the end of twelve months he walked in the palace of the kingdom of Babylon.	
Daniel 4:3	How great are his signs! and how mighty are his wonders! his kingdom is an everlasting kingdom, and his dominion is from generation to generation.	
Daniel 4:30	The king spake, and said, Is not this great Babylon, that I have built for the house of the kingdom by the might of my power, and for the honour of my majesty?	
Daniel 4:33	The same hour was the thing fulfilled upon Nebuchadnezzar: and he was driven from men, and did eat grass as oxen, and his body was wet with the dew of heaven, till his hairs were grown like eagles' feathers, and his nails like birds' claws.	
Daniel 4:4	I Nebuchadnezzar was at rest in mine house, and flourishing in my palace:	
Daniel 4:7	Then came in the magicians, the astrologers, the Chaldeans, and the soothsayers: and I told the dream before them; but they did not make known unto me the interpretation thereof.	
Daniel 5:1	Belshazzar the king made a great feast to a thousand of his lords, and drank wine before the thousand.	
Daniel 5:11	There is a man in thy kingdom, in whom is the spirit of the holy gods; and in the days of thy father light and understanding and wisdom, like the wisdom of the gods, was found in him; whom the king Nebuchadnezzar thy father, the king, I say, thy father, made master of the magicians, astrologers, Chaldeans, and soothsayers;	
Daniel 5:16	And I have heard of thee, that thou canst make interpretations, and dissolve doubts: now if thou canst read the writing, and make known to me the interpretation thereof, thou shalt be clothed with scarlet, and have a chain of gold about thy neck, and shalt be the third ruler in the kingdom.	
Daniel 5:22	And thou his son, O Belshazzar, hast not humbled thine heart, though thou knewest all this;	
Daniel 5:3	Then they brought the golden vessels that were taken out of the temple of the house of God which was at Jerusalem; and the king, and his princes, his wives, and his concubines, drank in them.	
Daniel 5:30	In that night was Belshazzar the king of the Chaldeans slain.	
Daniel 5:4	They drank wine, and praised the gods of gold, and of silver, of brass, of iron, of wood, and of stone.	
Daniel 5:6	Then the king's countenance was changed, and his thoughts troubled him, so that the joints of his loins were loosed, and his knees smote one against another.	
Daniel 5:8	Then came in all the king's wise men: but they could not read the writing, nor make known to the king the interpretation thereof.	
Daniel 6:10	Now when Daniel knew that the writing was signed, he went into his house; and his windows being open in his chamber toward Jerusalem, he kneeled upon his knees three times a day, and prayed, and gave thanks before his God, as he did aforetime.	
Daniel 6:13	Then answered they and said before the king, That Daniel, which is of the children of the captivity of Judah, regardeth not thee, O king, nor the decree that thou hast signed, but maketh his petition three times a day.	
Daniel 6:23	Then was the king exceedingly glad for him, and commanded that they should take Daniel up out of the den. So Daniel was taken up out of the den, and no manner of hurt was found upon him, because he believed in his God.	
Daniel 6:4	Then the presidents and princes sought to find occasion against Daniel concerning the kingdom; but they could find none occasion nor fault; forasmuch as he was faithful, neither was there any error or fault found in him.	
Daniel 6:6	Then these presidents and princes assembled together to the king, and said thus unto him, King Darius, live for ever.	
Daniel 7:13	I saw in the night visions, and, behold, one like the Son of man came with the clouds of heaven, and came to the Ancient of days, and they brought him near before him.	
Daniel 7:15	I Daniel was grieved in my spirit in the midst of my body, and the visions of my head troubled me.	
Daniel 7:17	These great beasts, which are four, are four kings, which shall arise out of the earth.	
Daniel 7:19	Then I would know the truth of the fourth beast, which was diverse from all the others, exceeding dreadful, whose teeth were of iron, and his nails of brass; which devoured, brake in pieces, and stamped the residue with his feet;	
Daniel 7:21	I beheld, and the same horn made war with the saints, and prevailed against them;	
Daniel 7:23	Thus he said, The fourth beast shall be the fourth kingdom upon earth, which shall be diverse from all kingdoms, and shall devour the whole earth, and shall tread it down, and break it in pieces.	
Daniel 7:27	And the kingdom and dominion, and the greatness of the kingdom under the whole heaven, shall be given to the people of the saints of the most High, whose kingdom is an everlasting kingdom, and all dominions shall serve and obey him.	
Daniel 7:9	I beheld till the thrones were cast down, and the Ancient of days did sit, whose garment was white as snow, and the hair of his head like the pure wool: his throne was like the fiery flame, and his wheels as burning fire.	
Daniel 8:11	Yea, he magnified himself even to the prince of the host, and by him the daily sacrifice was taken away, and the place of the sanctuary was cast down.	
Daniel 8:18	Now as he was speaking with me, I was in a deep sleep on my face toward the ground: but he touched me, and set me upright.	
Daniel 8:20	The ram which thou sawest having two horns are the kings of Media and Persia.	
Daniel 8:24	And his power shall be mighty, but not by his own power: and he shall destroy wonderfully, and shall prosper, and practise, and shall destroy the mighty and the holy people.	
Daniel 8:25	And through his policy also he shall cause craft to prosper in his hand; and he shall magnify himself in his heart, and by peace shall destroy many: he shall also stand up against the Prince of princes; but he shall be broken without hand.	
Daniel 8:3	Then I lifted up mine eyes, and saw, and, behold, there stood before the river a ram which had two horns: and the two horns were high; but one was higher than the other, and the higher came up last.	
Daniel 8:5	And as I was considering, behold, an he goat came from the west on the face of the whole earth, and touched not the ground: and the goat had a notable horn between his eyes.	
Daniel 8:9	And out of one of them came forth a little horn, which waxed exceeding great, toward the south, and toward the east, and toward the pleasant land.	
Daniel 9:11	Yea, all Israel have transgressed thy law, even by departing, that they might not obey thy voice; therefore the curse is poured upon us, and the oath that is written in the law of Moses the servant of God, because we have sinned against him.	
Daniel 9:16	O LORD, according to all thy righteousness, I beseech thee, let thine anger and thy fury be turned away from thy city Jerusalem, thy holy mountain: because for our sins, and for the iniquities of our fathers, Jerusalem and thy people are become a reproach to all that are about us.	
Daniel 9:22	And he informed me, and talked with me, and said, O Daniel, I am now come forth to give thee skill and understanding.	
Deuteronomy 10:10	And I stayed in the mount, according to the first time, forty days and forty nights; and the LORD hearkened unto me at that time also, and the LORD would not destroy thee.	
Deuteronomy 10:11	And the LORD said unto me, Arise, take thy journey before the people, that they may go in and possess the land, which I sware unto their fathers to give unto them.	
Deuteronomy 10:17	For the LORD your God is God of gods, and Lord of lords, a great God, a mighty, and a terrible, which regardeth not persons, nor taketh reward:	
Deuteronomy 10:6	And the children of Israel took their journey from Beeroth of the children of Jaakan to Mosera: there Aaron died, and there he was buried; and Eleazar his son ministered in the priest's office in his stead.	
Deuteronomy 11:13	And it shall come to pass, if ye shall hearken diligently unto my commandments which I command you this day, to love the LORD your God, and to serve him with all your heart and with all your soul,	
Deuteronomy 11:15	And I will send grass in thy fields for thy cattle, that thou mayest eat and be full.	
Deuteronomy 11:2	And know ye this day: for I speak not with your children which have not known, and which have not seen the chastisement of the LORD your God, his greatness, his mighty hand, and his stretched out arm,	
Deuteronomy 11:22	For if ye shall diligently keep all these commandments which I command you, to do them, to love the LORD your God, to walk in all his ways, and to cleave unto him;	
Deuteronomy 11:23	Then will the LORD drive out all these nations from before you, and ye shall possess greater nations and mightier than yourselves.	
Deuteronomy 11:25	There shall no man be able to stand before you: for the LORD your God shall lay the fear of you and the dread of you upon all the land that ye shall tread upon, as he hath said unto you.	
Deuteronomy 11:31	For ye shall pass over Jordan to go in to possess the land which the LORD your God giveth you, and ye shall possess it, and dwell therein.	
Deuteronomy 11:5	And what he did unto you in the wilderness, until ye came into this place;	
Deuteronomy 12:14	But in the place which the LORD shall choose in one of thy tribes, there thou shalt offer thy burnt offerings, and there thou shalt do all that I command thee.	
Deuteronomy 12:24	Thou shalt not eat it; thou shalt pour it upon the earth as water.	
Deuteronomy 12:26	Only thy holy things which thou hast, and thy vows, thou shalt take, and go unto the place which the LORD shall choose:	
Deuteronomy 12:28	Observe and hear all these words which I command thee, that it may go well with thee, and with thy children after thee for ever, when thou doest that which is good and right in the sight of the LORD thy God.	
Deuteronomy 12:3	And ye shall overthrow their altars, and break their pillars, and burn their groves with fire; and ye shall hew down the graven images of their gods, and destroy the names of them out of that place.	
Deuteronomy 12:31	Thou shalt not do so unto the LORD thy God: for every abomination to the LORD, which he hateth, have they done unto their gods; for even their sons and their daughters they have burnt in the fire to their gods.	
Deuteronomy 12:5	But unto the place which the LORD your God shall choose out of all your tribes to put his name there, even unto his habitation shall ye seek, and thither thou shalt come:	
Deuteronomy 12:7	And there ye shall eat before the LORD your God, and ye shall rejoice in all that ye put your hand unto, ye and your households, wherein the LORD thy God hath blessed thee.	
Deuteronomy 12:9	For ye are not as yet come to the rest and to the inheritance, which the LORD your God giveth you.	
Deuteronomy 13:11	And all Israel shall hear, and fear, and shall do no more any such wickedness as this is among you.	
Deuteronomy 13:15	Thou shalt surely smite the inhabitants of that city with the edge of the sword, destroying it utterly, and all that is therein, and the cattle thereof, with the edge of the sword.	
Deuteronomy 13:17	And there shall cleave nought of the cursed thing to thine hand: that the LORD may turn from the fierceness of his anger, and show thee mercy, and have compassion upon thee, and multiply thee, as he hath sworn unto thy fathers;	
Deuteronomy 13:2	And the sign or the wonder come to pass, whereof he spake unto thee, saying, Let us go after other gods, which thou hast not known, and let us serve them;	
Deuteronomy 14:12	But these are they of which ye shall not eat: the eagle, and the ossifrage, and the ospray,	
Deuteronomy 14:15	And the owl, and the night hawk, and the cuckoo, and the hawk after his kind,	
Deuteronomy 14:16	The little owl, and the great owl, and the swan,	
Deuteronomy 14:17	And the pelican, and the gier eagle, and the cormorant,	
Deuteronomy 14:18	And the stork, and the heron after her kind, and the lapwing, and the bat.	
Deuteronomy 14:21	Ye shall not eat of anything that dieth of itself: thou shalt give it unto the stranger that is in thy gates, that he may eat it; or thou mayest sell it unto an alien: for thou art an holy people unto the LORD thy God. Thou shalt not seethe a kid in his mother's milk.	
Deuteronomy 14:22	Thou shalt truly tithe all the increase of thy seed, that the field bringeth forth year by year.	
Deuteronomy 14:24	And if the way be too long for thee, so that thou art not able to carry it; or if the place be too far from thee, which the LORD thy God shall choose to set his name there, when the LORD thy God hath blessed thee:	
Deuteronomy 14:25	Then shalt thou turn it into money, and bind up the money in thine hand, and shalt go unto the place which the LORD thy God shall choose:	
Deuteronomy 14:3	Thou shalt not eat any abominable thing.	
Deuteronomy 14:7	Nevertheless these ye shall not eat of them that chew the cud, or of them that divide the cloven hoof; as the camel, and the hare, and the coney: for they chew the cud, but divide not the hoof; therefore they are unclean unto you.	
Deuteronomy 15:11	For the poor shall never cease out of the land: therefore I command thee, saying, Thou shalt open thine hand wide unto thy brother, to thy poor, and to thy needy, in thy land.	
Deuteronomy 15:12	And if thy brother, an Hebrew man, or an Hebrew woman, be sold unto thee, and serve thee six years; then in the seventh year thou shalt let him go free from thee.	
Deuteronomy 15:14	Thou shalt furnish him liberally out of thy flock, and out of thy floor, and out of thy winepress: of that wherewith the LORD thy God hath blessed thee thou shalt give unto him.	
Deuteronomy 15:2	And this is the manner of the release: Every creditor that lendeth ought unto his neighbor shall release it; he shall not exact it of his neighbor, or of his brother; because it is called the LORD's release.	
Deuteronomy 15:23	Only thou shalt not eat the blood thereof; thou shalt pour it upon the ground as water.	
Deuteronomy 15:6	For the LORD thy God blesseth thee, as he promised thee: and thou shalt lend unto many nations, but thou shalt not borrow; and thou shalt reign over many nations, but they shall not reign over thee.	
Deuteronomy 15:7	If there be among you a poor man of one of thy brethren within any of thy gates in thy land which the LORD thy God giveth thee, thou shalt not harden thine heart, nor shut thine hand from thy poor brother:	
Deuteronomy 15:8	But thou shalt open thine hand wide unto him, and shalt surely lend him sufficient for his need, in that which he wanteth.	
Deuteronomy 16:12	And thou shalt remember that thou wast a bondman in Egypt: and thou shalt observe and do these statutes.	
Deuteronomy 16:18	Judges and officers shalt thou make thee in all thy gates, which the LORD thy God giveth thee, throughout thy tribes: and they shall judge the people with just judgment.	
Deuteronomy 16:22	Neither shalt thou set thee up any image; which the LORD thy God hateth.	
Deuteronomy 16:5	Thou mayest not sacrifice the passover within any of thy gates, which the LORD thy God giveth thee:	
Deuteronomy 16:8	Six days thou shalt eat unleavened bread: and on the seventh day shall be a solemn assembly to the LORD thy God: thou shalt do no work therein.	
Deuteronomy 17:1	Thou shalt not sacrifice unto the LORD thy God any bullock, or sheep, wherein is blemish, or any evilfavouredness: for that is an abomination unto the LORD thy God.	
Deuteronomy 17:10	And thou shalt do according to the sentence, which they of that place which the LORD shall choose shall show thee; and thou shalt observe to do according to all that they inform thee:	
Deuteronomy 17:12	And the man that will do presumptuously, and will not hearken unto the priest that standeth to minister there before the LORD thy God, or unto the judge, even that man shall die: and thou shalt put away the evil from Israel.	
Deuteronomy 17:15	Thou shalt in any wise set him king over thee, whom the LORD thy God shall choose: one from among thy brethren shalt thou set king over thee: thou mayest not set a stranger over thee, which is not thy brother.	
Deuteronomy 17:4	And it be told thee, and thou hast heard of it, and inquired diligently, and, behold, it be true, and the thing certain, that such abomination is wrought in Israel:	
Deuteronomy 17:8	If there arise a matter too hard for thee in judgment, between blood and blood, between plea and plea, and between stroke and stroke, being matters of controversy within thy gates: then shalt thou arise, and get thee up into the place which the LORD thy God shall choose;	
Deuteronomy 18:1	The priests the Levites, and all the tribe of Levi, shall have no part nor inheritance with Israel: they shall eat the offerings of the LORD made by fire, and his inheritance.	
Deuteronomy 18:11	Or a charmer, or a consulter with familiar spirits, or a wizard, or a necromancer.	
Deuteronomy 18:17	And the LORD said unto me, They have well spoken that which they have spoken.	
Deuteronomy 18:2	Therefore shall they have no inheritance among their brethren: the LORD is their inheritance, as he hath said unto them.	
Deuteronomy 18:5	For the LORD thy God hath chosen him out of all thy tribes, to stand to minister in the name of the LORD, him and his sons for ever.	
Deuteronomy 18:6	And if a Levite come from any of thy gates out of all Israel, where he sojourned, and come with all the desire of his mind unto the place which the LORD shall choose;	
Deuteronomy 19:11	But if any man hate his neighbor, and lie in wait for him, and rise up against him, and smite him mortally that he die, and fleeth into one of these cities:	
Deuteronomy 19:19	Then shall ye do unto him, as he had thought to have done unto his brother: so shalt thou put the evil away from among you.	
Deuteronomy 19:3	Thou shalt prepare thee a way, and divide the coasts of thy land, which the LORD thy God giveth thee to inherit, into three parts, that every slayer may flee thither.	
Deuteronomy 19:9	If thou shalt keep all these commandments to do them, which I command thee this day, to love the LORD thy God, and to walk ever in his ways; then shalt thou add three cities more for thee, beside these three:	
Deuteronomy 1:11	(The LORD God of your fathers make you a thousand times so many more as ye are, and bless you, as he hath promised you!)	
Deuteronomy 1:12	How can I myself alone bear your cumbrance, and your burden, and your strife?	
Deuteronomy 1:15	So I took the chief of your tribes, wise men, and known, and made them heads over you, captains over thousands, and captains over hundreds, and captains over fifties, and captains over tens, and officers among your tribes.	
Deuteronomy 1:17	Ye shall not respect persons in judgment; but ye shall hear the small as well as the great; ye shall not be afraid of the face of man; for the judgment is God's: and the cause that is too hard for you, bring it unto me, and I will hear it.	
Deuteronomy 1:21	Behold, the LORD thy God hath set the land before thee: go up and possess it, as the LORD God of thy fathers hath said unto thee; fear not, neither be discouraged.	
Deuteronomy 1:23	And the saying pleased me well: and I took twelve men of you, one of a tribe:	
Deuteronomy 1:24	And they turned and went up into the mountain, and came unto the valley of Eshcol, and searched it out.	
Deuteronomy 1:3	And it came to pass in the fortieth year, in the eleventh month, on the first day of the month, that Moses spake unto the children of Israel, according unto all that the LORD had given him in commandment unto them;	
Deuteronomy 1:34	And the LORD heard the voice of your words, and was wroth, and sware, saying,	
Deuteronomy 1:35	Surely there shall not one of these men of this evil generation see that good land, which I sware to give unto your fathers.	
Deuteronomy 1:44	And the Amorites, which dwelt in that mountain, came out against you, and chased you, as bees do, and destroyed you in Seir, even unto Hormah.	
Deuteronomy 1:5	On this side Jordan, in the land of Moab, began Moses to declare this law, saying,	
Deuteronomy 1:8	Behold, I have set the land before you: go in and possess the land which the LORD sware unto your fathers, Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, to give unto them and to their seed after them.	
Deuteronomy 20:12	And if it will make no peace with thee, but will make war against thee, then thou shalt besiege it:	
Deuteronomy 20:16	But of the cities of these people, which the LORD thy God doth give thee for an inheritance, thou shalt save alive nothing that breatheth:	
Deuteronomy 20:3	And shall say unto them, Hear, O Israel, ye approach this day unto battle against your enemies: let not your hearts faint, fear not, and do not tremble, neither be ye terrified because of them;	
Deuteronomy 21:1	If one be found slain in the land which the LORD thy God giveth thee to possess it, lying in the field, and it be not known who hath slain him:	
Deuteronomy 21:12	Then thou shalt bring her home to thine house, and she shall shave her head, and pare her nails;	
Deuteronomy 21:14	And it shall be, if thou have no delight in her, then thou shalt let her go whither she will; but thou shalt not sell her at all for money, thou shalt not make merchandise of her, because thou hast humbled her.	
Deuteronomy 21:17	But he shall acknowledge the son of the hated for the firstborn, by giving him a double portion of all that he hath: for he is the beginning of his strength; the right of the firstborn is his.	
Deuteronomy 21:20	And they shall say unto the elders of his city, This our son is stubborn and rebellious, he will not obey our voice; he is a glutton, and a drunkard.	
Deuteronomy 21:5	And the priests the sons of Levi shall come near; for them the LORD thy God hath chosen to minister unto him, and to bless in the name of the LORD; and by their word shall every controversy and every stroke be tried:	
Deuteronomy 22:1	Thou shalt not see thy brother's ox or his sheep go astray, and hide thyself from them: thou shalt in any case bring them again unto thy brother.	
Deuteronomy 22:10	Thou shalt not plow with an ox and an ass together.	
Deuteronomy 22:18	And the elders of that city shall take that man and chastise him;	
Deuteronomy 22:2	And if thy brother be not nigh unto thee, or if thou know him not, then thou shalt bring it unto thine own house, and it shall be with thee until thy brother seek after it, and thou shalt restore it to him again.	
Deuteronomy 22:25	But if a man find a betrothed damsel in the field, and the man force her, and lie with her: then the man only that lay with her shall die.	
Deuteronomy 22:6	If a bird's nest chance to be before thee in the way in any tree, or on the ground, whether they be young ones, or eggs, and the dam sitting upon the young, or upon the eggs, thou shalt not take the dam with the young:	
Deuteronomy 23:15	Thou shalt not deliver unto his master the servant which is escaped from his master unto thee:	
Deuteronomy 23:16	He shall dwell with thee, even among you, in that place which he shall choose in one of thy gates, where it liketh him best: thou shalt not oppress him.	
Deuteronomy 23:22	But if thou shalt forbear to vow, it shall be no sin in thee.	
Deuteronomy 23:24	When thou comest into thy neighbor's vineyard, then thou mayest eat grapes thy fill at thine own pleasure; but thou shalt not put any in thy vessel.	
Deuteronomy 23:25	When thou comest into the standing corn of thy neighbor, then thou mayest pluck the ears with thine hand; but thou shalt not move a sickle unto thy neighbor's standing corn.	
Deuteronomy 23:3	An Ammonite or Moabite shall not enter into the congregation of the LORD; even to their tenth generation shall they not enter into the congregation of the LORD for ever:	
Deuteronomy 23:8	The children that are begotten of them shall enter into the congregation of the LORD in their third generation.	
Deuteronomy 24:13	In any case thou shalt deliver him the pledge again when the sun goeth down, that he may sleep in his own raiment, and bless thee: and it shall be righteousness unto thee before the LORD thy God.	
Deuteronomy 24:19	When thou cuttest down thine harvest in thy field, and hast forgot a sheaf in the field, thou shalt not go again to fetch it: it shall be for the stranger, for the fatherless, and for the widow: that the LORD thy God may bless thee in all the work of thine hands.	
Deuteronomy 24:9	Remember what the LORD thy God did unto Miriam by the way, after that ye were come forth out of Egypt.	
Deuteronomy 25:15	But thou shalt have a perfect and just weight, a perfect and just measure shalt thou have: that thy days may be lengthened in the land which the LORD thy God giveth thee.	
Deuteronomy 25:19	Therefore it shall be, when the LORD thy God hath given thee rest from all thine enemies round about, in the land which the LORD thy God giveth thee for an inheritance to possess it, that thou shalt blot out the remembrance of Amalek from under heaven; thou shalt not forget it.	
Deuteronomy 25:5	If brethren dwell together, and one of them die, and have no child, the wife of the dead shall not marry without unto a stranger: her husband's brother shall go in unto her, and take her to him to wife, and perform the duty of an husband's brother unto her.	
Deuteronomy 25:9	Then shall his brother's wife come unto him in the presence of the elders, and loose his shoe from off his foot, and spit in his face, and shall answer and say, So shall it be done unto that man that will not build up his brother's house.	
Deuteronomy 26:11	And thou shalt rejoice in every good thing which the LORD thy God hath given unto thee, and unto thine house, thou, and the Levite, and the stranger that is among you.	
Deuteronomy 26:12	When thou hast made an end of tithing all the tithes of thine increase the third year, which is the year of tithing, and hast given it unto the Levite, the stranger, the fatherless, and the widow, that they may eat within thy gates, and be filled;	
Deuteronomy 26:13	Then thou shalt say before the LORD thy God, I have brought away the hallowed things out of mine house, and also have given them unto the Levite, and unto the stranger, to the fatherless, and to the widow, according to all thy commandments which thou hast commanded me: I have not transgressed thy commandments, neither have I forgotten them.	
Deuteronomy 26:4	And the priest shall take the basket out of thine hand, and set it down before the altar of the LORD thy God.	
Deuteronomy 27:1	And Moses with the elders of Israel commanded the people, saying, Keep all the commandments which I command you this day.	
Deuteronomy 27:10	Thou shalt therefore obey the voice of the LORD thy God, and do his commandments and his statutes, which I command thee this day.	
Deuteronomy 27:11	And Moses charged the people the same day, saying,	
Deuteronomy 27:15	Cursed be the man that maketh any graven or molten image, an abomination unto the LORD, the work of the hands of the craftsman, and putteth it in a secret place. And all the people shall answer and say, Amen.	
Deuteronomy 27:16	Cursed be he that setteth light by his father or his mother. And all the people shall say, Amen.	
Deuteronomy 27:20	Cursed be he that lieth with his father's wife; because he uncovereth his father's skirt. And all the people shall say, Amen.	
Deuteronomy 27:24	Cursed be he that smiteth his neighbor secretly. And all the people shall say, Amen.	
Deuteronomy 27:7	And thou shalt offer peace offerings, and shalt eat there, and rejoice before the LORD thy God.	
Deuteronomy 27:8	And thou shalt write upon the stones all the words of this law very plainly.	
Deuteronomy 27:9	And Moses and the priests the Levites spake unto all Israel, saying, Take heed, and hearken, O Israel; this day thou art become the people of the LORD thy God.	
Deuteronomy 28:10	And all people of the earth shall see that thou art called by the name of the LORD; and they shall be afraid of thee.	
Deuteronomy 28:18	Cursed shall be the fruit of thy body, and the fruit of thy land, the increase of thy kine, and the flocks of thy sheep.	
Deuteronomy 28:21	The LORD shall make the pestilence cleave unto thee, until he have consumed thee from off the land, whither thou goest to possess it.	
Deuteronomy 28:28	The LORD shall smite thee with madness, and blindness, and astonishment of heart:	
Deuteronomy 28:30	Thou shalt betroth a wife, and another man shall lie with her: thou shalt build an house, and thou shalt not dwell therein: thou shalt plant a vineyard, and shalt not gather the grapes thereof.	
Deuteronomy 28:32	Thy sons and thy daughters shall be given unto another people, and thine eyes shall look, and fail with longing for them all the day long; and there shall be no might in thine hand.	
Deuteronomy 28:33	The fruit of thy land, and all thy labors, shall a nation which thou knowest not eat up; and thou shalt be only oppressed and crushed alway:	
Deuteronomy 28:34	So that thou shalt be mad for the sight of thine eyes which thou shalt see.	
Deuteronomy 28:38	Thou shalt carry much seed out into the field, and shalt gather but little in; for the locust shall consume it.	
Deuteronomy 28:4	Blessed shall be the fruit of thy body, and the fruit of thy ground, and the fruit of thy cattle, the increase of thy kine, and the flocks of thy sheep.	
Deuteronomy 28:41	Thou shalt beget sons and daughters, but thou shalt not enjoy them; for they shall go into captivity.	
Deuteronomy 28:44	He shall lend to thee, and thou shalt not lend to him: he shall be the head, and thou shalt be the tail.	
Deuteronomy 28:47	Because thou servedst not the LORD thy God with joyfulness, and with gladness of heart, for the abundance of all things;	
Deuteronomy 28:50	A nation of fierce countenance, which shall not regard the person of the old, nor show favor to the young:	
Deuteronomy 28:51	And he shall eat the fruit of thy cattle, and the fruit of thy land, until thou be destroyed: which also shall not leave thee either corn, wine, or oil, or the increase of thy kine, or flocks of thy sheep, until he have destroyed thee.	
Deuteronomy 28:53	And thou shalt eat the fruit of thine own body, the flesh of thy sons and of thy daughters, which the LORD thy God hath given thee, in the siege, and in the straitness, wherewith thine enemies shall distress thee:	
Deuteronomy 28:55	So that he will not give to any of them of the flesh of his children whom he shall eat: because he hath nothing left him in the siege, and in the straitness, wherewith thine enemies shall distress thee in all thy gates.	
Deuteronomy 28:6	Blessed shalt thou be when thou comest in, and blessed shalt thou be when thou goest out.	
Deuteronomy 28:60	Moreover he will bring upon thee all the diseases of Egypt, which thou wast afraid of; and they shall cleave unto thee.	
Deuteronomy 28:61	Also every sickness, and every plague, which is not written in the book of this law, them will the LORD bring upon thee, until thou be destroyed.	
Deuteronomy 28:64	And the LORD shall scatter thee among all people, from the one end of the earth even unto the other; and there thou shalt serve other gods, which neither thou nor thy fathers have known, even wood and stone.	
Deuteronomy 28:65	And among these nations shalt thou find no ease, neither shall the sole of thy foot have rest: but the LORD shall give thee there a trembling heart, and failing of eyes, and sorrow of mind:	
Deuteronomy 28:66	And thy life shall hang in doubt before thee; and thou shalt fear day and night, and shalt have none assurance of thy life:	
Deuteronomy 28:68	And the LORD shall bring thee into Egypt again with ships, by the way whereof I spake unto thee, Thou shalt see it no more again: and there ye shall be sold unto your enemies for bondmen and bondwomen, and no man shall buy you.	
Deuteronomy 28:9	The LORD shall establish thee an holy people unto himself, as he hath sworn unto thee, if thou shalt keep the commandments of the LORD thy God, and walk in his ways.	
Deuteronomy 29:17	And ye have seen their abominations, and their idols, wood and stone, silver and gold, which were among them:)	
Deuteronomy 29:26	For they went and served other gods, and worshipped them, gods whom they knew not, and whom he had not given unto them:	
Deuteronomy 29:27	And the anger of the LORD was kindled against this land, to bring upon it all the curses that are written in this book:	
Deuteronomy 29:29	The secret things belong unto the LORD our God: but those things which are revealed belong unto us and to our children for ever, that we may do all the words of this law.	
Deuteronomy 2:19	And when thou comest nigh over against the children of Ammon, distress them not, nor meddle with them: for I will not give thee of the land of the children of Ammon any possession; because I have given it unto the children of Lot for a possession.	
Deuteronomy 2:26	And I sent messengers out of the wilderness of Kedemoth unto Sihon king of Heshbon with words of peace, saying,	
Deuteronomy 2:35	Only the cattle we took for a prey unto ourselves, and the spoil of the cities which we took.	
Deuteronomy 30:19	I call heaven and earth to record this day against you, that I have set before you life and death, blessing and cursing: therefore choose life, that both thou and thy seed may live:	
Deuteronomy 31:1	And Moses went and spake these words unto all Israel.	
Deuteronomy 31:10	And Moses commanded them, saying, At the end of every seven years, in the solemnity of the year of release, in the feast of tabernacles,	
Deuteronomy 31:15	And the LORD appeared in the tabernacle in a pillar of a cloud: and the pillar of the cloud stood over the door of the tabernacle.	
Deuteronomy 31:17	Then my anger shall be kindled against them in that day, and I will forsake them, and I will hide my face from them, and they shall be devoured, and many evils and troubles shall befall them; so that they will say in that day, Are not these evils come upon us, because our God is not among us?	
Deuteronomy 31:20	For when I shall have brought them into the land which I sware unto their fathers, that floweth with milk and honey; and they shall have eaten and filled themselves, and waxen fat; then will they turn unto other gods, and serve them, and provoke me, and break my covenant.	
Deuteronomy 31:21	And it shall come to pass, when many evils and troubles are befallen them, that this song shall testify against them as a witness; for it shall not be forgotten out of the mouths of their seed: for I know their imagination which they go about, even now, before I have brought them into the land which I sware.	
Deuteronomy 31:24	And it came to pass, when Moses had made an end of writing the words of this law in a book, until they were finished,	
Deuteronomy 31:28	Gather unto me all the elders of your tribes, and your officers, that I may speak these words in their ears, and call heaven and earth to record against them.	
Deuteronomy 31:30	And Moses spake in the ears of all the congregation of Israel the words of this song, until they were ended.	
Deuteronomy 31:5	And the LORD shall give them up before your face, that ye may do unto them according unto all the commandments which I have commanded you.	
Deuteronomy 32:12	So the LORD alone did lead him, and there was no strange god with him.	
Deuteronomy 32:15	But Jeshurun waxed fat, and kicked: thou art waxen fat, thou art grown thick, thou art covered with fatness; then he forsook God which made him, and lightly esteemed the Rock of his salvation.	
Deuteronomy 32:20	And he said, I will hide my face from them, I will see what their end shall be: for they are a very froward generation, children in whom is no faith.	
Deuteronomy 32:22	For a fire is kindled in mine anger, and shall burn unto the lowest hell, and shall consume the earth with her increase, and set on fire the foundations of the mountains.	
Deuteronomy 32:23	I will heap mischiefs upon them; I will spend mine arrows upon them.	
Deuteronomy 32:25	The sword without, and terror within, shall destroy both the young man and the virgin, the suckling also with the man of gray hairs.	
Deuteronomy 32:30	How should one chase a thousand, and two put ten thousand to flight, except their Rock had sold them, and the LORD had shut them up?	
Deuteronomy 32:34	Is not this laid up in store with me, and sealed up among my treasures?	
Deuteronomy 32:45	And Moses made an end of speaking all these words to all Israel:	
Deuteronomy 32:48	And the LORD spake unto Moses that selfsame day, saying,	
Deuteronomy 32:50	And die in the mount whither thou goest up, and be gathered unto thy people; as Aaron thy brother died in mount Hor, and was gathered unto his people:	
Deuteronomy 32:52	Yet thou shalt see the land before thee; but thou shalt not go thither unto the land which I give the children of Israel.	
Deuteronomy 32:6	Do ye thus requite the LORD, O foolish people and unwise? is not he thy father that hath bought thee? hath he not made thee, and established thee?	
Deuteronomy 33:15	And for the chief things of the ancient mountains, and for the precious things of the lasting hills,	
Deuteronomy 33:2	And he said, The LORD came from Sinai, and rose up from Seir unto them; he shined forth from mount Paran, and he came with ten thousands of saints: from his right hand went a fiery law for them.	
Deuteronomy 33:20	And of Gad he said, Blessed be he that enlargeth Gad: he dwelleth as a lion, and teareth the arm with the crown of the head.	
Deuteronomy 33:22	And of Dan he said, Dan is a lion's whelp: he shall leap from Bashan.	
Deuteronomy 33:24	And of Asher he said, Let Asher be blessed with children; let him be acceptable to his brethren, and let him dip his foot in oil.	
Deuteronomy 33:26	There is none like unto the God of Jeshurun, who rideth upon the heaven in thy help, and in his excellency on the sky.	
Deuteronomy 33:3	Yea, he loved the people; all his saints are in thy hand: and they sat down at thy feet; every one shall receive of thy words.	
Deuteronomy 34:10	And there arose not a prophet since in Israel like unto Moses, whom the LORD knew face to face,	
Deuteronomy 34:11	In all the signs and the wonders, which the LORD sent him to do in the land of Egypt to Pharaoh, and to all his servants, and to all his land,	
Deuteronomy 34:4	And the LORD said unto him, This is the land which I sware unto Abraham, unto Isaac, and unto Jacob, saying, I will give it unto thy seed: I have caused thee to see it with thine eyes, but thou shalt not go over thither.	
Deuteronomy 3:12	And this land, which we possessed at that time, from Aroer, which is by the river Arnon, and half mount Gilead, and the cities thereof, gave I unto the Reubenites and to the Gadites.	
Deuteronomy 3:14	Jair the son of Manasseh took all the country of Argob unto the coasts of Geshuri and Maachathi; and called them after his own name, Bashanhavothjair, unto this day.	
Deuteronomy 3:19	But your wives, and your little ones, and your cattle, (for I know that ye have much cattle,) shall abide in your cities which I have given you;	
Deuteronomy 3:25	I pray thee, let me go over, and see the good land that is beyond Jordan, that goodly mountain, and Lebanon.	
Deuteronomy 3:26	But the LORD was wroth with me for your sakes, and would not hear me: and the LORD said unto me, Let it suffice thee; speak no more unto me of this matter.	
Deuteronomy 4:1	Now therefore hearken, O Israel, unto the statutes and unto the judgments, which I teach you, for to do them, that ye may live, and go in and possess the land which the LORD God of your fathers giveth you.	
Deuteronomy 4:10	Specially the day that thou stoodest before the LORD thy God in Horeb, when the LORD said unto me, Gather me the people together, and I will make them hear my words, that they may learn to fear me all the days that they shall live upon the earth, and that they may teach their children.	
Deuteronomy 4:20	But the LORD hath taken you, and brought you forth out of the iron furnace, even out of Egypt, to be unto him a people of inheritance, as ye are this day.	
Deuteronomy 4:22	But I must die in this land, I must not go over Jordan: but ye shall go over, and possess that good land.	
Deuteronomy 4:25	When thou shalt beget children, and children's children, and ye shall have remained long in the land, and shall corrupt yourselves, and make a graven image, or the likeness of any thing, and shall do evil in the sight of the LORD thy God, to provoke him to anger:	
Deuteronomy 4:26	I call heaven and earth to witness against you this day, that ye shall soon utterly perish from off the land whereunto ye go over Jordan to possess it; ye shall not prolong your days upon it, but shall utterly be destroyed.	
Deuteronomy 4:3	Your eyes have seen what the LORD did because of Baalpeor: for all the men that followed Baalpeor, the LORD thy God hath destroyed them from among you.	
Deuteronomy 4:32	For ask now of the days that are past, which were before thee, since the day that God created man upon the earth, and ask from the one side of heaven unto the other, whether there hath been any such thing as this great thing is, or hath been heard like it?	
Deuteronomy 4:40	Thou shalt keep therefore his statutes, and his commandments, which I command thee this day, that it may go well with thee, and with thy children after thee, and that thou mayest prolong thy days upon the earth, which the LORD thy God giveth thee, for ever.	
Deuteronomy 4:46	On this side Jordan, in the valley over against Bethpeor, in the land of Sihon king of the Amorites, who dwelt at Heshbon, whom Moses and the children of Israel smote, after they were come forth out of Egypt:	
Deuteronomy 4:6	Keep therefore and do them; for this is your wisdom and your understanding in the sight of the nations, which shall hear all these statutes, and say, Surely this great nation is a wise and understanding people.	
Deuteronomy 4:9	Only take heed to thyself, and keep thy soul diligently, lest thou forget the things which thine eyes have seen, and lest they depart from thy heart all the days of thy life: but teach them thy sons, and thy sons' sons;	
Deuteronomy 5:10	And showing mercy unto thousands of them that love me and keep my commandments.	
Deuteronomy 5:14	But the seventh day is the sabbath of the LORD thy God: in it thou shalt not do any work, thou, nor thy son, nor thy daughter, nor thy manservant, nor thy maidservant, nor thine ox, nor thine ass, nor any of thy cattle, nor thy stranger that is within thy gates; that thy manservant and thy maidservant may rest as well as thou.	
Deuteronomy 5:19	Neither shalt thou steal.	
Deuteronomy 5:22	These words the LORD spake unto all your assembly in the mount out of the midst of the fire, of the cloud, and of the thick darkness, with a great voice: and he added no more. And he wrote them in two tables of stone, and delivered them unto me.	
Deuteronomy 5:25	Now therefore why should we die? for this great fire will consume us: if we hear the voice of the LORD our God any more, then we shall die.	
Deuteronomy 5:26	For who is there of all flesh, that hath heard the voice of the living God speaking out of the midst of the fire, as we have, and lived?	
Deuteronomy 5:27	Go thou near, and hear all that the LORD our God shall say: and speak thou unto us all that the LORD our God shall speak unto thee; and we will hear it, and do it.	
Deuteronomy 5:3	The LORD made not this covenant with our fathers, but with us, even us, who are all of us here alive this day.	
Deuteronomy 5:33	Ye shall walk in all the ways which the LORD your God hath commanded you, that ye may live, and that it may be well with you, and that ye may prolong your days in the land which ye shall possess.	
Deuteronomy 5:9	Thou shalt not bow down thyself unto them, nor serve them: for I the LORD thy God am a jealous God, visiting the iniquity of the fathers upon the children unto the third and fourth generation of them that hate me,	
Deuteronomy 6:10	And it shall be, when the LORD thy God shall have brought thee into the land which he sware unto thy fathers, to Abraham, to Isaac, and to Jacob, to give thee great and goodly cities, which thou buildedst not,	
Deuteronomy 6:15	(For the LORD thy God is a jealous God among you) lest the anger of the LORD thy God be kindled against thee, and destroy thee from off the face of the earth.	
Deuteronomy 6:17	Ye shall diligently keep the commandments of the LORD your God, and his testimonies, and his statutes, which he hath commanded thee.	
Deuteronomy 6:2	That thou mightest fear the LORD thy God, to keep all his statutes and his commandments, which I command thee, thou, and thy son, and thy son's son, all the days of thy life; and that thy days may be prolonged.	
Deuteronomy 7:1	When the LORD thy God shall bring thee into the land whither thou goest to possess it, and hath cast out many nations before thee, the Hittites, and the Girgashites, and the Amorites, and the Canaanites, and the Perizzites, and the Hivites, and the Jebusites, seven nations greater and mightier than thou;	
Deuteronomy 7:13	And he will love thee, and bless thee, and multiply thee: he will also bless the fruit of thy womb, and the fruit of thy land, thy corn, and thy wine, and thine oil, the increase of thy kine, and the flocks of thy sheep, in the land which he sware unto thy fathers to give thee.	
Deuteronomy 7:17	If thou shalt say in thine heart, These nations are more than I; how can I dispossess them?	
Deuteronomy 7:19	The great temptations which thine eyes saw, and the signs, and the wonders, and the mighty hand, and the stretched out arm, whereby the LORD thy God brought thee out: so shall the LORD thy God do unto all the people of whom thou art afraid.	
Deuteronomy 7:20	Moreover the LORD thy God will send the hornet among them, until they that are left, and hide themselves from thee, be destroyed.	
Deuteronomy 7:22	And the LORD thy God will put out those nations before thee by little and little: thou mayest not consume them at once, lest the beasts of the field increase upon thee.	
Deuteronomy 7:25	The graven images of their gods shall ye burn with fire: thou shalt not desire the silver or gold that is on them, nor take it unto thee, lest thou be snared therein: for it is an abomination to the LORD thy God.	
Deuteronomy 7:26	Neither shalt thou bring an abomination into thine house, lest thou be a cursed thing like it: but thou shalt utterly detest it, and thou shalt utterly abhor it; for it is a cursed thing.	
Deuteronomy 7:3	Neither shalt thou make marriages with them; thy daughter thou shalt not give unto his son, nor his daughter shalt thou take unto thy son.	
Deuteronomy 7:4	For they will turn away thy son from following me, that they may serve other gods: so will the anger of the LORD be kindled against you, and destroy thee suddenly.	
Deuteronomy 7:5	But thus shall ye deal with them; ye shall destroy their altars, and break down their images, and cut down their groves, and burn their graven images with fire.	
Deuteronomy 7:6	For thou art an holy people unto the LORD thy God: the LORD thy God hath chosen thee to be a special people unto himself, above all people that are upon the face of the earth.	
Deuteronomy 7:7	The LORD did not set his love upon you, nor choose you, because ye were more in number than any people; for ye were the fewest of all people:	
Deuteronomy 7:8	But because the LORD loved you, and because he would keep the oath which he had sworn unto your fathers, hath the LORD brought you out with a mighty hand, and redeemed you out of the house of bondmen, from the hand of Pharaoh king of Egypt.	
Deuteronomy 8:1	All the commandments which I command thee this day shall ye observe to do, that ye may live, and multiply, and go in and possess the land which the LORD sware unto your fathers.	
Deuteronomy 8:16	Who fed thee in the wilderness with manna, which thy fathers knew not, that he might humble thee, and that he might prove thee, to do thee good at thy latter end;	
Deuteronomy 8:3	And he humbled thee, and suffered thee to hunger, and fed thee with manna, which thou knewest not, neither did thy fathers know; that he might make thee know that man doth not live by bread only, but by every word that proceedeth out of the mouth of the LORD doth man live.	
Deuteronomy 8:6	Therefore thou shalt keep the commandments of the LORD thy God, to walk in his ways, and to fear him.	
Deuteronomy 9:12	And the LORD said unto me, Arise, get thee down quickly from hence; for thy people which thou hast brought forth out of Egypt have corrupted themselves; they are quickly turned aside out of the way which I commanded them; they have made them a molten image.	
Deuteronomy 9:15	So I turned and came down from the mount, and the mount burned with fire: and the two tables of the covenant were in my two hands.	
Deuteronomy 9:19	For I was afraid of the anger and hot displeasure, wherewith the LORD was wroth against you to destroy you. But the LORD hearkened unto me at that time also.	
Deuteronomy 9:6	Understand therefore, that the LORD thy God giveth thee not this good land to possess it for thy righteousness; for thou art a stiffnecked people.	
Deuteronomy 9:8	Also in Horeb ye provoked the LORD to wrath, so that the LORD was angry with you to have destroyed you.	
Deuteronomy 9:9	When I was gone up into the mount to receive the tables of stone, even the tables of the covenant which the LORD made with you, then I abode in the mount forty days and forty nights, I neither did eat bread nor drink water:	
Ecclesiastes 10:1	Dead flies cause the ointment of the apothecary to send forth a stinking savour: so doth a little folly him that is in reputation for wisdom and honour.	
Ecclesiastes 10:11	Surely the serpent will bite without enchantment; and a babbler is no better.	
Ecclesiastes 10:14	A fool also is full of words: a man cannot tell what shall be; and what shall be after him, who can tell him?	
Ecclesiastes 10:15	The labour of the foolish wearieth every one of them, because he knoweth not how to go to the city.	
Ecclesiastes 11:3	If the clouds be full of rain, they empty themselves upon the earth: and if the tree fall toward the south, or toward the north, in the place where the tree falleth, there it shall be.	
Ecclesiastes 11:6	In the morning sow thy seed, and in the evening withhold not thine hand: for thou knowest not whether shall prosper, either this or that, or whether they both shall be alike good.	
Ecclesiastes 12:11	The words of the wise are as goads, and as nails fastened by the masters of assemblies, which are given from one shepherd.	
Ecclesiastes 12:13	Let us hear the conclusion of the whole matter: Fear God, and keep his commandments: for this is the whole duty of man.	
Ecclesiastes 12:2	While the sun, or the light, or the moon, or the stars, be not darkened, nor the clouds return after the rain:	
Ecclesiastes 12:4	And the doors shall be shut in the streets, when the sound of the grinding is low, and he shall rise up at the voice of the bird, and all the daughters of musick shall be brought low;	
Ecclesiastes 1:1	The words of the Preacher, the son of David, king in Jerusalem.	
Ecclesiastes 1:10	Is there any thing whereof it may be said, See, this is new? it hath been already of old time, which was before us.	
Ecclesiastes 1:11	There is no remembrance of former things; neither shall there be any remembrance of things that are to come with those that shall come after.	
Ecclesiastes 1:13	And I gave my heart to seek and search out by wisdom concerning all things that are done under heaven: this sore travail hath God given to the sons of man to be exercised therewith.	
Ecclesiastes 1:15	That which is crooked cannot be made straight: and that which is wanting cannot be numbered.	
Ecclesiastes 1:16	I communed with mine own heart, saying, Lo, I am come to great estate, and have gotten more wisdom than all they that have been before me in Jerusalem: yea, my heart had great experience of wisdom and knowledge.	
Ecclesiastes 1:17	And I gave my heart to know wisdom, and to know madness and folly: I perceived that this also is vexation of spirit.	
Ecclesiastes 1:2	Vanity of vanities, saith the Preacher, vanity of vanities; all is vanity.	
Ecclesiastes 2:1	I said in mine heart, Go to now, I will prove thee with mirth, therefore enjoy pleasure: and, behold, this also is vanity.	
Ecclesiastes 2:10	And whatsoever mine eyes desired I kept not from them, I withheld not my heart from any joy; for my heart rejoiced in all my labour: and this was my portion of all my labour.	
Ecclesiastes 2:12	And I turned myself to behold wisdom, and madness, and folly: for what can the man do that cometh after the king? even that which hath been already done.	
Ecclesiastes 2:17	Therefore I hated life; because the work that is wrought under the sun is grievous unto me: for all is vanity and vexation of spirit.	
Ecclesiastes 2:2	I said of laughter, It is mad: and of mirth, What doeth it?	
Ecclesiastes 2:23	For all his days are sorrows, and his travail grief; yea, his heart taketh not rest in the night. This is also vanity.	
Ecclesiastes 2:24	There is nothing better for a man, than that he should eat and drink, and that he should make his soul enjoy good in his labour. This also I saw, that it was from the hand of God.	
Ecclesiastes 2:26	For God giveth to a man that is good in his sight wisdom, and knowledge, and joy: but to the sinner he giveth travail, to gather and to heap up, that he may give to him that is good before God. This also is vanity and vexation of spirit.	
Ecclesiastes 2:5	I made me gardens and orchards, and I planted trees in them of all kind of fruits:	
Ecclesiastes 2:8	I gathered me also silver and gold, and the peculiar treasure of kings and of the provinces: I gat me men singers and women singers, and the delights of the sons of men, as musical instruments, and that of all sorts.	
Ecclesiastes 3:3	A time to kill, and a time to heal; a time to break down, and a time to build up;	
Ecclesiastes 3:8	A time to love, and a time to hate; a time of war, and a time of peace.	
Ecclesiastes 4:15	I considered all the living which walk under the sun, with the second child that shall stand up in his stead.	
Ecclesiastes 4:5	The fool foldeth his hands together, and eateth his own flesh.	
Ecclesiastes 5:1	Keep thy foot when thou goest to the house of God, and be more ready to hear, than to give the sacrifice of fools: for they consider not that they do evil.	
Ecclesiastes 5:11	When goods increase, they are increased that eat them: and what good is there to the owners thereof, saving the beholding of them with their eyes?	
Ecclesiastes 5:13	There is a sore evil which I have seen under the sun, namely, riches kept for the owners thereof to their hurt.	
Ecclesiastes 5:14	But those riches perish by evil travail: and he begetteth a son, and there is nothing in his hand.	
Ecclesiastes 5:16	And this also is a sore evil, that in all points as he came, so shall he go: and what profit hath he that hath laboured for the wind?	
Ecclesiastes 5:17	All his days also he eateth in darkness, and he hath much sorrow and wrath with his sickness.	
Ecclesiastes 5:7	For in the multitude of dreams and many words there are also divers vanities: but fear thou God.	
Ecclesiastes 6:12	For who knoweth what is good for man in this life, all the days of his vain life which he spendeth as a shadow? for who can tell a man what shall be after him under the sun?	
Ecclesiastes 6:3	If a man beget an hundred children, and live many years, so that the days of his years be many, and his soul be not filled with good, and also that he have no burial; I say, that an untimely birth is better than he.	
Ecclesiastes 6:4	For he cometh in with vanity, and departeth in darkness, and his name shall be covered with darkness.	
Ecclesiastes 6:6	Yea, though he live a thousand years twice told, yet hath he seen no good: do not all go to one place?	
Ecclesiastes 6:7	All the labour of man is for his mouth, and yet the appetite is not filled.	
Ecclesiastes 6:8	For what hath the wise more than the fool? what hath the poor, that knoweth to walk before the living?	
Ecclesiastes 7:10	Say not thou, What is the cause that the former days were better than these? for thou dost not enquire wisely concerning this.	
Ecclesiastes 7:14	In the day of prosperity be joyful, but in the day of adversity consider: God also hath set the one over against the other, to the end that man should find nothing after him.	
Ecclesiastes 7:29	Lo, this only have I found, that God hath made man upright; but they have sought out many inventions.	
Ecclesiastes 7:4	The heart of the wise is in the house of mourning; but the heart of fools is in the house of mirth.	
Ecclesiastes 7:8	Better is the end of a thing than the beginning thereof: and the patient in spirit is better than the proud in spirit.	
Ecclesiastes 8:14	There is a vanity which is done upon the earth; that there be just men, unto whom it happeneth according to the work of the wicked; again, there be wicked men, to whom it happeneth according to the work of the righteous: I said that this also is vanity.	
Ecclesiastes 8:2	I counsel thee to keep the king's commandment, and that in regard of the oath of God.	
Ecclesiastes 8:6	Because to every purpose there is time and judgment, therefore the misery of man is great upon him.	
Ecclesiastes 8:8	There is no man that hath power over the spirit to retain the spirit; neither hath he power in the day of death: and there is no discharge in that war; neither shall wickedness deliver those that are given to it.	
Ecclesiastes 9:13	This wisdom have I seen also under the sun, and it seemed great unto me:	
Ecclesiastes 9:16	Then said I, Wisdom is better than strength: nevertheless the poor man's wisdom is despised, and his words are not heard.	
Ecclesiastes 9:2	All things come alike to all: there is one event to the righteous, and to the wicked; to the good and to the clean, and to the unclean; to him that sacrificeth, and to him that sacrificeth not: as is the good, so is the sinner; and he that sweareth, as he that feareth an oath.	
Ecclesiastes 9:3	This is an evil among all things that are done under the sun, that there is one event unto all: yea, also the heart of the sons of men is full of evil, and madness is in their heart while they live, and after that they go to the dead.	
Ecclesiastes 9:7	Go thy way, eat thy bread with joy, and drink thy wine with a merry heart; for God now accepteth thy works.	
Ecclesiastes 9:9	Live joyfully with the wife whom thou lovest all the days of the life of thy vanity, which he hath given thee under the sun, all the days of thy vanity: for that is thy portion in this life, and in thy labour which thou takest under the sun.	
Ephesians 1:10	That in the dispensation of the fulness of times he might gather together in one all things in Christ, both which are in heaven, and which are on earth; even in him:	
Ephesians 1:12	That we should be to the praise of his glory, who first trusted in Christ.	
Ephesians 1:13	In whom ye also trusted, after that ye heard the word of truth, the gospel of your salvation: in whom also after that ye believed, ye were sealed with that holy Spirit of promise,	
Ephesians 1:20	Which he wrought in Christ, when he raised him from the dead, and set him at his own right hand in the heavenly places,	
Ephesians 1:4	According as he hath chosen us in him before the foundation of the world, that we should be holy and without blame before him in love:	
Ephesians 1:6	To the praise of the glory of his grace, wherein he hath made us accepted in the beloved.	
Ephesians 2:4	But God, who is rich in mercy, for his great love wherewith he loved us,	
Ephesians 2:6	And hath raised us up together, and made us sit together in heavenly places in Christ Jesus:	
Ephesians 3:17	That Christ may dwell in your hearts by faith; that ye, being rooted and grounded in love,	
Ephesians 3:18	May be able to comprehend with all saints what is the breadth, and length, and depth, and height;	
Ephesians 3:19	And to know the love of Christ, which passeth knowledge, that ye might be filled with all the fulness of God.	
Ephesians 3:3	How that by revelation he made known unto me the mystery; (as I wrote afore in few words,	
Ephesians 4:1	I therefore, the prisoner of the Lord, beseech you that ye walk worthy of the vocation wherewith ye are called,	
Ephesians 4:14	That we henceforth be no more children, tossed to and fro, and carried about with every wind of doctrine, by the sleight of men, and cunning craftiness, whereby they lie in wait to deceive;	
Ephesians 4:18	Having the understanding darkened, being alienated from the life of God through the ignorance that is in them, because of the blindness of their heart:	
Ephesians 4:2	With all lowliness and meekness, with longsuffering, forbearing one another in love;	
Ephesians 4:21	If so be that ye have heard him, and have been taught by him, as the truth is in Jesus:	
Ephesians 4:24	And that ye put on the new man, which after God is created in righteousness and true holiness.	
Ephesians 4:26	Be ye angry, and sin not: let not the sun go down upon your wrath:	
Ephesians 5:16	Redeeming the time, because the days are evil.	
Ephesians 5:21	Submitting yourselves one to another in the fear of God.	
Ephesians 5:24	Therefore as the church is subject unto Christ, so let the wives be to their own husbands in every thing.	
Ephesians 5:26	That he might sanctify and cleanse it with the washing of water by the word,	
Ephesians 5:27	That he might present it to himself a glorious church, not having spot, or wrinkle, or any such thing; but that it should be holy and without blemish.	
Ephesians 6:12	For we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities, against powers, against the rulers of the darkness of this world, against spiritual wickedness in high places.	
Ephesians 6:21	But that ye also may know my affairs, and how I do, Tychicus, a beloved brother and faithful minister in the Lord, shall make known to you all things:	
Ephesians 6:23	Peace be to the brethren, and love with faith, from God the Father and the Lord Jesus Christ.	
Ephesians 6:6	Not with eyeservice, as menpleasers; but as the servants of Christ, doing the will of God from the heart;	
Ephesians 6:7	With good will doing service, as to the Lord, and not to men:	
Esther 10:1	And the king Ahasuerus laid a tribute upon the land, and upon the isles of the sea.	
Esther 1:10	On the seventh day, when the heart of the king was merry with wine, he commanded Mehuman, Biztha, Harbona, Bigtha, and Abagtha, Zethar, and Carcas, the seven chamberlains that served in the presence of Ahasuerus the king,	
Esther 1:15	What shall we do unto the queen Vashti according to law, because she hath not performed the commandment of the king Ahasuerus by the chamberlains?	
Esther 1:18	Likewise shall the ladies of Persia and Media say this day unto all the king's princes, which have heard of the deed of the queen. Thus shall there arise too much contempt and wrath.	
Esther 1:4	When he shewed the riches of his glorious kingdom and the honour of his excellent majesty many days, even an hundred and fourscore days.	
Esther 1:6	Where were white, green, and blue, hangings, fastened with cords of fine linen and purple to silver rings and pillars of marble: the beds were of gold and silver, upon a pavement of red, and blue, and white, and black, marble.	
Esther 1:7	And they gave them drink in vessels of gold, (the vessels being diverse one from another,) and royal wine in abundance, according to the state of the king.	
Esther 1:8	And the drinking was according to the law; none did compel: for so the king had appointed to all the officers of his house, that they should do according to every man's pleasure.	
Esther 1:9	Also Vashti the queen made a feast for the women in the royal house which belonged to king Ahasuerus.	
Esther 2:10	Esther had not shewed her people nor her kindred: for Mordecai had charged her that she should not shew it.	
Esther 2:21	In those days, while Mordecai sat in the king's gate, two of the king's chamberlains, Bigthan and Teresh, of those which kept the door, were wroth, and sought to lay hands on the king Ahasuerus.	
Esther 2:3	And let the king appoint officers in all the provinces of his kingdom, that they may gather together all the fair young virgins unto Shushan the palace, to the house of the women, unto the custody of Hege the king's chamberlain, keeper of the women; and let their things for purification be given them:	
Esther 2:4	And let the maiden which pleaseth the king be queen instead of Vashti. And the thing pleased the king; and he did so.	
Esther 3:1	After these things did king Ahasuerus promote Haman the son of Hammedatha the Agagite, and advanced him, and set his seat above all the princes that were with him.	
Esther 3:12	Then were the king's scribes called on the thirteenth day of the first month, and there was written according to all that Haman had commanded unto the king's lieutenants, and to the governors that were over every province, and to the rulers of every people of every province according to the writing thereof, and to every people after their language; in the name of king Ahasuerus was it written, and sealed with the king's ring.	
Esther 3:14	The copy of the writing for a commandment to be given in every province was published unto all people, that they should be ready against that day.	
Esther 3:2	And all the king's servants, that were in the king's gate, bowed, and reverenced Haman: for the king had so commanded concerning him. But Mordecai bowed not, nor did him reverence.	
Esther 3:6	And he thought scorn to lay hands on Mordecai alone; for they had shewed him the people of Mordecai: wherefore Haman sought to destroy all the Jews that were throughout the whole kingdom of Ahasuerus, even the people of Mordecai.	
Esther 3:8	And Haman said unto king Ahasuerus, There is a certain people scattered abroad and dispersed among the people in all the provinces of thy kingdom; and their laws are diverse from all people; neither keep they the king's laws: therefore it is not for the king's profit to suffer them.	
Esther 3:9	If it please the king, let it be written that they may be destroyed: and I will pay ten thousand talents of silver to the hands of those that have the charge of the business, to bring it into the king's treasuries.	
Esther 4:1	When Mordecai perceived all that was done, Mordecai rent his clothes, and put on sackcloth with ashes, and went out into the midst of the city, and cried with a loud and a bitter cry;	
Esther 4:10	Again Esther spake unto Hatach, and gave him commandment unto Mordecai;	
Esther 4:13	Then Mordecai commanded to answer Esther, Think not with thyself that thou shalt escape in the king's house, more than all the Jews.	
Esther 4:5	Then called Esther for Hatach, one of the king's chamberlains, whom he had appointed to attend upon her, and gave him a commandment to Mordecai, to know what it was, and why it was.	
Esther 4:9	And Hatach came and told Esther the words of Mordecai.	
Esther 5:11	And Haman told them of the glory of his riches, and the multitude of his children, and all the things wherein the king had promoted him, and how he had advanced him above the princes and servants of the king.	
Esther 5:14	Then said Zeresh his wife and all his friends unto him, Let a gallows be made of fifty cubits high, and to morrow speak thou unto the king that Mordecai may be hanged thereon: then go thou in merrily with the king unto the banquet. And the thing pleased Haman; and he caused the gallows to be made.	
Esther 5:4	And Esther answered, If it seem good unto the king, let the king and Haman come this day unto the banquet that I have prepared for him.	
Esther 5:8	If I have found favour in the sight of the king, and if it please the king to grant my petition, and to perform my request, let the king and Haman come to the banquet that I shall prepare for them, and I will do to morrow as the king hath said.	
Esther 6:10	Then the king said to Haman, Make haste, and take the apparel and the horse, as thou hast said, and do even so to Mordecai the Jew, that sitteth at the king's gate: let nothing fail of all that thou hast spoken.	
Esther 6:4	And the king said, Who is in the court? Now Haman was come into the outward court of the king's house, to speak unto the king to hang Mordecai on the gallows that he had prepared for him.	
Esther 6:7	And Haman answered the king, For the man whom the king delighteth to honour,	
Esther 6:8	Let the royal apparel be brought which the king useth to wear, and the horse that the king rideth upon, and the crown royal which is set upon his head:	
Esther 6:9	And let this apparel and horse be delivered to the hand of one of the king's most noble princes, that they may array the man withal whom the king delighteth to honour, and bring him on horseback through the street of the city, and proclaim before him, Thus shall it be done to the man whom the king delighteth to honour.	
Esther 7:3	Then Esther the queen answered and said, If I have found favour in thy sight, O king, and if it please the king, let my life be given me at my petition, and my people at my request:	
Esther 7:5	Then the king Ahasuerus answered and said unto Esther the queen, Who is he, and where is he, that durst presume in his heart to do so?	
Esther 7:9	And Harbonah, one of the chamberlains, said before the king, Behold also, the gallows fifty cubits high, which Haman had made for Mordecai, who spoken good for the king, standeth in the house of Haman. Then the king said, Hang him thereon.	
Esther 8:14	So the posts that rode upon mules and camels went out, being hastened and pressed on by the king's commandment. And the decree was given at Shushan the palace.	
Esther 8:16	The Jews had light, and gladness, and joy, and honour.	
Esther 8:17	And in every province, and in every city, whithersoever the king's commandment and his decree came, the Jews had joy and gladness, a feast and a good day. And many of the people of the land became Jews; for the fear of the Jews fell upon them.	
Esther 8:3	And Esther spake yet again before the king, and fell down at his feet, and besought him with tears to put away the mischief of Haman the Agagite, and his device that he had devised against the Jews.	
Esther 8:5	And said, If it please the king, and if I have favour in his sight, and the thing seem right before the king, and I be pleasing in his eyes, let it be written to reverse the letters devised by Haman the son of Hammedatha the Agagite, which he wrote to destroy the Jews which are in all the king's provinces:	
Esther 9:10	The ten sons of Haman the son of Hammedatha, the enemy of the Jews, slew they; but on the spoil laid they not their hand.	
Esther 9:11	On that day the number of those that were slain in Shushan the palace was brought before the king.	
Esther 9:20	And Mordecai wrote these things, and sent letters unto all the Jews that were in all the provinces of the king Ahasuerus, both nigh and far,	
Esther 9:22	As the days wherein the Jews rested from their enemies, and the month which was turned unto them from sorrow to joy, and from mourning into a good day: that they should make them days of feasting and joy, and of sending portions one to another, and gifts to the poor.	
Esther 9:25	But when Esther came before the king, he commanded by letters that his wicked device, which he devised against the Jews, should return upon his own head, and that he and his sons should be hanged on the gallows.	
Esther 9:26	Wherefore they called these days Purim after the name of Pur. Therefore for all the words of this letter, and of that which they had seen concerning this matter, and which had come unto them,	
Esther 9:29	Then Esther the queen, the daughter of Abihail, and Mordecai the Jew, wrote with all authority, to confirm this second letter of Purim.	
Esther 9:3	And all the rulers of the provinces, and the lieutenants, and the deputies, and officers of the king, helped the Jews; because the fear of Mordecai fell upon them.	
Exodus 10:14	And the locust went up over all the land of Egypt, and rested in all the coasts of Egypt: very grievous were they; before them there were no such locusts as they, neither after them shall be such.	
Exodus 10:16	Then Pharaoh called for Moses and Aaron in haste; and he said, I have sinned against the LORD your God, and against you.	
Exodus 10:18	And he went out from Pharaoh, and entreated the LORD.	
Exodus 10:20	But the LORD hardened Pharaoh's heart, so that he would not let the children of Israel go.	
Exodus 10:22	And Moses stretched forth his hand toward heaven; and there was a thick darkness in all the land of Egypt three days:	
Exodus 10:25	And Moses said, Thou must give us also sacrifices and burnt offerings, that we may sacrifice unto the LORD our God.	
Exodus 10:6	And they shall fill thy houses, and the houses of all thy servants, and the houses of all the Egyptians; which neither thy fathers, nor thy fathers' fathers have seen, since the day that they were upon the earth unto this day. And he turned himself, and went out from Pharaoh.	
Exodus 10:7	And Pharaoh's servants said unto him, How long shall this man be a snare unto us? let the men go, that they may serve the LORD their God: knowest thou not yet that Egypt is destroyed?	
Exodus 11:1	And the LORD said unto Moses, Yet will I bring one plague more upon Pharaoh, and upon Egypt; afterwards he will let you go hence: when he shall let you go, he shall surely thrust you out hence altogether.	
Exodus 11:3	And the LORD gave the people favor in the sight of the Egyptians. Moreover the man Moses was very great in the land of Egypt, in the sight of Pharaoh's servants, and in the sight of the people.	
Exodus 11:4	And Moses said, Thus saith the LORD, About midnight will I go out into the midst of Egypt:	
Exodus 11:5	And all the firstborn in the land of Egypt shall die, from the first born of Pharaoh that sitteth upon his throne, even unto the firstborn of the maidservant that is behind the mill; and all the firstborn of beasts.	
Exodus 11:8	And all these thy servants shall come down unto me, and bow down themselves unto me, saying, Get thee out, and all the people that follow thee: and after that I will go out. And he went out from Pharaoh in a great anger.	
Exodus 12:1	And the LORD spake unto Moses and Aaron in the land of Egypt saying,	
Exodus 12:14	And this day shall be unto you for a memorial; and ye shall keep it a feast to the LORD throughout your generations; ye shall keep it a feast by an ordinance for ever.	
Exodus 12:15	Seven days shall ye eat unleavened bread; even the first day ye shall put away leaven out of your houses: for whosoever eateth leavened bread from the first day until the seventh day, that soul shall be cut off from Israel.	
Exodus 12:19	Seven days shall there be no leaven found in your houses: for whosoever eateth that which is leavened, even that soul shall be cut off from the congregation of Israel, whether he be a stranger, or born in the land.	
Exodus 12:36	And the LORD gave the people favor in the sight of the Egyptians, so that they lent unto them such things as they required. And they spoiled the Egyptians.	
Exodus 12:39	And they baked unleavened cakes of the dough which they brought forth out of Egypt, for it was not leavened; because they were thrust out of Egypt, and could not tarry, neither had they prepared for themselves any victual.	
Exodus 12:42	It is a night to be much observed unto the LORD for bringing them out from the land of Egypt: this is that night of the LORD to be observed of all the children of Israel in their generations.	
Exodus 12:43	And the LORD said unto Moses and Aaron, This is the ordinance of the passover: There shall no stranger eat thereof:	
Exodus 12:49	One law shall be to him that is homeborn, and unto the stranger that sojourneth among you.	
Exodus 12:51	And it came to pass the selfsame day, that the LORD did bring the children of Israel out of the land of Egypt by their armies.	
Exodus 12:9	Eat not of it raw, nor sodden at all with water, but roast with fire; his head with his legs, and with the purtenance thereof.	
Exodus 13:10	Thou shalt therefore keep this ordinance in his season from year to year.	
Exodus 13:14	And it shall be when thy son asketh thee in time to come, saying, What is this? that thou shalt say unto him, By strength of hand the LORD brought us out from Egypt, from the house of bondage:	
Exodus 13:16	And it shall be for a token upon thine hand, and for frontlets between thine eyes: for by strength of hand the LORD brought us forth out of Egypt.	
Exodus 13:19	And Moses took the bones of Joseph with him: for he had straitly sworn the children of Israel, saying, God will surely visit you; and ye shall carry up my bones away hence with you.	
Exodus 13:20	And they took their journey from Succoth, and encamped in Etham, in the edge of the wilderness.	
Exodus 13:21	And the LORD went before them by day in a pillar of a cloud, to lead them the way; and by night in a pillar of fire, to give them light; to go by day and night:	
Exodus 13:5	And it shall be when the LORD shall bring thee into the land of the Canaanites, and the Hittites, and the Amorites, and the Hivites, and the Jebusites, which he sware unto thy fathers to give thee, a land flowing with milk and honey, that thou shalt keep this service in this month.	
Exodus 13:8	And thou shalt show thy son in that day, saying, This is done because of that which the LORD did unto me when I came forth out of Egypt.	
Exodus 14:11	And they said unto Moses, Because there were no graves in Egypt, hast thou taken us away to die in the wilderness? wherefore hast thou dealt thus with us, to carry us forth out of Egypt?	
Exodus 14:16	But lift thou up thy rod, and stretch out thine hand over the sea, and divide it: and the children of Israel shall go on dry ground through the midst of the sea.	
Exodus 14:20	And it came between the camp of the Egyptians and the camp of Israel; and it was a cloud and darkness to them, but it gave light by night to these: so that the one came not near the other all the night.	
Exodus 14:24	And it came to pass, that in the morning watch the LORD looked unto the host of the Egyptians through the pillar of fire and of the cloud, and troubled the host of the Egyptians,	
Exodus 14:30	Thus the LORD saved Israel that day out of the hand of the Egyptians; and Israel saw the Egyptians dead upon the sea shore.	
Exodus 14:6	And he made ready his chariot, and took his people with him:	
Exodus 14:7	And he took six hundred chosen chariots, and all the chariots of Egypt, and captains over every one of them.	
Exodus 14:9	But the Egyptians pursued after them, all the horses and chariots of Pharaoh, and his horsemen, and his army, and overtook them encamping by the sea, beside Pihahiroth, before Baalzephon.	
Exodus 15:1	Then sang Moses and the children of Israel this song unto the LORD, and spake, saying, I will sing unto the LORD, for he hath triumphed gloriously: the horse and his rider hath he thrown into the sea.	
Exodus 15:11	Who is like unto thee, O LORD, among the gods? who is like thee, glorious in holiness, fearful in praises, doing wonders?	
Exodus 15:18	The LORD shall reign for ever and ever.	
Exodus 15:21	And Miriam answered them, Sing ye to the LORD, for he hath triumphed gloriously; the horse and his rider hath he thrown into the sea.	
Exodus 15:22	So Moses brought Israel from the Red sea, and they went out into the wilderness of Shur; and they went three days in the wilderness, and found no water.	
Exodus 15:24	And the people murmured against Moses, saying, What shall we drink?	
Exodus 15:26	And said, If thou wilt diligently hearken to the voice of the LORD thy God, and wilt do that which is right in his sight, and wilt give ear to his commandments, and keep all his statutes, I will put none of these diseases upon thee, which I have brought upon the Egyptians: for I am the LORD that healeth thee.	
Exodus 15:27	And they came to Elim, where were twelve wells of water, and threescore and ten palm trees: and they encamped there by the waters.	
Exodus 15:6	Thy right hand, O LORD, is become glorious in power: thy right hand, O LORD, hath dashed in pieces the enemy.	
Exodus 15:9	The enemy said, I will pursue, I will overtake, I will divide the spoil; my lust shall be satisfied upon them; I will draw my sword, my hand shall destroy them.	
Exodus 16:11	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,	
Exodus 16:15	And when the children of Israel saw it, they said one to another, It is manna: for they wist not what it was. And Moses said unto them, This is the bread which the LORD hath given you to eat.	
Exodus 16:18	And when they did mete it with an omer, he that gathered much had nothing over, and he that gathered little had no lack; they gathered every man according to his eating.	
Exodus 16:23	And he said unto them, This is that which the LORD hath said, To morrow is the rest of the holy sabbath unto the LORD: bake that which ye will bake to day, and seethe that ye will seethe; and that which remaineth over lay up for you to be kept until the morning.	
Exodus 16:25	And Moses said, Eat that to day; for to day is a sabbath unto the LORD: to day ye shall not find it in the field.	
Exodus 16:30	So the people rested on the seventh day.	
Exodus 16:31	And the house of Israel called the name thereof Manna: and it was like coriander seed, white; and the taste of it was like wafers made with honey.	
Exodus 16:32	And Moses said, This is the thing which the LORD commandeth, Fill an omer of it to be kept for your generations; that they may see the bread wherewith I have fed you in the wilderness, when I brought you forth from the land of Egypt.	
Exodus 16:8	And Moses said, This shall be, when the LORD shall give you in the evening flesh to eat, and in the morning bread to the full; for that the LORD heareth your murmurings which ye murmur against him: and what are we? your murmurings are not against us, but against the LORD.	
Exodus 16:9	And Moses spake unto Aaron, Say unto all the congregation of the children of Israel, Come near before the LORD: for he hath heard your murmurings.	
Exodus 17:14	And the LORD said unto Moses, Write this for a memorial in a book, and rehearse it in the ears of Joshua: for I will utterly put out the remembrance of Amalek from under heaven.	
Exodus 17:15	And Moses built an altar, and called the name of it Jehovahnissi:	
Exodus 17:2	Wherefore the people did chide with Moses, and said, Give us water that we may drink. And Moses said unto them, Why chide ye with me? wherefore do ye tempt the LORD?	
Exodus 17:3	And the people thirsted there for water; and the people murmured against Moses, and said, Wherefore is this that thou hast brought us up out of Egypt, to kill us and our children and our cattle with thirst?	
Exodus 17:4	And Moses cried unto the LORD, saying, What shall I do unto this people? they be almost ready to stone me.	
Exodus 18:1	When Jethro, the priest of Midian, Moses' father in law, heard of all that God had done for Moses, and for Israel his people, and that the LORD had brought Israel out of Egypt;	
Exodus 18:11	Now I know that the LORD is greater than all gods: for in the thing wherein they dealt proudly he was above them.	
Exodus 18:18	Thou wilt surely wear away, both thou, and this people that is with thee: for this thing is too heavy for thee; thou art not able to perform it thyself alone.	
Exodus 18:2	Then Jethro, Moses' father in law, took Zipporah, Moses' wife, after he had sent her back,	
Exodus 18:24	So Moses hearkened to the voice of his father in law, and did all that he had said.	
Exodus 18:5	And Jethro, Moses' father in law, came with his sons and his wife unto Moses into the wilderness, where he encamped at the mount of God:	
Exodus 19:1	In the third month, when the children of Israel were gone forth out of the land of Egypt, the same day came they into the wilderness of Sinai.	
Exodus 19:21	And the LORD said unto Moses, Go down, charge the people, lest they break through unto the LORD to gaze, and many of them perish.	
Exodus 1:11	Therefore they did set over them taskmasters to afflict them with their burdens. And they built for Pharaoh treasure cities, Pithom and Raamses.	
Exodus 1:13	And the Egyptians made the children of Israel to serve with rigor:	
Exodus 1:17	But the midwives feared God, and did not as the king of Egypt commanded them, but saved the men children alive.	
Exodus 1:19	And the midwives said unto Pharaoh, Because the Hebrew women are not as the Egyptian women; for they are lively, and are delivered ere the midwives come in unto them.	
Exodus 1:20	Therefore God dealt well with the midwives: and the people multiplied, and waxed very mighty.	
Exodus 1:3	Issachar, Zebulun, and Benjamin,	
Exodus 1:4	Dan, and Naphtali, Gad, and Asher.	
Exodus 20:1	And God spake all these words, saying,	
Exodus 20:2	I am the LORD thy God, which have brought thee out of the land of Egypt, out of the house of bondage.	
Exodus 20:24	An altar of earth thou shalt make unto me, and shalt sacrifice thereon thy burnt offerings, and thy peace offerings, thy sheep, and thine oxen: in all places where I record my name I will come unto thee, and I will bless thee.	
Exodus 20:25	And if thou wilt make me an altar of stone, thou shalt not build it of hewn stone: for if thou lift up thy tool upon it, thou hast polluted it.	
Exodus 20:3	Thou shalt have no other gods before me.	
Exodus 20:4	Thou shalt not make unto thee any graven image, or any likeness of any thing that is in heaven above, or that is in the earth beneath, or that is in the water under the earth.	
Exodus 20:5	Thou shalt not bow down thyself to them, nor serve them: for I the LORD thy God am a jealous God, visiting the iniquity of the fathers upon the children unto the third and fourth generation of them that hate me;	
Exodus 20:7	Thou shalt not take the name of the LORD thy God in vain; for the LORD will not hold him guiltless that taketh his name in vain.	
Exodus 21:10	If he take him another wife; her food, her raiment, and her duty of marriage, shall he not diminish.	
Exodus 21:13	And if a man lie not in wait, but God deliver him into his hand; then I will appoint thee a place whither he shall flee.	
Exodus 21:16	And he that stealeth a man, and selleth him, or if he be found in his hand, he shall surely be put to death.	
Exodus 21:19	If he rise again, and walk abroad upon his staff, then shall he that smote him be quit: only he shall pay for the loss of his time, and shall cause him to be thoroughly healed.	
Exodus 21:23	And if any mischief follow, then thou shalt give life for life,	
Exodus 21:30	If there be laid on him a sum of money, then he shall give for the ransom of his life whatsoever is laid upon him.	
Exodus 21:33	And if a man shall open a pit, or if a man shall dig a pit, and not cover it, and an ox or an ass fall therein;	
Exodus 22:12	And if it be stolen from him, he shall make restitution unto the owner thereof.	
Exodus 22:2	If a thief be found breaking up, and be smitten that he die, there shall no blood be shed for him.	
Exodus 22:24	And my wrath shall wax hot, and I will kill you with the sword; and your wives shall be widows, and your children fatherless.	
Exodus 22:27	For that is his covering only, it is his raiment for his skin: wherein shall he sleep? and it shall come to pass, when he crieth unto me, that I will hear; for I am gracious.	
Exodus 22:29	Thou shalt not delay to offer the first of thy ripe fruits, and of thy liquors: the firstborn of thy sons shalt thou give unto me.	
Exodus 22:31	And ye shall be holy men unto me: neither shall ye eat any flesh that is torn of beasts in the field; ye shall cast it to the dogs.	
Exodus 23:14	Three times thou shalt keep a feast unto me in the year.	
Exodus 23:16	And the feast of harvest, the firstfruits of thy labors, which thou hast sown in the field: and the feast of ingathering, which is in the end of the year, when thou hast gathered in thy labors out of the field.	
Exodus 23:17	Three items in the year all thy males shall appear before the LORD God.	
Exodus 23:24	Thou shalt not bow down to their gods, nor serve them, nor do after their works: but thou shalt utterly overthrow them, and quite break down their images.	
Exodus 23:25	And ye shall serve the LORD your God, and he shall bless thy bread, and thy water; and I will take sickness away from the midst of thee.	
Exodus 23:26	There shall nothing cast their young, nor be barren, in thy land: the number of thy days I will fulfil.	
Exodus 24:12	And the LORD said unto Moses, Come up to me into the mount, and be there: and I will give thee tables of stone, and a law, and commandments which I have written; that thou mayest teach them.	
Exodus 24:13	And Moses rose up, and his minister Joshua: and Moses went up into the mount of God.	
Exodus 24:16	And the glory of the LORD abode upon mount Sinai, and the cloud covered it six days: and the seventh day he called unto Moses out of the midst of the cloud.	
Exodus 24:4	And Moses wrote all the words of the LORD, and rose up early in the morning, and builded an altar under the hill, and twelve pillars, according to the twelve tribes of Israel.	
Exodus 24:6	And Moses took half of the blood, and put it in basins; and half of the blood he sprinkled on the altar.	
Exodus 25:11	And thou shalt overlay it with pure gold, within and without shalt thou overlay it, and shalt make upon it a crown of gold round about.	
Exodus 25:15	The staves shall be in the rings of the ark: they shall not be taken from it.	
Exodus 25:19	And make one cherub on the one end, and the other cherub on the other end: even of the mercy seat shall ye make the cherubim on the two ends thereof.	
Exodus 25:22	And there I will meet with thee, and I will commune with thee from above the mercy seat, from between the two cherubim which are upon the ark of the testimony, of all things which I will give thee in commandment unto the children of Israel.	
Exodus 25:26	And thou shalt make for it four rings of gold, and put the rings in the four corners that are on the four feet thereof.	
Exodus 25:27	Over against the border shall the rings be for places of the staves to bear the table.	
Exodus 25:28	And thou shalt make the staves of shittim wood, and overlay them with gold, that the table may be borne with them.	
Exodus 25:3	And this is the offering which ye shall take of them; gold, and silver, and brass,	
Exodus 25:33	Three bowls made like unto almonds, with a knop and a flower in one branch; and three bowls made like almonds in the other branch, with a knop and a flower: so in the six branches that come out of the candlestick.	
Exodus 25:35	And there shall be a knop under two branches of the same, and a knop under two branches of the same, and a knop under two branches of the same, according to the six branches that proceed out of the candlestick.	
Exodus 25:8	And let them make me a sanctuary; that I may dwell among them.	
Exodus 25:9	According to all that I show thee, after the pattern of the tabernacle, and the pattern of all the instruments thereof, even so shall ye make it.	
Exodus 26:1	Moreover thou shalt make the tabernacle with ten curtains of fine twined linen, and blue, and purple, and scarlet: with cherubim of cunning work shalt thou make them.	
Exodus 26:15	And thou shalt make boards for the tabernacle of shittim wood standing up.	
Exodus 26:18	And thou shalt make the boards for the tabernacle, twenty boards on the south side southward.	
Exodus 26:2	The length of one curtain shall be eight and twenty cubits, and the breadth of one curtain four cubits: and every one of the curtains shall have one measure.	
Exodus 26:20	And for the second side of the tabernacle on the north side there shall be twenty boards:	
Exodus 26:22	And for the sides of the tabernacle westward thou shalt make six boards.	
Exodus 26:27	And five bars for the boards of the other side of the tabernacle, and five bars for the boards of the side of the tabernacle, for the two sides westward.	
Exodus 26:34	And thou shalt put the mercy seat upon the ark of the testimony in the most holy place.	
Exodus 26:35	And thou shalt set the table without the vail, and the candlestick over against the table on the side of the tabernacle toward the south: and thou shalt put the table on the north side.	
Exodus 26:5	Fifty loops shalt thou make in the one curtain, and fifty loops shalt thou make in the edge of the curtain that is in the coupling of the second; that the loops may take hold one of another.	
Exodus 27:10	And the twenty pillars thereof and their twenty sockets shall be of brass; the hooks of the pillars and their fillets shall be of silver.	
Exodus 27:6	And thou shalt make staves for the altar, staves of shittim wood, and overlay them with brass.	
Exodus 27:7	And the staves shall be put into the rings, and the staves shall be upon the two sides of the altar, to bear it.	
Exodus 27:9	And thou shalt make the court of the tabernacle: for the south side southward there shall be hangings for the court of fine twined linen of an hundred cubits long for one side:	
Exodus 28:14	And two chains of pure gold at the ends; of wreathed work shalt thou make them, and fasten the wreathed chains to the ouches.	
Exodus 28:15	And thou shalt make the breastplate of judgment with cunning work; after the work of the ephod thou shalt make it; of gold, of blue, and of purple, and of scarlet, and of fine twined linen, shalt thou make it.	
Exodus 28:16	Foursquare it shall be being doubled; a span shall be the length thereof, and a span shall be the breadth thereof.	
Exodus 28:18	And the second row shall be an emerald, a sapphire, and a diamond.	
Exodus 28:19	And the third row a ligure, an agate, and an amethyst.	
Exodus 28:20	And the fourth row a beryl, and an onyx, and a jasper: they shall be set in gold in their inclosings.	
Exodus 28:22	And thou shalt make upon the breastplate chains at the ends of wreathed work of pure gold.	
Exodus 28:25	And the other two ends of the two wreathed chains thou shalt fasten in the two ouches, and put them on the shoulderpieces of the ephod before it.	
Exodus 28:3	And thou shalt speak unto all that are wise hearted, whom I have filled with the spirit of wisdom, that they may make Aaron's garments to consecrate him, that he may minister unto me in the priest's office.	
Exodus 28:37	And thou shalt put it on a blue lace, that it may be upon the mitre; upon the forefront of the mitre it shall be.	
Exodus 28:38	And it shall be upon Aaron's forehead, that Aaron may bear the iniquity of the holy things, which the children of Israel shall hallow in all their holy gifts; and it shall be always upon his forehead, that they may be accepted before the LORD.	
Exodus 29:13	And thou shalt take all the fat that covereth the inwards, and the caul that is above the liver, and the two kidneys, and the fat that is upon them, and burn them upon the altar.	
Exodus 29:20	Then shalt thou kill the ram, and take of his blood, and put it upon the tip of the right ear of Aaron, and upon the tip of the right ear of his sons, and upon the thumb of their right hand, and upon the great toe of their right foot, and sprinkle the blood upon the altar round about.	
Exodus 29:24	And thou shalt put all in the hands of Aaron, and in the hands of his sons; and shalt wave them for a wave offering before the LORD.	
Exodus 29:33	And they shall eat those things wherewith the atonement was made, to consecrate and to sanctify them: but a stranger shall not eat thereof, because they are holy.	
Exodus 29:4	And Aaron and his sons thou shalt bring unto the door of the tabernacle of the congregation, and shalt wash them with water.	
Exodus 30:1	And thou shalt make an altar to burn incense upon: of shittim wood shalt thou make it.	
Exodus 30:11	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,	
Exodus 30:15	The rich shall not give more, and the poor shall not give less than half a shekel, when they give an offering unto the LORD, to make an atonement for your souls.	
Exodus 30:16	And thou shalt take the atonement money of the children of Israel, and shalt appoint it for the service of the tabernacle of the congregation; that it may be a memorial unto the children of Israel before the LORD, to make an atonement for your souls.	
Exodus 30:22	Moreover the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,	
Exodus 30:24	And of cassia five hundred shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary, and of oil olive an hin:	
Exodus 30:25	And thou shalt make it an oil of holy ointment, an ointment compound after the art of the apothecary: it shall be an holy anointing oil.	
Exodus 30:27	And the table and all his vessels, and the candlestick and his vessels, and the altar of incense,	
Exodus 30:28	And the altar of burnt offering with all his vessels, and the laver and his foot.	
Exodus 30:37	And as for the perfume which thou shalt make, ye shall not make to yourselves according to the composition thereof: it shall be unto thee holy for the LORD.	
Exodus 30:38	Whosoever shall make like unto that, to smell thereto, shall even be cut off from his people.	
Exodus 31:12	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,	
Exodus 31:13	Speak thou also unto the children of Israel, saying, Verily my sabbaths ye shall keep: for it is a sign between me and you throughout your generations; that ye may know that I am the LORD that doth sanctify you.	
Exodus 31:4	To devise cunning works, to work in gold, and in silver, and in brass,	
Exodus 31:5	And in cutting of stones, to set them, and in carving of timber, to work in all manner of workmanship.	
Exodus 32:12	Wherefore should the Egyptians speak, and say, For mischief did he bring them out, to slay them in the mountains, and to consume them from the face of the earth? Turn from thy fierce wrath, and repent of this evil against thy people.	
Exodus 32:19	And it came to pass, as soon as he came nigh unto the camp, that he saw the calf, and the dancing: and Moses' anger waxed hot, and he cast the tables out of his hands, and brake them beneath the mount.	
Exodus 32:22	And Aaron said, Let not the anger of my lord wax hot: thou knowest the people, that they are set on mischief.	
Exodus 32:3	And all the people brake off the golden earrings which were in their ears, and brought them unto Aaron.	
Exodus 32:30	And it came to pass on the morrow, that Moses said unto the people, Ye have sinned a great sin: and now I will go up unto the LORD; peradventure I shall make an atonement for your sin.	
Exodus 32:32	Yet now, if thou wilt forgive their sin--; and if not, blot me, I pray thee, out of thy book which thou hast written.	
Exodus 32:34	Therefore now go, lead the people unto the place of which I have spoken unto thee: behold, mine Angel shall go before thee: nevertheless in the day when I visit I will visit their sin upon them.	
Exodus 33:13	Now therefore, I pray thee, if I have found grace in thy sight, show me now thy way, that I may know thee, that I may find grace in thy sight: and consider that this nation is thy people.	
Exodus 33:22	And it shall come to pass, while my glory passeth by, that I will put thee in a cleft of the rock, and will cover thee with my hand while I pass by:	
Exodus 33:4	And when the people heard these evil tidings, they mourned: and no man did put on him his ornaments.	
Exodus 33:6	And the children of Israel stripped themselves of their ornaments by the mount Horeb.	
Exodus 34:10	And he said, Behold, I make a covenant: before all thy people I will do marvels, such as have not been done in all the earth, nor in any nation: and all the people among which thou art shall see the work of the LORD: for it is a terrible thing that I will do with thee.	
Exodus 34:11	Observe thou that which I command thee this day: behold, I drive out before thee the Amorite, and the Canaanite, and the Hittite, and the Perizzite, and the Hivite, and the Jebusite.	
Exodus 34:22	And thou shalt observe the feast of weeks, of the firstfruits of wheat harvest, and the feast of ingathering at the year's end.	
Exodus 34:25	Thou shalt not offer the blood of my sacrifice with leaven; neither shall the sacrifice of the feast of the passover be left unto the morning.	
Exodus 34:28	And he was there with the LORD forty days and forty nights; he did neither eat bread, nor drink water. And he wrote upon the tables the words of the covenant, the ten commandments.	
Exodus 34:33	And till Moses had done speaking with them, he put a vail on his face.	
Exodus 34:34	But when Moses went in before the LORD to speak with him, he took the vail off, until he came out. And he came out, and spake unto the children of Israel that which he was commanded.	
Exodus 35:12	The ark, and the staves thereof, with the mercy seat, and the vail of the covering,	
Exodus 35:13	The table, and his staves, and all his vessels, and the showbread,	
Exodus 35:16	The altar of burnt offering, with his brazen grate, his staves, and all his vessels, the laver and his foot,	
Exodus 35:19	The cloths of service, to do service in the holy place, the holy garments for Aaron the priest, and the garments of his sons, to minister in the priest's office.	
Exodus 35:20	And all the congregation of the children of Israel departed from the presence of Moses.	
Exodus 35:21	And they came, every one whose heart stirred him up, and every one whom his spirit made willing, and they brought the LORD's offering to the work of the tabernacle of the congregation, and for all his service, and for the holy garments.	
Exodus 35:22	And they came, both men and women, as many as were willing hearted, and brought bracelets, and earrings, and rings, and tablets, all jewels of gold: and every man that offered, offered an offering of gold unto the LORD.	
Exodus 35:26	And all the women whose heart stirred them up in wisdom spun goats' hair.	
Exodus 35:31	And he hath filled him with the spirit of God, in wisdom, in understanding, and in knowledge, and in all manner of workmanship;	
Exodus 35:32	And to devise curious works, to work in gold, and in silver, and in brass,	
Exodus 35:34	And he hath put in his heart that he may teach, both he, and Aholiab, the son of Ahisamach, of the tribe of Dan.	
Exodus 35:6	And blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine linen, and goats' hair,	
Exodus 36:15	The length of one curtain was thirty cubits, and four cubits was the breadth of one curtain: the eleven curtains were of one size.	
Exodus 36:19	And he made a covering for the tent of rams' skins dyed red, and a covering of badgers' skins above that.	
Exodus 36:24	And forty sockets of silver he made under the twenty boards; two sockets under one board for his two tenons, and two sockets under another board for his two tenons.	
Exodus 36:25	And for the other side of the tabernacle, which is toward the north corner, he made twenty boards,	
Exodus 36:28	And two boards made he for the corners of the tabernacle in the two sides.	
Exodus 36:29	And they were coupled beneath, and coupled together at the head thereof, to one ring: thus he did to both of them in both the corners.	
Exodus 36:30	And there were eight boards; and their sockets were sixteen sockets of silver, under every board two sockets.	
Exodus 36:32	And five bars for the boards of the other side of the tabernacle, and five bars for the boards of the tabernacle for the sides westward.	
Exodus 36:33	And he made the middle bar to shoot through the boards from the one end to the other.	
Exodus 36:34	And he overlaid the boards with gold, and made their rings of gold to be places for the bars, and overlaid the bars with gold.	
Exodus 36:36	And he made thereunto four pillars of shittim wood, and overlaid them with gold: their hooks were of gold; and he cast for them four sockets of silver.	
Exodus 36:5	And they spake unto Moses, saying, The people bring much more than enough for the service of the work, which the LORD commanded to make.	
Exodus 36:7	For the stuff they had was sufficient for all the work to make it, and too much.	
Exodus 37:1	And Bezaleel made the ark of shittim wood: two cubits and a half was the length of it, and a cubit and a half the breadth of it, and a cubit and a half the height of it:	
Exodus 37:10	And he made the table of shittim wood: two cubits was the length thereof, and a cubit the breadth thereof, and a cubit and a half the height thereof:	
Exodus 37:20	And in the candlestick were four bowls made like almonds, his knops, and his flowers:	
Exodus 37:22	Their knops and their branches were of the same: all of it was one beaten work of pure gold.	
Exodus 37:27	And he made two rings of gold for it under the crown thereof, by the two corners of it, upon the two sides thereof, to be places for the staves to bear it withal.	
Exodus 37:4	And he made staves of shittim wood, and overlaid them with gold.	
Exodus 38:17	And the sockets for the pillars were of brass; the hooks of the pillars and their fillets of silver; and the overlaying of their chapiters of silver; and all the pillars of the court were filleted with silver.	
Exodus 38:18	And the hanging for the gate of the court was needlework, of blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen: and twenty cubits was the length, and the height in the breadth was five cubits, answerable to the hangings of the court.	
Exodus 38:19	And their pillars were four, and their sockets of brass four; their hooks of silver, and the overlaying of their chapiters and their fillets of silver.	
Exodus 38:2	And he made the horns thereof on the four corners of it; the horns thereof were of the same: and he overlaid it with brass.	
Exodus 38:28	And of the thousand seven hundred seventy and five shekels he made hooks for the pillars, and overlaid their chapiters, and filleted them.|	
Exodus 38:29	And the brass of the offering was seventy talents, and two thousand and four hundred shekels.	
Exodus 39:1	And of the blue, and purple, and scarlet, they made cloths of service, to do service in the holy place, and made the holy garments for Aaron; as the LORD commanded Moses.	
Exodus 39:19	And they made two rings of gold, and put them on the two ends of the breastplate, upon the border of it, which was on the side of the ephod inward.	
Exodus 39:21	And they did bind the breastplate by his rings unto the rings of the ephod with a lace of blue, that it might be above the curious girdle of the ephod, and that the breastplate might not be loosed from the ephod; as the LORD commanded Moses.	
Exodus 39:23	And there was an hole in the midst of the robe, as the hole of an habergeon, with a band round about the hole, that it should not rend.	
Exodus 39:25	And they made bells of pure gold, and put the bells between the pomegranates upon the hem of the robe, round about between the pomegranates;	
Exodus 39:29	And a girdle of fine twined linen, and blue, and purple, and scarlet, of needlework; as the LORD commanded Moses.	
Exodus 39:36	The table, and all the vessels thereof, and the showbread,	
Exodus 39:37	The pure candlestick, with the lamps thereof, even with the lamps to be set in order, and all the vessels thereof, and the oil for light,	
Exodus 39:40	The hangings of the court, his pillars, and his sockets, and the hanging for the court gate, his cords, and his pins, and all the vessels of the service of the tabernacle, for the tent of the congregation,	
Exodus 39:43	And Moses did look upon all the work, and, behold, they had done it as the LORD had commanded, even so had they done it: and Moses blessed them.	
Exodus 39:8	And he made the breastplate of cunning work, like the work of the ephod; of gold, blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen.	
Exodus 3:1	Now Moses kept the flock of Jethro his father in law, the priest of Midian: and he led the flock to the backside of the desert, and came to the mountain of God, even to Horeb.	
Exodus 3:10	Come now therefore, and I will send thee unto Pharaoh, that thou mayest bring forth my people the children of Israel out of Egypt.	
Exodus 3:11	And Moses said unto God, Who am I, that I should go unto Pharaoh, and that I should bring forth the children of Israel out of Egypt?	
Exodus 3:14	And God said unto Moses, I AM THAT I AM: and he said, Thus shalt thou say unto the children of Israel, I AM hath sent me unto you.	
Exodus 3:15	And God said moreover unto Moses, Thus shalt thou say unto the children of Israel, the LORD God of your fathers, the God of Abraham, the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob, hath sent me unto you: this is my name for ever, and this is my memorial unto all generations.	
Exodus 3:20	And I will stretch out my hand, and smite Egypt with all my wonders which I will do in the midst thereof: and after that he will let you go.	
Exodus 3:3	And Moses said, I will now turn aside, and see this great sight, why the bush is not burnt.	
Exodus 3:6	Moreover he said, I am the God of thy father, the God of Abraham, the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob. And Moses hid his face; for he was afraid to look upon God.	
Exodus 3:7	And the LORD said, I have surely seen the affliction of my people which are in Egypt, and have heard their cry by reason of their taskmasters; for I know their sorrows;	
Exodus 40:1	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,	
Exodus 40:10	And thou shalt anoint the altar of the burnt offering, and all his vessels, and sanctify the altar: and it shall be an altar most holy.	
Exodus 40:15	And thou shalt anoint them, as thou didst anoint their father, that they may minister unto me in the priest's office: for their anointing shall surely be an everlasting priesthood throughout their generations.	
Exodus 40:16	Thus did Moses: according to all that the LORD commanded him, so did he.	
Exodus 40:18	And Moses reared up the tabernacle, and fastened his sockets, and set up the boards thereof, and put in the bars thereof, and reared up his pillars.	
Exodus 40:2	On the first day of the first month shalt thou set up the tabernacle of the tent of the congregation.	
Exodus 40:23	And he set the bread in order upon it before the LORD; as the LORD had commanded Moses.	
Exodus 40:27	And he burnt sweet incense thereon; as the LORD commanded Moses.	
Exodus 40:31	And Moses and Aaron and his sons washed their hands and their feet thereat:	
Exodus 40:36	And when the cloud was taken up from over the tabernacle, the children of Israel went onward in all their journeys:	
Exodus 40:37	But if the cloud were not taken up, then they journeyed not till the day that it was taken up.	
Exodus 4:10	And Moses said unto the LORD, O my LORD, I am not eloquent, neither heretofore, nor since thou hast spoken unto thy servant: but I am slow of speech, and of a slow tongue.	
Exodus 4:19	And the LORD said unto Moses in Midian, Go, return into Egypt: for all the men are dead which sought thy life.	
Exodus 4:23	And I say unto thee, Let my son go, that he may serve me: and if thou refuse to let him go, behold, I will slay thy son, even thy firstborn.	
Exodus 4:26	So he let him go: then she said, A bloody husband thou art, because of the circumcision.	
Exodus 4:30	And Aaron spake all the words which the LORD had spoken unto Moses, and did the signs in the sight of the people.	
Exodus 4:5	That they may believe that the LORD God of their fathers, the God of Abraham, the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob, hath appeared unto thee.	
Exodus 5:11	Go ye, get you straw where ye can find it: yet not ought of your work shall be diminished.	
Exodus 5:12	So the people were scattered abroad throughout all the land of Egypt to gather stubble instead of straw.	
Exodus 5:14	And the officers of the children of Israel, which Pharaoh's taskmasters had set over them, were beaten, and demanded, Wherefore have ye not fulfilled your task in making brick both yesterday and to day, as heretofore?	
Exodus 5:18	Go therefore now, and work; for there shall no straw be given you, yet shall ye deliver the tale of bricks.	
Exodus 5:21	And they said unto them, The LORD look upon you, and judge; because ye have made our savor to be abhorred in the eyes of Pharaoh, and in the eyes of his servants, to put a sword in their hand to slay us.	
Exodus 5:23	For since I came to Pharaoh to speak in thy name, he hath done evil to this people; neither hast thou delivered thy people at all.	
Exodus 5:9	Let there more work be laid upon the men, that they may labor therein; and let them not regard vain words.	
Exodus 6:1	Then the LORD said unto Moses, Now shalt thou see what I will do to Pharaoh: for with a strong hand shall he let them go, and with a strong hand shall he drive them out of his land.	
Exodus 6:10	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,	
Exodus 6:13	And the LORD spake unto Moses and unto Aaron, and gave them a charge unto the children of Israel, and unto Pharaoh king of Egypt, to bring the children of Israel out of the land of Egypt.	
Exodus 6:15	And the sons of Simeon; Jemuel, and Jamin, and Ohad, and Jachin, and Zohar, and Shaul the son of a Canaanitish woman: these are the families of Simeon.	
Exodus 6:18	And the sons of Kohath; Amram, and Izhar, and Hebron, and Uzziel: and the years of the life of Kohath were an hundred thirty and three years.	
Exodus 6:22	And the sons of Uzziel; Mishael, and Elzaphan, and Zithri.	
Exodus 6:23	And Aaron took him Elisheba, daughter of Amminadab, sister of Naashon, to wife; and she bare him Nadab, and Abihu, Eleazar, and Ithamar.	
Exodus 6:25	And Eleazar Aaron's son took him one of the daughters of Putiel to wife; and she bare him Phinehas: these are the heads of the fathers of the Levites according to their families.	
Exodus 6:3	And I appeared unto Abraham, unto Isaac, and unto Jacob, by the name of God Almighty, but by my name JEHOVAH was I not known to them.	
Exodus 6:30	And Moses said before the LORD, Behold, I am of uncircumcised lips, and how shall Pharaoh hearken unto me?	
Exodus 6:4	And I have also established my covenant with them, to give them the land of Canaan, the land of their pilgrimage, wherein they were strangers.	
Exodus 7:11	Then Pharaoh also called the wise men and the sorcerers: now the magicians of Egypt, they also did in like manner with their enchantments.	
Exodus 7:14	And the LORD said unto Moses, Pharaoh's heart is hardened, he refuseth to let the people go.	
Exodus 7:18	And the fish that is in the river shall die, and the river shall stink; and the Egyptians shall loathe to drink of the water of the river.	
Exodus 7:2	Thou shalt speak all that I command thee: and Aaron thy brother shall speak unto Pharaoh, that he send the children of Israel out of his land.	
Exodus 7:20	And Moses and Aaron did so, as the LORD commanded; and he lifted up the rod, and smote the waters that were in the river, in the sight of Pharaoh, and in the sight of his servants; and all the waters that were in the river were turned to blood.	
Exodus 7:22	And the magicians of Egypt did so with their enchantments: and Pharaoh's heart was hardened, neither did he hearken unto them; as the LORD had said.	
Exodus 7:8	And the LORD spake unto Moses and unto Aaron, saying,	
Exodus 7:9	When Pharaoh shall speak unto you, saying, Show a miracle for you: then thou shalt say unto Aaron, Take thy rod, and cast it before Pharaoh, and it shall become a serpent.	
Exodus 8:12	And Moses and Aaron went out from Pharaoh: and Moses cried unto the LORD because of the frogs which he had brought against Pharaoh.	
Exodus 8:18	And the magicians did so with their enchantments to bring forth lice, but they could not: so there were lice upon man, and upon beast.	
Exodus 8:22	And I will sever in that day the land of Goshen, in which my people dwell, that no swarms of flies shall be there; to the end thou mayest know that I am the LORD in the midst of the earth.	
Exodus 8:3	And the river shall bring forth frogs abundantly, which shall go up and come into thine house, and into thy bedchamber, and upon thy bed, and into the house of thy servants, and upon thy people, and into thine ovens, and into thy kneadingtroughs:	
Exodus 8:6	And Aaron stretched out his hand over the waters of Egypt; and the frogs came up, and covered the land of Egypt.	
Exodus 8:7	And the magicians did so with their enchantments, and brought up frogs upon the land of Egypt.	
Exodus 8:8	Then Pharaoh called for Moses and Aaron, and said, Entreat the LORD, that he may take away the frogs from me, and from my people; and I will let the people go, that they may do sacrifice unto the LORD.	
Exodus 9:13	And the LORD said unto Moses, Rise up early in the morning, and stand before Pharaoh, and say unto him, Thus saith the LORD God of the Hebrews, Let my people go, that they may serve me.	
Exodus 9:14	For I will at this time send all my plagues upon thine heart, and upon thy servants, and upon thy people; that thou mayest know that there is none like me in all the earth.	
Exodus 9:16	And in very deed for this cause have I raised thee up, for to show in thee my power; and that my name may be declared throughout all the earth.	
Exodus 9:18	Behold, to morrow about this time I will cause it to rain a very grievous hail, such as hath not been in Egypt since the foundation thereof even until now.	
Exodus 9:19	Send therefore now, and gather thy cattle, and all that thou hast in the field; for upon every man and beast which shall be found in the field, and shall not be brought home, the hail shall come down upon them, and they shall die.	
Exodus 9:20	He that feared the word of the LORD among the servants of Pharaoh made his servants and his cattle flee into the houses:	
Exodus 9:22	And the LORD said unto Moses, Stretch forth thine hand toward heaven, that there may be hail in all the land of Egypt, upon man, and upon beast, and upon every herb of the field, throughout the land of Egypt.	
Exodus 9:24	So there was hail, and fire mingled with the hail, very grievous, such as there was none like it in all the land of Egypt since it became a nation.	
Exodus 9:25	And the hail smote throughout all the land of Egypt all that was in the field, both man and beast; and the hail smote every herb of the field, and brake every tree of the field.	
Exodus 9:27	And Pharaoh sent, and called for Moses and Aaron, and said unto them, I have sinned this time: the LORD is righteous, and I and my people are wicked.	
Exodus 9:28	Entreat the LORD (for it is enough) that there be no more mighty thunderings and hail; and I will let you go, and ye shall stay no longer.	
Exodus 9:30	But as for thee and thy servants, I know that ye will not yet fear the LORD God.	
Exodus 9:31	And the flax and the barley was smitten: for the barley was in the ear, and the flax was bolled.	
Exodus 9:35	And the heart of Pharaoh was hardened, neither would he let the children of Israel go; as the LORD had spoken by Moses.	
Exodus 9:7	And Pharaoh sent, and, behold, there was not one of the cattle of the Israelites dead. And the heart of Pharaoh was hardened, and he did not let the people go.	
Ezekiel 10:1	Then I looked, and, behold, in the firmament that was above the head of the cherubims there appeared over them as it were a sapphire stone, as the appearance of the likeness of a throne.	
Ezekiel 10:15	And the cherubims were lifted up. This is the living creature that I saw by the river of Chebar.	
Ezekiel 10:21	Every one had four faces apiece, and every one four wings; and the likeness of the hands of a man was under their wings.	
Ezekiel 10:22	And the likeness of their faces was the same faces which I saw by the river of Chebar, their appearances and themselves: they went every one straight forward.	
Ezekiel 10:5	And the sound of the cherubims' wings was heard even to the outer court, as the voice of the Almighty God when he speaketh.	
Ezekiel 10:6	And it came to pass, that when he had commanded the man clothed with linen, saying, Take fire from between the wheels, from between the cherubims; then he went in, and stood beside the wheels.	
Ezekiel 10:7	And one cherub stretched forth his hand from between the cherubims unto the fire that was between the cherubims, and took thereof, and put it into the hands of him that was clothed with linen: who took it, and went out.	
Ezekiel 10:9	And when I looked, behold the four wheels by the cherubims, one wheel by one cherub, and another wheel by another cherub: and the appearance of the wheels was as the colour of a beryl stone.	
Ezekiel 11:10	Ye shall fall by the sword; I will judge you in the border of Israel; and ye shall know that I am the LORD.	
Ezekiel 11:16	Therefore say, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Although I have cast them far off among the heathen, and although I have scattered them among the countries, yet will I be to them as a little sanctuary in the countries where they shall come.	
Ezekiel 11:19	And I will give them one heart, and I will put a new spirit within you; and I will take the stony heart out of their flesh, and will give them an heart of flesh:	
Ezekiel 11:2	Then said he unto me, Son of man, these are the men that devise mischief, and give wicked counsel in this city:	
Ezekiel 11:21	But as for them whose heart walketh after the heart of their detestable things and their abominations, I will recompense their way upon their own heads, saith the Lord GOD.	
Ezekiel 11:23	And the glory of the LORD went up from the midst of the city, and stood upon the mountain which is on the east side of the city.	
Ezekiel 11:4	Therefore prophesy against them, prophesy, O son of man.	
Ezekiel 11:5	And the Spirit of the LORD fell upon me, and said unto me, Speak; Thus saith the LORD; Thus have ye said, O house of Israel: for I know the things that come into your mind, every one of them.	
Ezekiel 12:26	Again the word of the LORD came to me, saying.	
Ezekiel 12:27	Son of man, behold, they of the house of Israel say, The vision that he seeth is for many days to come, and he prophesieth of the times that are far off.	
Ezekiel 12:6	In their sight shalt thou bear it upon thy shoulders, and carry it forth in the twilight: thou shalt cover thy face, that thou see not the ground: for I have set thee for a sign unto the house of Israel.	
Ezekiel 12:7	And I did so as I was commanded: I brought forth my stuff by day, as stuff for captivity, and in the even I digged through the wall with mine hand; I brought it forth in the twilight, and I bare it upon my shoulder in their sight.	
Ezekiel 13:1	And the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,	
Ezekiel 13:13	Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; I will even rend it with a stormy wind in my fury; and there shall be an overflowing shower in mine anger, and great hailstones in my fury to consume it.	
Ezekiel 13:17	Likewise, thou son of man, set thy face against the daughters of thy people, which prophesy out of their own heart; and prophesy thou against them,	
Ezekiel 13:3	Thus saith the Lord GOD; Woe unto the foolish prophets, that follow their own spirit, and have seen nothing!	
Ezekiel 13:6	They have seen vanity and lying divination, saying, The LORD saith: and the LORD hath not sent them: and they have made others to hope that they would confirm the word.	
Ezekiel 14:1	Then came certain of the elders of Israel unto me, and sat before me.	
Ezekiel 14:15	If I cause noisome beasts to pass through the land, and they spoil it, so that it be desolate, that no man may pass through because of the beasts:	
Ezekiel 14:16	Though these three men were in it, as I live, saith the Lord GOD, they shall deliver neither sons nor daughters; they only shall be delivered, but the land shall be desolate.	
Ezekiel 14:21	For thus saith the Lord GOD; How much more when I send my four sore judgments upon Jerusalem, the sword, and the famine, and the noisome beast, and the pestilence, to cut off from it man and beast?	
Ezekiel 14:4	Therefore speak unto them, and say unto them, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Every man of the house of Israel that setteth up his idols in his heart, and putteth the stumblingblock of his iniquity before his face, and cometh to the prophet; I the LORD will answer him that cometh according to the multitude of his idols;	
Ezekiel 14:8	And I will set my face against that man, and will make him a sign and a proverb, and I will cut him off from the midst of my people; and ye shall know that I am the LORD.	
Ezekiel 15:7	And I will set my face against them; they shall go out from one fire, and another fire shall devour them; and ye shall know that I am the LORD, when I set my face against them.	
Ezekiel 16:1	Again the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,	
Ezekiel 16:11	I decked thee also with ornaments, and I put bracelets upon thy hands, and a chain on thy neck.	
Ezekiel 16:12	And I put a jewel on thy forehead, and earrings in thine ears, and a beautiful crown upon thine head.	
Ezekiel 16:16	And of thy garments thou didst take, and deckedst thy high places with divers colours, and playedst the harlot thereupon: the like things shall not come, neither shall it be so.	
Ezekiel 16:17	Thou hast also taken thy fair jewels of my gold and of my silver, which I had given thee, and madest to thyself images of men, and didst commit whoredom with them,	
Ezekiel 16:25	Thou hast built thy high place at every head of the way, and hast made thy beauty to be abhorred, and hast opened thy feet to every one that passed by, and multiplied thy whoredoms.	
Ezekiel 16:31	In that thou buildest thine eminent place in the head of every way, and makest thine high place in every street; and hast not been as an harlot, in that thou scornest hire;	
Ezekiel 16:32	But as a wife that committeth adultery, which taketh strangers instead of her husband!	
Ezekiel 16:36	Thus saith the Lord GOD; Because thy filthiness was poured out, and thy nakedness discovered through thy whoredoms with thy lovers, and with all the idols of thy abominations, and by the blood of thy children, which thou didst give unto them;	
Ezekiel 16:46	And thine elder sister is Samaria, she and her daughters that dwell at thy left hand: and thy younger sister, that dwelleth at thy right hand, is Sodom and her daughters.	
Ezekiel 16:47	Yet hast thou not walked after their ways, nor done after their abominations: but, as if that were a very little thing, thou wast corrupted more than they in all thy ways.	
Ezekiel 16:54	That thou mayest bear thine own shame, and mayest be confounded in all that thou hast done, in that thou art a comfort unto them.	
Ezekiel 16:55	When thy sisters, Sodom and her daughters, shall return to their former estate, and Samaria and her daughters shall return to their former estate, then thou and thy daughters shall return to your former estate.	
Ezekiel 16:59	For thus saith the Lord GOD; I will even deal with thee as thou hast done, which hast despised the oath in breaking the covenant.	
Ezekiel 16:60	Nevertheless I will remember my covenant with thee in the days of thy youth, and I will establish unto thee an everlasting covenant.	
Ezekiel 16:7	I have caused thee to multiply as the bud of the field, and thou hast increased and waxen great, and thou art come to excellent ornaments: thy breasts are fashioned, and thine hair is grown, whereas thou wast naked and bare.	
Ezekiel 16:8	Now when I passed by thee, and looked upon thee, behold, thy time was the time of love; and I spread my skirt over thee, and covered thy nakedness: yea, I sware unto thee, and entered into a covenant with thee, saith the Lord GOD, and thou becamest mine.	
Ezekiel 17:1	And the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,	
Ezekiel 17:20	And I will spread my net upon him, and he shall be taken in my snare, and I will bring him to Babylon, and will plead with him there for his trespass that he hath trespassed against me.	
Ezekiel 17:22	Thus saith the Lord GOD; I will also take of the highest branch of the high cedar, and will set it; I will crop off from the top of his young twigs a tender one, and will plant it upon an high mountain and eminent:	
Ezekiel 17:7	There was also another great eagle with great wings and many feathers: and, behold, this vine did bend her roots toward him, and shot forth her branches toward him, that he might water it by the furrows of her plantation.	
Ezekiel 18:10	If he beget a son that is a robber, a shedder of blood, and that doeth the like to any one of these things,	
Ezekiel 18:14	Now, lo, if he beget a son, that seeth all his father's sins which he hath done, and considereth, and doeth not such like,	
Ezekiel 18:18	As for his father, because he cruelly oppressed, spoiled his brother by violence, and did that which is not good among his people, lo, even he shall die in his iniquity.	
Ezekiel 18:19	Yet say ye, Why? doth not the son bear the iniquity of the father? When the son hath done that which is lawful and right, and hath kept all my statutes, and hath done them, he shall surely live.	
Ezekiel 18:20	The soul that sinneth, it shall die. The son shall not bear the iniquity of the father, neither shall the father bear the iniquity of the son: the righteousness of the righteous shall be upon him, and the wickedness of the wicked shall be upon him.	
Ezekiel 18:22	All his transgressions that he hath committed, they shall not be mentioned unto him: in his righteousness that he hath done he shall live.	
Ezekiel 18:23	Have I any pleasure at all that the wicked should die? saith the Lord GOD: and not that he should return from his ways, and live?	
Ezekiel 18:24	But when the righteous turneth away from his righteousness, and committeth iniquity, and doeth according to all the abominations that the wicked man doeth, shall he live? All his righteousness that he hath done shall not be mentioned: in his trespass that he hath trespassed, and in his sin that he hath sinned, in them shall he die.	
Ezekiel 18:25	Yet ye say, The way of the LORD is not equal. Hear now, O house of Israel; Is not my way equal? are not your ways unequal?	
Ezekiel 18:28	Because he considereth, and turneth away from all his transgressions that he hath committed, he shall surely live, he shall not die.	
Ezekiel 18:32	For I have no pleasure in the death of him that dieth, saith the Lord GOD: wherefore turn yourselves, and live ye.	
Ezekiel 18:4	Behold, all souls are mine; as the soul of the father, so also the soul of the son is mine: the soul that sinneth, it shall die.	
Ezekiel 18:6	And hath not eaten upon the mountains, neither hath lifted up his eyes to the idols of the house of Israel, neither hath defiled his neighbour's wife, neither hath come near to a menstruous woman,	
Ezekiel 18:9	Hath walked in my statutes, and hath kept my judgments, to deal truly; he is just, he shall surely live, saith the Lord GOD.	
Ezekiel 19:10	Thy mother is like a vine in thy blood, planted by the waters: she was fruitful and full of branches by reason of many waters.	
Ezekiel 19:13	And now she is planted in the wilderness, in a dry and thirsty ground.	
Ezekiel 1:1	Now it came to pass in the thirtieth year, in the fourth month, in the fifth day of the month, as I was among the captives by the river of Chebar, that the heavens were opened, and I saw visions of God.	
Ezekiel 1:12	And they went every one straight forward: whither the spirit was to go, they went; and they turned not when they went.	
Ezekiel 1:17	When they went, they went upon their four sides: and they turned not when they went.	
Ezekiel 1:18	As for their rings, they were so high that they were dreadful; and their rings were full of eyes round about them four.	
Ezekiel 1:19	And when the living creatures went, the wheels went by them: and when the living creatures were lifted up from the earth, the wheels were lifted up.	
Ezekiel 1:20	Whithersoever the spirit was to go, they went, thither was their spirit to go; and the wheels were lifted up over against them: for the spirit of the living creature was in the wheels.	
Ezekiel 1:23	And under the firmament were their wings straight, the one toward the other: every one had two, which covered on this side, and every one had two, which covered on that side, their bodies.	
Ezekiel 1:26	And above the firmament that was over their heads was the likeness of a throne, as the appearance of a sapphire stone: and upon the likeness of the throne was the likeness as the appearance of a man above upon it.	
Ezekiel 1:4	And I looked, and, behold, a whirlwind came out of the north, a great cloud, and a fire infolding itself, and a brightness was about it, and out of the midst thereof as the colour of amber, out of the midst of the fire.	
Ezekiel 1:5	Also out of the midst thereof came the likeness of four living creatures. And this was their appearance; they had the likeness of a man.	
Ezekiel 1:6	And every one had four faces, and every one had four wings.	
Ezekiel 20:15	Yet also I lifted up my hand unto them in the wilderness, that I would not bring them into the land which I had given them, flowing with milk and honey, which is the glory of all lands;	
Ezekiel 20:18	But I said unto their children in the wilderness, Walk ye not in the statutes of your fathers, neither observe their judgments, nor defile yourselves with their idols:	
Ezekiel 20:26	And I polluted them in their own gifts, in that they caused to pass through the fire all that openeth the womb, that I might make them desolate, to the end that they might know that I am the LORD.	
Ezekiel 20:35	And I will bring you into the wilderness of the people, and there will I plead with you face to face.	
Ezekiel 20:39	As for you, O house of Israel, thus saith the Lord GOD; Go ye, serve ye every one his idols, and hereafter also, if ye will not hearken unto me: but pollute ye my holy name no more with your gifts, and with your idols.	
Ezekiel 20:41	I will accept you with your sweet savour, when I bring you out from the people, and gather you out of the countries wherein ye have been scattered; and I will be sanctified in you before the heathen.	
Ezekiel 20:42	And ye shall know that I am the LORD, when I shall bring you into the land of Israel, into the country for the which I lifted up mine hand to give it to your fathers.	
Ezekiel 20:43	And there shall ye remember your ways, and all your doings, wherein ye have been defiled; and ye shall lothe yourselves in your own sight for all your evils that ye have committed.	
Ezekiel 20:48	And all flesh shall see that I the LORD have kindled it: it shall not be quenched.	
Ezekiel 20:49	Then said I, Ah Lord GOD! they say of me, Doth he not speak parables?	
Ezekiel 20:8	But they rebelled against me, and would not hearken unto me: they did not every man cast away the abominations of their eyes, neither did they forsake the idols of Egypt: then I said, I will pour out my fury upon them, to accomplish my anger against them in the midst of the land of Egypt.	
Ezekiel 21:12	Cry and howl, son of man: for it shall be upon my people, it shall be upon all the princes of Israel: terrors by reason of the sword shall be upon my people: smite therefore upon thy thigh.	
Ezekiel 21:13	Because it is a trial, and what if the sword contemn even the rod? it shall be no more, saith the Lord GOD.	
Ezekiel 21:23	And it shall be unto them as a false divination in their sight, to them that have sworn oaths: but he will call to remembrance the iniquity, that they may be taken.	
Ezekiel 21:24	Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; Because ye have made your iniquity to be remembered, in that your transgressions are discovered, so that in all your doings your sins do appear; because, I say, that ye are come to remembrance, ye shall be taken with the hand.	
Ezekiel 21:26	Thus saith the Lord GOD; Remove the diadem, and take off the crown: this shall not be the same: exalt him that is low, and abase him that is high.	
Ezekiel 21:27	I will overturn, overturn, overturn, it: and it shall be no more, until he come whose right it is; and I will give it him.	
Ezekiel 21:31	And I will pour out mine indignation upon thee, I will blow against thee in the fire of my wrath, and deliver thee into the hand of brutish men, and skilful to destroy.	
Ezekiel 21:4	Seeing then that I will cut off from thee the righteous and the wicked, therefore shall my sword go forth out of his sheath against all flesh from the south to the north:	
Ezekiel 21:5	That all flesh may know that I the LORD have drawn forth my sword out of his sheath: it shall not return any more.	
Ezekiel 21:6	Sigh therefore, thou son of man, with the breaking of thy loins; and with bitterness sigh before their eyes.	
Ezekiel 22:1	Moreover the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,	
Ezekiel 22:16	And thou shalt take thine inheritance in thyself in the sight of the heathen, and thou shalt know that I am the LORD.	
Ezekiel 22:18	Son of man, the house of Israel is to me become dross: all they are brass, and tin, and iron, and lead, in the midst of the furnace; they are even the dross of silver.	
Ezekiel 22:19	Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; Because ye are all become dross, behold, therefore I will gather you into the midst of Jerusalem.	
Ezekiel 22:3	Then say thou, Thus saith the Lord GOD, The city sheddeth blood in the midst of it, that her time may come, and maketh idols against herself to defile herself.	
Ezekiel 22:4	Thou art become guilty in thy blood that thou hast shed; and hast defiled thyself in thine idols which thou hast made; and thou hast caused thy days to draw near, and art come even unto thy years: therefore have I made thee a reproach unto the heathen, and a mocking to all countries.	
Ezekiel 22:5	Those that be near, and those that be far from thee, shall mock thee, which art infamous and much vexed.	
Ezekiel 22:8	Thou hast despised mine holy things, and hast profaned my sabbaths.	
Ezekiel 23:1	The word of the LORD came again unto me, saying,	
Ezekiel 23:12	She doted upon the Assyrians her neighbours, captains and rulers clothed most gorgeously, horsemen riding upon horses, all of them desirable young men.	
Ezekiel 23:13	Then I saw that she was defiled, that they took both one way,	
Ezekiel 23:14	And that she increased her whoredoms: for when she saw men pourtrayed upon the wall, the images of the Chaldeans pourtrayed with vermilion,	
Ezekiel 23:15	Girded with girdles upon their loins, exceeding in dyed attire upon their heads, all of them princes to look to, after the manner of the Babylonians of Chaldea, the land of their nativity:	
Ezekiel 23:19	Yet she multiplied her whoredoms, in calling to remembrance the days of her youth, wherein she had played the harlot in the land of Egypt.	
Ezekiel 23:2	Son of man, there were two women, the daughters of one mother:	
Ezekiel 23:20	For she doted upon their paramours, whose flesh is as the flesh of asses, and whose issue is like the issue of horses.	
Ezekiel 23:22	Therefore, O Aholibah, thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I will raise up thy lovers against thee, from whom thy mind is alienated, and I will bring them against thee on every side;	
Ezekiel 23:31	Thou hast walked in the way of thy sister; therefore will I give her cup into thine hand.	
Ezekiel 23:32	Thus saith the Lord GOD; Thou shalt drink of thy sister's cup deep and large: thou shalt be laughed to scorn and had in derision; it containeth much.	
Ezekiel 23:34	Thou shalt even drink it and suck it out, and thou shalt break the sherds thereof, and pluck off thine own breasts: for I have spoken it, saith the Lord GOD.	
Ezekiel 23:41	And satest upon a stately bed, and a table prepared before it, whereupon thou hast set mine incense and mine oil.	
Ezekiel 23:49	And they shall recompense your lewdness upon you, and ye shall bear the sins of your idols: and ye shall know that I am the Lord GOD.	
Ezekiel 23:5	And Aholah played the harlot when she was mine; and she doted on her lovers, on the Assyrians her neighbours,	
Ezekiel 24:11	Then set it empty upon the coals thereof, that the brass of it may be hot, and may burn, and that the filthiness of it may be molten in it, that the scum of it may be consumed.	
Ezekiel 24:18	So I spake unto the people in the morning: and at even my wife died; and I did in the morning as I was commanded.	
Ezekiel 24:21	Speak unto the house of Israel, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I will profane my sanctuary, the excellency of your strength, the desire of your eyes, and that which your soul pitieth; and your sons and your daughters whom ye have left shall fall by the sword.	
Ezekiel 24:22	And ye shall do as I have done: ye shall not cover your lips, nor eat the bread of men.	
Ezekiel 24:7	For her blood is in the midst of her; she set it upon the top of a rock; she poured it not upon the ground, to cover it with dust;	
Ezekiel 24:9	Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; Woe to the bloody city! I will even make the pile for fire great.	
Ezekiel 25:11	And I will execute judgments upon Moab; and they shall know that I am the LORD.	
Ezekiel 25:16	Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I will stretch out mine hand upon the Philistines, and I will cut off the Cherethims, and destroy the remnant of the sea coast.	
Ezekiel 25:6	For thus saith the Lord GOD; Because thou hast clapped thine hands, and stamped with the feet, and rejoiced in heart with all thy despite against the land of Israel;	
Ezekiel 26:11	With the hoofs of his horses shall he tread down all thy streets: he shall slay thy people by the sword, and thy strong garrisons shall go down to the ground.	
Ezekiel 26:15	Thus saith the Lord GOD to Tyrus; Shall not the isles shake at the sound of thy fall, when the wounded cry, when the slaughter is made in the midst of thee?	
Ezekiel 26:16	Then all the princes of the sea shall come down from their thrones, and lay away their robes, and put off their broidered garments: they shall clothe themselves with trembling; they shall sit upon the ground, and shall tremble at every moment, and be astonished at thee.	
Ezekiel 26:17	And they shall take up a lamentation for thee, and say to thee, How art thou destroyed, that wast inhabited of seafaring men, the renowned city, which wast strong in the sea, she and her inhabitants, which cause their terror to be on all that haunt it!	
Ezekiel 26:7	For thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I will bring upon Tyrus Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon, a king of kings, from the north, with horses, and with chariots, and with horsemen, and companies, and much people.	
Ezekiel 26:8	He shall slay with the sword thy daughters in the field: and he shall make a fort against thee, and cast a mount against thee, and lift up the buckler against thee.	
Ezekiel 27:1	The word of the LORD came again unto me, saying,	
Ezekiel 27:17	Judah, and the land of Israel, they were thy merchants: they traded in thy market wheat of Minnith, and Pannag, and honey, and oil, and balm.	
Ezekiel 27:23	Haran, and Canneh, and Eden, the merchants of Sheba, Asshur, and Chilmad, were thy merchants.	
Ezekiel 27:26	Thy rowers have brought thee into great waters: the east wind hath broken thee in the midst of the seas.	
Ezekiel 27:29	And all that handle the oar, the mariners, and all the pilots of the sea, shall come down from their ships, they shall stand upon the land;	
Ezekiel 27:5	They have made all thy ship boards of fir trees of Senir: they have taken cedars from Lebanon to make masts for thee.	
Ezekiel 28:13	Thou hast been in Eden the garden of God; every precious stone was thy covering, the sardius, topaz, and the diamond, the beryl, the onyx, and the jasper, the sapphire, the emerald, and the carbuncle, and gold: the workmanship of thy tabrets and of thy pipes was prepared in thee in the day that thou wast created.	
Ezekiel 28:17	Thine heart was lifted up because of thy beauty, thou hast corrupted thy wisdom by reason of thy brightness: I will cast thee to the ground, I will lay thee before kings, that they may behold thee.	
Ezekiel 28:2	Son of man, say unto the prince of Tyrus, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Because thine heart is lifted up, and thou hast said, I am a God, I sit in the seat of God, in the midst of the seas; yet thou art a man, and not God, though thou set thine heart as the heart of God:	
Ezekiel 28:22	And say, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I am against thee, O Zidon; and I will be glorified in the midst of thee: and they shall know that I am the LORD, when I shall have executed judgments in her, and shall be sanctified in her.	
Ezekiel 28:3	Behold, thou art wiser than Daniel; there is no secret that they can hide from thee:	
Ezekiel 28:5	By thy great wisdom and by thy traffick hast thou increased thy riches, and thine heart is lifted up because of thy riches:	
Ezekiel 28:7	Behold, therefore I will bring strangers upon thee, the terrible of the nations: and they shall draw their swords against the beauty of thy wisdom, and they shall defile thy brightness.	
Ezekiel 29:13	Yet thus saith the Lord GOD; At the end of forty years will I gather the Egyptians from the people whither they were scattered:	
Ezekiel 29:14	And I will bring again the captivity of Egypt, and will cause them to return into the land of Pathros, into the land of their habitation; and they shall be there a base kingdom.	
Ezekiel 29:17	And it came to pass in the seven and twentieth year, in the first month, in the first day of the month, the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,	
Ezekiel 29:2	Son of man, set thy face against Pharaoh king of Egypt, and prophesy against him, and against all Egypt:	
Ezekiel 29:5	And I will leave thee thrown into the wilderness, thee and all the fish of thy rivers: thou shalt fall upon the open fields; thou shalt not be brought together, nor gathered: I have given thee for meat to the beasts of the field and to the fowls of the heaven.	
Ezekiel 2:3	And he said unto me, Son of man, I send thee to the children of Israel, to a rebellious nation that hath rebelled against me: they and their fathers have transgressed against me, even unto this very day.	
Ezekiel 2:7	And thou shalt speak my words unto them, whether they will hear, or whether they will forbear: for they are most rebellious.	
Ezekiel 30:1	The word of the LORD came again unto me, saying,	
Ezekiel 30:10	Thus saith the Lord GOD; I will also make the multitude of Egypt to cease by the hand of Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon.	
Ezekiel 30:13	Thus saith the Lord GOD; I will also destroy the idols, and I will cause their images to cease out of Noph; and there shall be no more a prince of the land of Egypt: and I will put a fear in the land of Egypt.	
Ezekiel 30:17	The young men of Aven and of Pibeseth shall fall by the sword: and these cities shall go into captivity.	
Ezekiel 30:18	At Tehaphnehes also the day shall be darkened, when I shall break there the yokes of Egypt: and the pomp of her strength shall cease in her: as for her, a cloud shall cover her, and her daughters shall go into captivity.	
Ezekiel 30:26	And I will scatter the Egyptians among the nations, and disperse them among the countries; and they shall know that I am the LORD.	
Ezekiel 30:6	Thus saith the LORD; They also that uphold Egypt shall fall; and the pride of her power shall come down: from the tower of Syene shall they fall in it by the sword, saith the Lord GOD.	
Ezekiel 30:8	And they shall know that I am the LORD, when I have set a fire in Egypt, and when all her helpers shall be destroyed.	
Ezekiel 31:10	Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; Because thou hast lifted up thyself in height, and he hath shot up his top among the thick boughs, and his heart is lifted up in his height;	
Ezekiel 31:18	To whom art thou thus like in glory and in greatness among the trees of Eden? yet shalt thou be brought down with the trees of Eden unto the nether parts of the earth: thou shalt lie in the midst of the uncircumcised with them that be slain by the sword. This is Pharaoh and all his multitude, saith the Lord GOD.	
Ezekiel 31:2	Son of man, speak unto Pharaoh king of Egypt, and to his multitude; Whom art thou like in thy greatness?	
Ezekiel 32:1	And it came to pass in the twelfth year, in the twelfth month, in the first day of the month, that the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,	
Ezekiel 32:11	For thus saith the Lord GOD; The sword of the king of Babylon shall come upon thee.	
Ezekiel 32:16	This is the lamentation wherewith they shall lament her: the daughters of the nations shall lament her: they shall lament for her, even for Egypt, and for all her multitude, saith the Lord GOD.	
Ezekiel 32:17	It came to pass also in the twelfth year, in the fifteenth day of the month, that the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,	
Ezekiel 32:23	Whose graves are set in the sides of the pit, and her company is round about her grave: all of them slain, fallen by the sword, which caused terror in the land of the living.	
Ezekiel 32:31	Pharaoh shall see them, and shall be comforted over all his multitude, even Pharaoh and all his army slain by the sword, saith the Lord GOD.	
Ezekiel 32:5	And I will lay thy flesh upon the mountains, and fill the valleys with thy height.	
Ezekiel 32:7	And when I shall put thee out, I will cover the heaven, and make the stars thereof dark; I will cover the sun with a cloud, and the moon shall not give her light.	
Ezekiel 32:9	I will also vex the hearts of many people, when I shall bring thy destruction among the nations, into the countries which thou hast not known.	
Ezekiel 33:10	Therefore, O thou son of man, speak unto the house of Israel; Thus ye speak, saying, If our transgressions and our sins be upon us, and we pine away in them, how should we then live?	
Ezekiel 33:11	Say unto them, As I live, saith the Lord GOD, I have no pleasure in the death of the wicked; but that the wicked turn from his way and live: turn ye, turn ye from your evil ways; for why will ye die, O house of Israel?	
Ezekiel 33:15	If the wicked restore the pledge, give again that he had robbed, walk in the statutes of life, without committing iniquity; he shall surely live, he shall not die.	
Ezekiel 33:23	Then the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,	
Ezekiel 33:26	Ye stand upon your sword, ye work abomination, and ye defile every one his neighbour's wife: and shall ye possess the land?	
Ezekiel 33:27	Say thou thus unto them, Thus saith the Lord GOD; As I live, surely they that are in the wastes shall fall by the sword, and him that is in the open field will I give to the beasts to be devoured, and they that be in the forts and in the caves shall die of the pestilence.	
Ezekiel 33:30	Also, thou son of man, the children of thy people still are talking against thee by the walls and in the doors of the houses, and speak one to another, every one to his brother, saying, Come, I pray you, and hear what is the word that cometh forth from the LORD.	
Ezekiel 33:32	And, lo, thou art unto them as a very lovely song of one that hath a pleasant voice, and can play well on an instrument: for they hear thy words, but they do them not.	
Ezekiel 33:4	Then whosoever heareth the sound of the trumpet, and taketh not warning; if the sword come, and take him away, his blood shall be upon his own head.	
Ezekiel 33:6	But if the watchman see the sword come, and blow not the trumpet, and the people be not warned; if the sword come, and take any person from among them, he is taken away in his iniquity; but his blood will I require at the watchman's hand.	
Ezekiel 33:7	So thou, O son of man, I have set thee a watchman unto the house of Israel; therefore thou shalt hear the word at my mouth, and warn them from me.	
Ezekiel 34:11	For thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I, even I, will both search my sheep, and seek them out.	
Ezekiel 34:12	As a shepherd seeketh out his flock in the day that he is among his sheep that are scattered; so will I seek out my sheep, and will deliver them out of all places where they have been scattered in the cloudy and dark day.	
Ezekiel 34:13	And I will bring them out from the people, and gather them from the countries, and will bring them to their own land, and feed them upon the mountains of Israel by the rivers, and in all the inhabited places of the country.	
Ezekiel 34:19	And as for my flock, they eat that which ye have trodden with your feet; and they drink that which ye have fouled with your feet.	
Ezekiel 34:2	Son of man, prophesy against the shepherds of Israel, prophesy, and say unto them, Thus saith the Lord GOD unto the shepherds; Woe be to the shepherds of Israel that do feed themselves! should not the shepherds feed the flocks?	
Ezekiel 34:30	Thus shall they know that I the LORD their God am with them, and that they, even the house of Israel, are my people, saith the Lord GOD.	
Ezekiel 34:5	And they were scattered, because there is no shepherd: and they became meat to all the beasts of the field, when they were scattered.	
Ezekiel 35:12	And thou shalt know that I am the LORD, and that I have heard all thy blasphemies which thou hast spoken against the mountains of Israel, saying, They are laid desolate, they are given us to consume.	
Ezekiel 35:2	Son of man, set thy face against mount Seir, and prophesy against it,	
Ezekiel 35:3	And say unto it, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, O mount Seir, I am against thee, and I will stretch out mine hand against thee, and I will make thee most desolate.	
Ezekiel 35:8	And I will fill his mountains with his slain men: in thy hills, and in thy valleys, and in all thy rivers, shall they fall that are slain with the sword.	
Ezekiel 36:14	Therefore thou shalt devour men no more, neither bereave thy nations any more, saith the Lord GOD.	
Ezekiel 36:22	Therefore say unto the house of Israel, thus saith the Lord GOD; I do not this for your sakes, O house of Israel, but for mine holy name's sake, which ye have profaned among the heathen, whither ye went.	
Ezekiel 36:34	And the desolate land shall be tilled, whereas it lay desolate in the sight of all that passed by.	
Ezekiel 37:12	Therefore prophesy and say unto them, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, O my people, I will open your graves, and cause you to come up out of your graves, and bring you into the land of Israel.	
Ezekiel 37:22	And I will make them one nation in the land upon the mountains of Israel; and one king shall be king to them all: and they shall be no more two nations, neither shall they be divided into two kingdoms any more at all.	
Ezekiel 37:28	And the heathen shall know that I the LORD do sanctify Israel, when my sanctuary shall be in the midst of them for evermore.	
Ezekiel 37:4	Again he said unto me, Prophesy upon these bones, and say unto them, O ye dry bones, hear the word of the LORD.	
Ezekiel 37:7	So I prophesied as I was commanded: and as I prophesied, there was a noise, and behold a shaking, and the bones came together, bone to his bone.	
Ezekiel 38:10	Thus saith the Lord GOD; It shall also come to pass, that at the same time shall things come into thy mind, and thou shalt think an evil thought:	
Ezekiel 38:15	And thou shalt come from thy place out of the north parts, thou, and many people with thee, all of them riding upon horses, a great company, and a mighty army:	
Ezekiel 38:18	And it shall come to pass at the same time when Gog shall come against the land of Israel, saith the Lord GOD, that my fury shall come up in my face.	
Ezekiel 38:19	For in my jealousy and in the fire of my wrath have I spoken, Surely in that day there shall be a great shaking in the land of Israel;	
Ezekiel 38:22	And I will plead against him with pestilence and with blood; and I will rain upon him, and upon his bands, and upon the many people that are with him, an overflowing rain, and great hailstones, fire, and brimstone.	
Ezekiel 38:5	Persia, Ethiopia, and Libya with them; all of them with shield and helmet:	
Ezekiel 38:7	Be thou prepared, and prepare for thyself, thou, and all thy company that are assembled unto thee, and be thou a guard unto them.	
Ezekiel 38:8	After many days thou shalt be visited: in the latter years thou shalt come into the land that is brought back from the sword, and is gathered out of many people, against the mountains of Israel, which have been always waste: but it is brought forth out of the nations, and they shall dwell safely all of them.	
Ezekiel 39:12	And seven months shall the house of Israel be burying of them, that they may cleanse the land.	
Ezekiel 39:17	And, thou son of man, thus saith the Lord GOD; Speak unto every feathered fowl, and to every beast of the field, Assemble yourselves, and come; gather yourselves on every side to my sacrifice that I do sacrifice for you, even a great sacrifice upon the mountains of Israel, that ye may eat flesh, and drink blood.	
Ezekiel 39:2	And I will turn thee back, and leave but the sixth part of thee, and will cause thee to come up from the north parts, and will bring thee upon the mountains of Israel:	
Ezekiel 39:3	And I will smite thy bow out of thy left hand, and will cause thine arrows to fall out of thy right hand.	
Ezekiel 39:4	Thou shalt fall upon the mountains of Israel, thou, and all thy bands, and the people that is with thee: I will give thee unto the ravenous birds of every sort, and to the beasts of the field to be devoured.	
Ezekiel 39:5	Thou shalt fall upon the open field: for I have spoken it, saith the Lord GOD.	
Ezekiel 39:7	So will I make my holy name known in the midst of my people Israel; and I will not let them pollute my holy name any more: and the heathen shall know that I am the LORD, the Holy One in Israel.	
Ezekiel 39:8	Behold, it is come, and it is done, saith the Lord GOD; this is the day whereof I have spoken.	
Ezekiel 39:9	And they that dwell in the cities of Israel shall go forth, and shall set on fire and burn the weapons, both the shields and the bucklers, the bows and the arrows, and the handstaves, and the spears, and they shall burn them with fire seven years:	
Ezekiel 3:12	Then the spirit took me up, and I heard behind me a voice of a great rushing, saying, Blessed be the glory of the LORD from his place.	
Ezekiel 3:17	Son of man, I have made thee a watchman unto the house of Israel: therefore hear the word at my mouth, and give them warning from me.	
Ezekiel 3:18	When I say unto the wicked, Thou shalt surely die; and thou givest him not warning, nor speakest to warn the wicked from his wicked way, to save his life; the same wicked man shall die in his iniquity; but his blood will I require at thine hand.	
Ezekiel 3:24	Then the spirit entered into me, and set me upon my feet, and spake with me, and said unto me, Go, shut thyself within thine house.	
Ezekiel 3:26	And I will make thy tongue cleave to the roof of thy mouth, that thou shalt be dumb, and shalt not be to them a reprover: for they are a rebellious house.	
Ezekiel 3:27	But when I speak with thee, I will open thy mouth, and thou shalt say unto them, Thus saith the Lord GOD; He that heareth, let him hear; and he that forbeareth, let him forbear: for they are a rebellious house.	
Ezekiel 3:3	And he said unto me, Son of man, cause thy belly to eat, and fill thy bowels with this roll that I give thee. Then did I eat it; and it was in my mouth as honey for sweetness.	
Ezekiel 3:5	For thou art not sent to a people of a strange speech and of an hard language, but to the house of Israel;	
Ezekiel 3:9	As an adamant harder than flint have I made thy forehead: fear them not, neither be dismayed at their looks, though they be a rebellious house.	
Ezekiel 40:17	Then brought he me into the outward court, and, lo, there were chambers, and a pavement made for the court round about: thirty chambers were upon the pavement.	
Ezekiel 40:2	In the visions of God brought he me into the land of Israel, and set me upon a very high mountain, by which was as the frame of a city on the south.	
Ezekiel 40:22	And their windows, and their arches, and their palm trees, were after the measure of the gate that looketh toward the east; and they went up unto it by seven steps; and the arches thereof were before them.	
Ezekiel 40:23	And the gate of the inner court was over against the gate toward the north, and toward the east; and he measured from gate to gate an hundred cubits.	
Ezekiel 40:24	After that he brought me toward the south, and behold a gate toward the south: and he measured the posts thereof and the arches thereof according to these measures.	
Ezekiel 40:26	And there were seven steps to go up to it, and the arches thereof were before them: and it had palm trees, one on this side, and another on that side, upon the posts thereof.	
Ezekiel 40:3	And he brought me thither, and, behold, there was a man, whose appearance was like the appearance of brass, with a line of flax in his hand, and a measuring reed; and he stood in the gate.	
Ezekiel 40:33	And the little chambers thereof, and the posts thereof, and the arches thereof, were according to these measures: and there were windows therein and in the arches thereof round about: it was fifty cubits long, and five and twenty cubits broad.	
Ezekiel 40:37	And the posts thereof were toward the utter court; and palm trees were upon the posts thereof, on this side, and on that side: and the going up to it had eight steps.	
Ezekiel 40:39	And in the porch of the gate were two tables on this side, and two tables on that side, to slay thereon the burnt offering and the sin offering and the trespass offering.	
Ezekiel 40:41	Four tables were on this side, and four tables on that side, by the side of the gate; eight tables, whereupon they slew their sacrifices.	
Ezekiel 40:44	And without the inner gate were the chambers of the singers in the inner court, which was at the side of the north gate; and their prospect was toward the south: one at the side of the east gate having the prospect toward the north.	
Ezekiel 40:47	So he measured the court, an hundred cubits long, and an hundred cubits broad, foursquare; and the altar that was before the house.	
Ezekiel 40:48	And he brought me to the porch of the house, and measured each post of the porch, five cubits on this side, and five cubits on that side: and the breadth of the gate was three cubits on this side, and three cubits on that side.	
Ezekiel 40:49	The length of the porch was twenty cubits, and the breadth eleven cubits, and he brought me by the steps whereby they went up to it: and there were pillars by the posts, one on this side, and another on that side.	
Ezekiel 40:9	Then measured he the porch of the gate, eight cubits; and the posts thereof, two cubits; and the porch of the gate was inward.	
Ezekiel 41:1	Afterward he brought me to the temple, and measured the posts, six cubits broad on the one side, and six cubits broad on the other side, which was the breadth of the tabernacle.	
Ezekiel 41:11	And the doors of the side chambers were toward the place that was left, one door toward the north, and another door toward the south: and the breadth of the place that was left was five cubits round about.	
Ezekiel 41:16	The door posts, and the narrow windows, and the galleries round about on their three stories, over against the door, cieled with wood round about, and from the ground up to the windows, and the windows were covered;	
Ezekiel 41:17	To that above the door, even unto the inner house, and without, and by all the wall round about within and without, by measure.	
Ezekiel 41:21	The posts of the temple were squared, and the face of the sanctuary; the appearance of the one as the appearance of the other.	
Ezekiel 41:23	And the temple and the sanctuary had two doors.	
Ezekiel 41:24	And the doors had two leaves apiece, two turning leaves; two leaves for the one door, and two leaves for the other door.	
Ezekiel 41:5	After he measured the wall of the house, six cubits; and the breadth of every side chamber, four cubits, round about the house on every side.	
Ezekiel 41:6	And the side chambers were three, one over another, and thirty in order; and they entered into the wall which was of the house for the side chambers round about, that they might have hold, but they had not hold in the wall of the house.	
Ezekiel 41:8	I saw also the height of the house round about: the foundations of the side chambers were a full reed of six great cubits.	
Ezekiel 42:10	The chambers were in the thickness of the wall of the court toward the east, over against the separate place, and over against the building.	
Ezekiel 42:3	Over against the twenty cubits which were for the inner court, and over against the pavement which was for the utter court, was gallery against gallery in three stories.	
Ezekiel 42:9	And from under these chambers was the entry on the east side, as one goeth into them from the utter court.	
Ezekiel 43:1	Afterward he brought me to the gate, even the gate that looketh toward the east:	
Ezekiel 43:12	This is the law of the house; Upon the top of the mountain the whole limit thereof round about shall be most holy. Behold, this is the law of the house.	
Ezekiel 43:15	So the altar shall be four cubits; and from the altar and upward shall be four horns.	
Ezekiel 43:16	And the altar shall be twelve cubits long, twelve broad, square in the four squares thereof.	
Ezekiel 43:22	And on the second day thou shalt offer a kid of the goats without blemish for a sin offering; and they shall cleanse the altar, as they did cleanse it with the bullock.	
Ezekiel 43:24	And thou shalt offer them before the LORD, and the priests shall cast salt upon them, and they shall offer them up for a burnt offering unto the LORD.	
Ezekiel 43:4	And the glory of the LORD came into the house by the way of the gate whose prospect is toward the east.	
Ezekiel 44:10	And the Levites that are gone away far from me, when Israel went astray, which went astray away from me after their idols; they shall even bear their iniquity.	
Ezekiel 44:14	But I will make them keepers of the charge of the house, for all the service thereof, and for all that shall be done therein.	
Ezekiel 44:16	They shall enter into my sanctuary, and they shall come near to my table, to minister unto me, and they shall keep my charge.	
Ezekiel 44:19	And when they go forth into the utter court, even into the utter court to the people, they shall put off their garments wherein they ministered, and lay them in the holy chambers, and they shall put on other garments; and they shall not sanctify the people with their garments.	
Ezekiel 44:26	And after he is cleansed, they shall reckon unto him seven days.	
Ezekiel 44:28	And it shall be unto them for an inheritance: I am their inheritance: and ye shall give them no possession in Israel: I am their possession.	
Ezekiel 44:3	It is for the prince; the prince, he shall sit in it to eat bread before the LORD; he shall enter by the way of the porch of that gate, and shall go out by the way of the same.	
Ezekiel 44:31	The priests shall not eat of any thing that is dead of itself, or torn, whether it be fowl or beast.	
Ezekiel 44:7	In that ye have brought into my sanctuary strangers, uncircumcised in heart, and uncircumcised in flesh, to be in my sanctuary, to pollute it, even my house, when ye offer my bread, the fat and the blood, and they have broken my covenant because of all your abominations.	
Ezekiel 45:25	In the seventh month, in the fifteenth day of the month, shall he do the like in the feast of the seven days, according to the sin offering, according to the burnt offering, and according to the meat offering, and according to the oil.	
Ezekiel 45:4	The holy portion of the land shall be for the priests the ministers of the sanctuary, which shall come near to minister unto the LORD: and it shall be a place for their houses, and an holy place for the sanctuary.	
Ezekiel 45:6	And ye shall appoint the possession of the city five thousand broad, and five and twenty thousand long, over against the oblation of the holy portion: it shall be for the whole house of Israel.	
Ezekiel 45:9	Thus saith the Lord GOD; Let it suffice you, O princes of Israel: remove violence and spoil, and execute judgment and justice, take away your exactions from my people, saith the Lord GOD.	
Ezekiel 46:16	Thus saith the Lord GOD; If the prince give a gift unto any of his sons, the inheritance thereof shall be his sons'; it shall be their possession by inheritance.	
Ezekiel 46:2	And the prince shall enter by the way of the porch of that gate without, and shall stand by the post of the gate, and the priests shall prepare his burnt offering and his peace offerings, and he shall worship at the threshold of the gate: then he shall go forth; but the gate shall not be shut until the evening.	
Ezekiel 47:15	And this shall be the border of the land toward the north side, from the great sea, the way of Hethlon, as men go to Zedad;	
Ezekiel 47:16	Hamath, Berothah, Sibraim, which is between the border of Damascus and the border of Hamath; Hazarhatticon, which is by the coast of Hauran.	
Ezekiel 47:17	And the border from the sea shall be Hazarenan, the border of Damascus, and the north northward, and the border of Hamath. And this is the north side.	
Ezekiel 47:2	Then brought he me out of the way of the gate northward, and led me about the way without unto the utter gate by the way that looketh eastward; and, behold, there ran out waters on the right side.	
Ezekiel 47:22	And it shall come to pass, that ye shall divide it by lot for an inheritance unto you, and to the strangers that sojourn among you, which shall beget children among you: and they shall be unto you as born in the country among the children of Israel; they shall have inheritance with you among the tribes of Israel.	
Ezekiel 47:3	And when the man that had the line in his hand went forth eastward, he measured a thousand cubits, and he brought me through the waters; the waters were to the ankles.	
Ezekiel 47:6	And he said unto me, Son of man, hast thou seen this? Then he brought me, and caused me to return to the brink of the river.	
Ezekiel 47:9	And it shall come to pass, that every thing that liveth, which moveth, whithersoever the rivers shall come, shall live: and there shall be a very great multitude of fish, because these waters shall come thither: for they shall be healed; and every thing shall live whither the river cometh.	
Ezekiel 48:1	Now these are the names of the tribes. From the north end to the coast of the way of Hethlon, as one goeth to Hamath, Hazarenan, the border of Damascus northward, to the coast of Hamath; for these are his sides east and west; a portion for Dan.	
Ezekiel 48:17	And the suburbs of the city shall be toward the north two hundred and fifty, and toward the south two hundred and fifty, and toward the east two hundred and fifty, and toward the west two hundred and fifty.	
Ezekiel 48:28	And by the border of Gad, at the south side southward, the border shall be even from Tamar unto the waters of strife in Kadesh, and to the river toward the great sea.	
Ezekiel 48:33	And at the south side four thousand and five hundred measures: and three gates; one gate of Simeon, one gate of Issachar, one gate of Zebulun.	
Ezekiel 4:3	Moreover take thou unto thee an iron pan, and set it for a wall of iron between thee and the city: and set thy face against it, and it shall be besieged, and thou shalt lay siege against it. This shall be a sign to the house of Israel.	
Ezekiel 4:6	And when thou hast accomplished them, lie again on thy right side, and thou shalt bear the iniquity of the house of Judah forty days: I have appointed thee each day for a year.	
Ezekiel 5:1	And thou, son of man, take thee a sharp knife, take thee a barber's razor, and cause it to pass upon thine head and upon thy beard: then take thee balances to weigh, and divide the hair.	
Ezekiel 5:10	Therefore the fathers shall eat the sons in the midst of thee, and the sons shall eat their fathers; and I will execute judgments in thee, and the whole remnant of thee will I scatter into all the winds.	
Ezekiel 5:12	A third part of thee shall die with the pestilence, and with famine shall they be consumed in the midst of thee: and a third part shall fall by the sword round about thee; and I will scatter a third part into all the winds, and I will draw out a sword after them.	
Ezekiel 5:15	So it shall be a reproach and a taunt, an instruction and an astonishment unto the nations that are round about thee, when I shall execute judgments in thee in anger and in fury and in furious rebukes. I the LORD have spoken it.	
Ezekiel 5:5	Thus saith the Lord GOD; This is Jerusalem: I have set it in the midst of the nations and countries that are round about her.	
Ezekiel 5:6	And she hath changed my judgments into wickedness more than the nations, and my statutes more than the countries that are round about her: for they have refused my judgments and my statutes, they have not walked in them.	
Ezekiel 5:7	Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; Because ye multiplied more than the nations that are round about you, and have not walked in my statutes, neither have kept my judgments, neither have done according to the judgments of the nations that are round about you;	
Ezekiel 6:1	And the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,	
Ezekiel 6:12	He that is far off shall die of the pestilence; and he that is near shall fall by the sword; and he that remaineth and is besieged shall die by the famine: thus will I accomplish my fury upon them.	
Ezekiel 6:4	And your altars shall be desolate, and your images shall be broken: and I will cast down your slain men before your idols.	
Ezekiel 6:5	And I will lay the dead carcases of the children of Israel before their idols; and I will scatter your bones round about your altars.	
Ezekiel 6:8	Yet will I leave a remnant, that ye may have some that shall escape the sword among the nations, when ye shall be scattered through the countries.	
Ezekiel 7:14	They have blown the trumpet, even to make all ready; but none goeth to the battle: for my wrath is upon all the multitude thereof.	
Ezekiel 7:15	The sword is without, and the pestilence and the famine within: he that is in the field shall die with the sword; and he that is in the city, famine and pestilence shall devour him.	
Ezekiel 7:19	They shall cast their silver in the streets, and their gold shall be removed: their silver and their gold shall not be able to deliver them in the day of the wrath of the LORD: they shall not satisfy their souls, neither fill their bowels: because it is the stumblingblock of their iniquity.	
Ezekiel 7:21	And I will give it into the hands of the strangers for a prey, and to the wicked of the earth for a spoil; and they shall pollute it.	
Ezekiel 7:22	My face will I turn also from them, and they shall pollute my secret place: for the robbers shall enter into it, and defile it.	
Ezekiel 7:23	Make a chain: for the land is full of bloody crimes, and the city is full of violence.	
Ezekiel 7:6	An end is come, the end is come: it watcheth for thee; behold, it is come.	
Ezekiel 7:7	The morning is come unto thee, O thou that dwellest in the land: the time is come, the day of trouble is near, and not the sounding again of the mountains.	
Ezekiel 7:9	And mine eye shall not spare, neither will I have pity: I will recompense thee according to thy ways and thine abominations that are in the midst of thee; and ye shall know that I am the LORD that smiteth.	
Ezekiel 8:5	Then said he unto me, Son of man, lift up thine eyes now the way toward the north. So I lifted up mine eyes the way toward the north, and behold northward at the gate of the altar this image of jealousy in the entry.	
Ezekiel 8:7	And he brought me to the door of the court; and when I looked, behold a hole in the wall.	
Ezekiel 9:2	And, behold, six men came from the way of the higher gate, which lieth toward the north, and every man a slaughter weapon in his hand; and one man among them was clothed with linen, with a writer's inkhorn by his side: and they went in, and stood beside the brasen altar.	
Ezekiel 9:4	And the LORD said unto him, Go through the midst of the city, through the midst of Jerusalem, and set a mark upon the foreheads of the men that sigh and that cry for all the abominations that be done in the midst thereof.	
Ezra 10:1	Now when Ezra had prayed, and when he had confessed, weeping and casting himself down before the house of God, there assembled unto him out of Israel a very great congregation of men and women and children: for the people wept very sore.	
Ezra 10:10	And Ezra the priest stood up, and said unto them, Ye have transgressed, and have taken strange wives, to increase the trespass of Israel.	
Ezra 10:12	Then all the congregation answered and said with a loud voice, As thou hast said, so must we do.	
Ezra 10:13	But the people are many, and it is a time of much rain, and we are not able to stand without, neither is this a work of one day or two: for we are many that have transgressed in this thing.	
Ezra 10:17	And they made an end with all the men that had taken strange wives by the first day of the first month.	
Ezra 10:19	And they gave their hands that they would put away their wives; and being guilty, they offered a ram of the flock for their trespass.	
Ezra 10:22	And of the sons of Pashur; Elioenai, Maaseiah, Ishmael, Nethaneel, Jozabad, and Elasah.	
Ezra 10:26	And of the sons of Elam; Mattaniah, Zechariah, and Jehiel, and Abdi, and Jeremoth, and Eliah.	
Ezra 10:27	And of the sons of Zattu; Elioenai, Eliashib, Mattaniah, and Jeremoth, and Zabad, and Aziza.	
Ezra 10:29	And of the sons of Bani; Meshullam, Malluch, and Adaiah, Jashub, and Sheal, and Ramoth.	
Ezra 10:31	And of the sons of Harim; Eliezer, Ishijah, Malchiah, Shemaiah, Shimeon,	
Ezra 10:35	Benaiah, Bedeiah, Chelluh,	
Ezra 10:4	Arise; for this matter belongeth unto thee: we also will be with thee: be of good courage, and do it.	
Ezra 10:43	Of the sons of Nebo; Jeiel, Mattithiah, Zabad, Zebina, Jadau, and Joel, Benaiah.	
Ezra 10:44	All these had taken strange wives: and some of them had wives by whom they had children.	
Ezra 10:6	Then Ezra rose up from before the house of God, and went into the chamber of Johanan the son of Eliashib: and when he came thither, he did eat no bread, nor drink water: for he mourned because of the transgression of them that had been carried away.	
Ezra 10:9	Then all the men of Judah and Benjamin gathered themselves together unto Jerusalem within three days. It was the ninth month, on the twentieth day of the month; and all the people sat in the street of the house of God, trembling because of this matter, and for the great rain.	
Ezra 1:1	Now in the first year of Cyrus king of Persia, that the word of the LORD by the mouth of Jeremiah might be fulfilled, the LORD stirred up the spirit of Cyrus king of Persia, that he made a proclamation throughout all his kingdom, and put it also in writing, saying,	
Ezra 1:5	Then rose up the chief of the fathers of Judah and Benjamin, and the priests, and the Levites, with all them whose spirit God had raised, to go up to build the house of the LORD which is in Jerusalem.	
Ezra 2:11	The children of Bebai, six hundred twenty and three.	
Ezra 2:12	The children of Azgad, a thousand two hundred twenty and two.	
Ezra 2:26	The children of Ramah and Gaba, six hundred twenty and one.	
Ezra 2:33	The children of Lod, Hadid, and Ono, seven hundred twenty and five.	
Ezra 2:38	The children of Pashur, a thousand two hundred forty and seven.	
Ezra 2:47	The children of Giddel, the children of Gahar, the children of Reaiah,	
Ezra 2:5	The children of Arah, seven hundred seventy and five.	
Ezra 2:59	And these were they which went up from Telmelah, Telharsa, Cherub, Addan, and Immer: but they could not shew their father's house, and their seed, whether they were of Israel:	
Ezra 2:62	These sought their register among those that were reckoned by genealogy, but they were not found: therefore were they, as polluted, put from the priesthood.	
Ezra 2:66	Their horses were seven hundred thirty and six; their mules, two hundred forty and five;	
Ezra 2:67	Their camels, four hundred thirty and five; their asses, six thousand seven hundred and twenty.	
Ezra 2:68	And some of the chief of the fathers, when they came to the house of the LORD which is at Jerusalem, offered freely for the house of God to set it up in his place:	
Ezra 2:69	They gave after their ability unto the treasure of the work threescore and one thousand drams of gold, and five thousand pound of silver, and one hundred priests' garments.	
Ezra 3:10	And when the builders laid the foundation of the temple of the LORD, they set the priests in their apparel with trumpets, and the Levites the sons of Asaph with cymbals, to praise the LORD, after the ordinance of David king of Israel.	
Ezra 3:12	But many of the priests and Levites and chief of the fathers, who were ancient men, that had seen the first house, when the foundation of this house was laid before their eyes, wept with a loud voice; and many shouted aloud for joy:	
Ezra 3:6	From the first day of the seventh month began they to offer burnt offerings unto the LORD. But the foundation of the temple of the LORD was not yet laid.	
Ezra 4:1	Now when the adversaries of Judah and Benjamin heard that the children of the captivity builded the temple unto the LORD God of Israel;	
Ezra 4:14	Now because we have maintenance from the king's palace, and it was not meet for us to see the king's dishonour, therefore have we sent and certified the king;	
Ezra 4:18	The letter which ye sent unto us hath been plainly read before me.	
Ezra 4:19	And I commanded, and search hath been made, and it is found that this city of old time hath made insurrection against kings, and that rebellion and sedition have been made therein.	
Ezra 4:20	There have been mighty kings also over Jerusalem, which have ruled over all countries beyond the river; and toll, tribute, and custom, was paid unto them.	
Ezra 4:23	Now when the copy of king Artaxerxes' letter was read before Rehum, and Shimshai the scribe, and their companions, they went up in haste to Jerusalem unto the Jews, and made them to cease by force and power.	
Ezra 4:3	But Zerubbabel, and Jeshua, and the rest of the chief of the fathers of Israel, said unto them, Ye have nothing to do with us to build an house unto our God; but we ourselves together will build unto the LORD God of Israel, as king Cyrus the king of Persia hath commanded us.	
Ezra 4:6	And in the reign of Ahasuerus, in the beginning of his reign, wrote they unto him an accusation against the inhabitants of Judah and Jerusalem.	
Ezra 4:9	Then wrote Rehum the chancellor, and Shimshai the scribe, and the rest of their companions; the Dinaites, the Apharsathchites, the Tarpelites, the Apharsites, the Archevites, the Babylonians, the Susanchites, the Dehavites, and the Elamites,	
Ezra 5:1	Then the prophets, Haggai the prophet, and Zechariah the son of Iddo, prophesied unto the Jews that were in Judah and Jerusalem in the name of the God of Israel, even unto them.	
Ezra 5:11	And thus they returned us answer, saying, We are the servants of the God of heaven and earth, and build the house that was builded these many years ago, which a great king of Israel builded and set up.	
Ezra 5:12	But after that our fathers had provoked the God of heaven unto wrath, he gave them into the hand of Nebuchadnezzar the king of Babylon, the Chaldean, who destroyed this house, and carried the people away into Babylon.	
Ezra 6:14	And the elders of the Jews builded, and they prospered through the prophesying of Haggai the prophet and Zechariah the son of Iddo. And they builded, and finished it, according to the commandment of the God of Israel, and according to the commandment of Cyrus, and Darius, and Artaxerxes king of Persia.	
Ezra 6:20	For the priests and the Levites were purified together, all of them were pure, and killed the passover for all the children of the captivity, and for their brethren the priests, and for themselves.	
Ezra 6:22	And kept the feast of unleavened bread seven days with joy: for the LORD had made them joyful, and turned the heart of the king of Assyria unto them, to strengthen their hands in the work of the house of God, the God of Israel.	
Ezra 6:3	In the first year of Cyrus the king the same Cyrus the king made a decree concerning the house of God at Jerusalem, Let the house be builded, the place where they offered sacrifices, and let the foundations thereof be strongly laid; the height thereof threescore cubits, and the breadth thereof threescore cubits;	
Ezra 6:4	With three rows of great stones, and a row of new timber: and let the expenses be given out of the king's house:	
Ezra 6:8	Moreover I make a decree what ye shall do to the elders of these Jews for the building of this house of God: that of the king's goods, even of the tribute beyond the river, forthwith expenses be given unto these men, that they be not hindered.	
Ezra 7:11	Now this is the copy of the letter that the king Artaxerxes gave unto Ezra the priest, the scribe, even a scribe of the words of the commandments of the LORD, and of his statutes to Israel.	
Ezra 7:12	Artaxerxes, king of kings, unto Ezra the priest, a scribe of the law of the God of heaven, perfect peace, and at such a time.	
Ezra 7:16	And all the silver and gold that thou canst find in all the province of Babylon, with the freewill offering of the people, and of the priests, offering willingly for the house of their God which is in Jerusalem:	
Ezra 7:21	And I, even I Artaxerxes the king, do make a decree to all the treasurers which are beyond the river, that whatsoever Ezra the priest, the scribe of the law of the God of heaven, shall require of you, it be done speedily,	
Ezra 7:22	Unto an hundred talents of silver, and to an hundred measures of wheat, and to an hundred baths of wine, and to an hundred baths of oil, and salt without prescribing how much.	
Ezra 7:24	Also we certify you, that touching any of the priests and Levites, singers, porters, Nethinims, or ministers of this house of God, it shall not be lawful to impose toll, tribute, or custom, upon them.	
Ezra 7:26	And whosoever will not do the law of thy God, and the law of the king, let judgment be executed speedily upon him, whether it be unto death, or to banishment, or to confiscation of goods, or to imprisonment.	
Ezra 7:8	And he came to Jerusalem in the fifth month, which was in the seventh year of the king.	
Ezra 7:9	For upon the first day of the first month began he to go up from Babylon, and on the first day of the fifth month came he to Jerusalem, according to the good hand of his God upon him.	
Ezra 8:1	These are now the chief of their fathers, and this is the genealogy of them that went up with me from Babylon, in the reign of Artaxerxes the king.	
Ezra 8:10	And of the sons of Shelomith; the son of Josiphiah, and with him an hundred and threescore males.	
Ezra 8:12	And of the sons of Azgad; Johanan the son of Hakkatan, and with him an hundred and ten males.	
Ezra 8:14	Of the sons also of Bigvai; Uthai, and Zabbud, and with them seventy males.	
Ezra 8:19	And Hashabiah, and with him Jeshaiah of the sons of Merari, his brethren and their sons, twenty;	
Ezra 8:2	Of the sons of Phinehas; Gershom: of the sons of Ithamar; Daniel: of the sons of David; Hattush.	
Ezra 8:20	Also of the Nethinims, whom David and the princes had appointed for the service of the Levites, two hundred and twenty Nethinims: all of them were expressed by name.	
Ezra 8:29	Watch ye, and keep them, until ye weigh them before the chief of the priests and the Levites, and chief of the fathers of Israel, at Jerusalem, in the chambers of the house of the LORD.	
Ezra 8:32	And we came to Jerusalem, and abode there three days.	
Ezra 8:33	Now on the fourth day was the silver and the gold and the vessels weighed in the house of our God by the hand of Meremoth the son of Uriah the priest; and with him was Eleazar the son of Phinehas; and with them was Jozabad the son of Jeshua, and Noadiah the son of Binnui, Levites;	
Ezra 8:7	And of the sons of Elam; Jeshaiah the son of Athaliah, and with him seventy males.	
Ezra 8:9	Of the sons of Joab; Obadiah the son of Jehiel, and with him two hundred and eighteen males.	
Ezra 9:1	Now when these things were done, the princes came to me, saying, The people of Israel, and the priests, and the Levites, have not separated themselves from the people of the lands, doing according to their abominations, even of the Canaanites, the Hittites, the Perizzites, the Jebusites, the Ammonites, the Moabites, the Egyptians, and the Amorites.	
Galatians 1:11	But I certify you, brethren, that the gospel which was preached of me is not after man.	
Galatians 1:17	Neither went I up to Jerusalem to them which were apostles before me; but I went into Arabia, and returned again unto Damascus.	
Galatians 1:18	Then after three years I went up to Jerusalem to see Peter, and abode with him fifteen days.	
Galatians 1:22	And was unknown by face unto the churches of Judaea which were in Christ:	
Galatians 1:7	Which is not another; but there be some that trouble you, and would pervert the gospel of Christ.	
Galatians 1:9	As we said before, so say I now again, if any man preach any other gospel unto you than that ye have received, let him be accursed.	
Galatians 2:15	We who are Jews by nature, and not sinners of the Gentiles,	
Galatians 2:3	But neither Titus, who was with me, being a Greek, was compelled to be circumcised:	
Galatians 3:1	O foolish Galatians, who hath bewitched you, that ye should not obey the truth, before whose eyes Jesus Christ hath been evidently set forth, crucified among you?	
Galatians 3:11	But that no man is justified by the law in the sight of God, it is evident: for, The just shall live by faith.	
Galatians 3:12	And the law is not of faith: but, The man that doeth them shall live in them.	
Galatians 3:14	That the blessing of Abraham might come on the Gentiles through Jesus Christ; that we might receive the promise of the Spirit through faith.	
Galatians 3:16	Now to Abraham and his seed were the promises made. He saith not, And to seeds, as of many; but as of one, And to thy seed, which is Christ.	
Galatians 3:22	But the scripture hath concluded all under sin, that the promise by faith of Jesus Christ might be given to them that believe.	
Galatians 3:23	But before faith came, we were kept under the law, shut up unto the faith which should afterwards be revealed.	
Galatians 3:7	Know ye therefore that they which are of faith, the same are the children of Abraham.	
Galatians 4:16	Am I therefore become your enemy, because I tell you the truth?	
Galatians 4:21	Tell me, ye that desire to be under the law, do ye not hear the law?	
Galatians 4:23	But he who was of the bondwoman was born after the flesh; but he of the freewoman was by promise.	
Galatians 4:24	Which things are an allegory: for these are the two covenants; the one from the mount Sinai, which gendereth to bondage, which is Agar.	
Galatians 4:27	For it is written, Rejoice, thou barren that bearest not; break forth and cry, thou that travailest not: for the desolate hath many more children than she which hath an husband.	
Galatians 4:28	Now we, brethren, as Isaac was, are the children of promise.	
Galatians 4:30	Nevertheless what saith the scripture? Cast out the bondwoman and her son: for the son of the bondwoman shall not be heir with the son of the freewoman.	
Galatians 4:4	But when the fulness of the time was come, God sent forth his Son, made of a woman, made under the law,	
Galatians 4:9	But now, after that ye have known God, or rather are known of God, how turn ye again to the weak and beggarly elements, whereunto ye desire again to be in bondage?	
Galatians 5:1	Stand fast therefore in the liberty wherewith Christ hath made us free, and be not entangled again with the yoke of bondage.	
Galatians 5:10	I have confidence in you through the Lord, that ye will be none otherwise minded: but he that troubleth you shall bear his judgment, whosoever he be.	
Galatians 5:11	And I, brethren, if I yet preach circumcision, why do I yet suffer persecution? then is the offence of the cross ceased.	
Galatians 5:15	But if ye bite and devour one another, take heed that ye be not consumed one of another.	
Galatians 5:16	This I say then, Walk in the Spirit, and ye shall not fulfil the lust of the flesh.	
Galatians 5:19	Now the works of the flesh are manifest, which are these; Adultery, fornication, uncleanness, lasciviousness,	
Galatians 5:21	Envyings, murders, drunkenness, revellings, and such like: of the which I tell you before, as I have also told you in time past, that they which do such things shall not inherit the kingdom of God.	
Galatians 5:25	If we live in the Spirit, let us also walk in the Spirit.	
Galatians 5:9	A little leaven leaveneth the whole lump.	
Galatians 6:17	From henceforth let no man trouble me: for I bear in my body the marks of the Lord Jesus.	
Galatians 6:2	Bear ye one another's burdens, and so fulfil the law of Christ.	
Galatians 6:7	Be not deceived; God is not mocked: for whatsoever a man soweth, that shall he also reap.	
Genesis 10:10	And the beginning of his kingdom was Babel, and Erech, and Accad, and Calneh, in the land of Shinar.	
Genesis 10:2	The sons of Japheth; Gomer, and Magog, and Madai, and Javan, and Tubal, and Meshech, and Tiras.	
Genesis 10:22	The children of Shem; Elam, and Asshur, and Arphaxad, and Lud, and Aram.	
Genesis 10:27	And Hadoram, and Uzal, and Diklah,	
Genesis 10:30	And their dwelling was from Mesha, as thou goest unto Sephar a mount of the east.	
Genesis 10:4	And the sons of Javan; Elishah, and Tarshish, Kittim, and Dodanim.	
Genesis 10:8	And Cush begat Nimrod: he began to be a mighty one in the earth.	
Genesis 11:1	And the whole earth was of one language, and of one speech.	
Genesis 11:2	And it came to pass, as they journeyed from the east, that they found a plain in the land of Shinar; and they dwelt there.	
Genesis 11:30	But Sarai was barren; she had no child.	
Genesis 11:6	And the LORD said, Behold, the people is one, and they have all one language; and this they begin to do: and now nothing will be restrained from them, which they have imagined to do.	
Genesis 11:7	Go to, let us go down, and there confound their language, that they may not understand one another's speech.	
Genesis 11:8	So the LORD scattered them abroad from thence upon the face of all the earth: and they left off to build the city.	
Genesis 12:11	And it came to pass, when he was come near to enter into Egypt, that he said unto Sarai his wife, Behold now, I know that thou art a fair woman to look upon:	
Genesis 12:13	Say, I pray thee, thou art my sister: that it may be well with me for thy sake; and my soul shall live because of thee.	
Genesis 12:14	And it came to pass, that, when Abram was come into Egypt, the Egyptians beheld the woman that she was very fair.	
Genesis 12:15	The princes also of Pharaoh saw her, and commended her before Pharaoh: and the woman was taken into Pharaoh's house.	
Genesis 12:16	And he entreated Abram well for her sake: and he had sheep, and oxen, and he asses, and menservants, and maidservants, and she asses, and camels.	
Genesis 12:6	And Abram passed through the land unto the place of Sichem, unto the plain of Moreh. And the Canaanite was then in the land.	
Genesis 13:1	And Abram went up out of Egypt, he, and his wife, and all that he had, and Lot with him, into the south.	
Genesis 13:13	But the men of Sodom were wicked and sinners before the LORD exceedingly.	
Genesis 13:15	For all the land which thou seest, to thee will I give it, and to thy seed for ever.	
Genesis 13:17	Arise, walk through the land in the length of it and in the breadth of it; for I will give it unto thee.	
Genesis 13:8	And Abram said unto Lot, Let there be no strife, I pray thee, between me and thee, and between my herdmen and thy herdmen; for we be brethren.	
Genesis 14:17	And the king of Sodom went out to meet him after his return from the slaughter of Chedorlaomer, and of the kings that were with him, at the valley of Shaveh, which is the king's dale.	
Genesis 14:3	All these were joined together in the vale of Siddim, which is the salt sea.	
Genesis 14:6	And the Horites in their mount Seir, unto Elparan, which is by the wilderness.	
Genesis 14:7	And they returned, and came to Enmishpat, which is Kadesh, and smote all the country of the Amalekites, and also the Amorites, that dwelt in Hazezontamar.	
Genesis 14:9	With Chedorlaomer the king of Elam, and with Tidal king of nations, and Amraphel king of Shinar, and Arioch king of Ellasar; four kings with five.	
Genesis 15:1	After these things the word of the LORD came unto Abram in a vision, saying, Fear not, Abram: I am thy shield, and thy exceeding great reward.	
Genesis 15:16	But in the fourth generation they shall come hither again: for the iniquity of the Amorites is not yet full.	
Genesis 15:17	And it came to pass, that, when the sun went down, and it was dark, behold a smoking furnace, and a burning lamp that passed between those pieces.	
Genesis 15:2	And Abram said, LORD God, what wilt thou give me, seeing I go childless, and the steward of my house is this Eliezer of Damascus?	
Genesis 15:7	And he said unto him, I am the LORD that brought thee out of Ur of the Chaldees, to give thee this land to inherit it.	
Genesis 16:10	And the angel of the LORD said unto her, I will multiply thy seed exceedingly, that it shall not be numbered for multitude.	
Genesis 16:15	And Hagar bare Abram a son: and Abram called his son's name, which Hagar bare, Ishmael.	
Genesis 16:3	And Sarai Abram's wife took Hagar her maid the Egyptian, after Abram had dwelt ten years in the land of Canaan, and gave her to her husband Abram to be his wife.	
Genesis 16:6	But Abram said unto Sarai, Behold, thy maid is in thine hand; do to her as it pleaseth thee. And when Sarai dealt hardly with her, she fled from her face.	
Genesis 17:14	And the uncircumcised man child whose flesh of his foreskin is not circumcised, that soul shall be cut off from his people; he hath broken my covenant.	
Genesis 17:17	Then Abraham fell upon his face, and laughed, and said in his heart, Shall a child be born unto him that is an hundred years old? and shall Sarah, that is ninety years old, bear?	
Genesis 17:24	And Abraham was ninety years old and nine, when he was circumcised in the flesh of his foreskin.	
Genesis 17:26	In the selfsame day was Abraham circumcised, and Ishmael his son.	
Genesis 17:6	And I will make thee exceeding fruitful, and I will make nations of thee, and kings shall come out of thee.	
Genesis 18:2	And he lift up his eyes and looked, and, lo, three men stood by him: and when he saw them, he ran to meet them from the tent door, and bowed himself toward the ground,	
Genesis 18:21	I will go down now, and see whether they have done altogether according to the cry of it, which is come unto me; and if not, I will know.	
Genesis 18:28	Peradventure there shall lack five of the fifty righteous: wilt thou destroy all the city for lack of five? And he said, If I find there forty and five, I will not destroy it.	
Genesis 18:31	And he said, Behold now, I have taken upon me to speak unto the LORD: Peradventure there shall be twenty found there. And he said, I will not destroy it for twenty's sake.	
Genesis 18:4	Let a little water, I pray you, be fetched, and wash your feet, and rest yourselves under the tree:	
Genesis 18:7	And Abraham ran unto the herd, and fetched a calf tender and good, and gave it unto a young man; and he hasted to dress it.	
Genesis 18:8	And he took butter, and milk, and the calf which he had dressed, and set it before them; and he stood by them under the tree, and they did eat.	
Genesis 19:14	And Lot went out, and spake unto his sons in law, which married his daughters, and said, Up, get you out of this place; for the LORD will destroy this city. But he seemed as one that mocked unto his sons in law.	
Genesis 19:2	And he said, Behold now, my lords, turn in, I pray you, into your servant's house, and tarry all night, and wash your feet, and ye shall rise up early, and go on your ways. And they said, Nay; but we will abide in the street all night.	
Genesis 19:28	And he looked toward Sodom and Gomorrah, and toward all the land of the plain, and beheld, and, lo, the smoke of the country went up as the smoke of a furnace.	
Genesis 19:3	And he pressed upon them greatly; and they turned in unto him, and entered into his house; and he made them a feast, and did bake unleavened bread, and they did eat.	
Genesis 19:32	Come, let us make our father drink wine, and we will lie with him, that we may preserve seed of our father.	
Genesis 19:36	Thus were both the daughters of Lot with child by their father.	
Genesis 19:38	And the younger, she also bare a son, and called his name Benammi: the same is the father of the children of Ammon unto this day.	
Genesis 19:9	And they said, Stand back. And they said again, This one fellow came in to sojourn, and he will needs be a judge: now will we deal worse with thee, than with them. And they pressed sore upon the man, even Lot, and came near to break the door.	
Genesis 1:14	And God said, Let there be lights in the firmament of the heaven to divide the day from the night; and let them be for signs, and for seasons, and for days, and years:	
Genesis 1:15	And let them be for lights in the firmament of the heaven to give light upon the earth: and it was so.	
Genesis 1:2	And the earth was without form, and void; and darkness was upon the face of the deep. And the Spirit of God moved upon the face of the waters.	
Genesis 1:25	And God made the beast of the earth after his kind, and cattle after their kind, and every thing that creepeth upon the earth after his kind: and God saw that it was good.	
Genesis 1:26	And God said, Let us make man in our image, after our likeness: and let them have dominion over the fish of the sea, and over the fowl of the air, and over the cattle, and over all the earth, and over every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth.	
Genesis 1:3	And God said, Let there be light: and there was light.	
Genesis 1:5	And God called the light Day, and the darkness he called Night. And the evening and the morning were the first day.	
Genesis 1:7	And God made the firmament, and divided the waters which were under the firmament from the waters which were above the firmament: and it was so.	
Genesis 1:8	And God called the firmament Heaven. And the evening and the morning were the second day.	
Genesis 20:1	And Abraham journeyed from thence toward the south country, and dwelled between Kadesh and Shur, and sojourned in Gerar.	
Genesis 20:14	And Abimelech took sheep, and oxen, and menservants, and womenservants, and gave them unto Abraham, and restored him Sarah his wife.	
Genesis 20:5	Said he not unto me, She is my sister? and she, even she herself said, He is my brother: in the integrity of my heart and innocency of my hands have I done this.	
Genesis 20:7	Now therefore restore the man his wife; for he is a prophet, and he shall pray for thee, and thou shalt live: and if thou restore her not, know thou that thou shalt surely die, thou, and all that are thine.	
Genesis 21:1	And the LORD visited Sarah as he had said, and the LORD did unto Sarah as he had spoken.	
Genesis 21:16	And she went, and sat her down over against him a good way off, as it were a bow shot: for she said, Let me not see the death of the child. And she sat over against him, and lift up her voice, and wept.	
Genesis 21:18	Arise, lift up the lad, and hold him in thine hand; for I will make him a great nation.	
Genesis 21:19	And God opened her eyes, and she saw a well of water; and she went, and filled the bottle with water, and gave the lad drink.	
Genesis 21:27	And Abraham took sheep and oxen, and gave them unto Abimelech; and both of them made a covenant.	
Genesis 21:30	And he said, For these seven ewe lambs shalt thou take of my hand, that they may be a witness unto me, that I have digged this well.	
Genesis 21:31	Wherefore he called that place Beersheba; because there they sware both of them.	
Genesis 21:34	And Abraham sojourned in the Philistines' land many days.	
Genesis 22:12	And he said, Lay not thine hand upon the lad, neither do thou any thing unto him: for now I know that thou fearest God, seeing thou hast not withheld thy son, thine only son from me.	
Genesis 22:21	Huz his firstborn, and Buz his brother, and Kemuel the father of Aram,	
Genesis 22:23	And Bethuel begat Rebekah: these eight Milcah did bear to Nahor, Abraham's brother.	
Genesis 22:3	And Abraham rose up early in the morning, and saddled his ass, and took two of his young men with him, and Isaac his son, and clave the wood for the burnt offering, and rose up, and went unto the place of which God had told him.	
Genesis 22:4	Then on the third day Abraham lifted up his eyes, and saw the place afar off.	
Genesis 22:6	And Abraham took the wood of the burnt offering, and laid it upon Isaac his son; and he took the fire in his hand, and a knife; and they went both of them together.	
Genesis 23:1	And Sarah was an hundred and seven and twenty years old: these were the years of the life of Sarah.	
Genesis 23:10	And Ephron dwelt among the children of Heth: and Ephron the Hittite answered Abraham in the audience of the children of Heth, even of all that went in at the gate of his city, saying,	
Genesis 23:11	Nay, my lord, hear me: the field give I thee, and the cave that is therein, I give it thee; in the presence of the sons of my people give I it thee: bury thy dead.	
Genesis 23:12	And Abraham bowed down himself before the people of the land.	
Genesis 23:16	And Abraham hearkened unto Ephron; and Abraham weighed to Ephron the silver, which he had named in the audience of the sons of Heth, four hundred shekels of silver, current money with the merchant.	
Genesis 23:17	And the field of Ephron which was in Machpelah, which was before Mamre, the field, and the cave which was therein, and all the trees that were in the field, that were in all the borders round about, were made sure	
Genesis 23:19	And after this, Abraham buried Sarah his wife in the cave of the field of Machpelah before Mamre: the same is Hebron in the land of Canaan.	
Genesis 23:9	That he may give me the cave of Machpelah, which he hath, which is in the end of his field; for as much money as it is worth he shall give it me for a possession of a buryingplace amongst you.	
Genesis 24:20	And she hasted, and emptied her pitcher into the trough, and ran again unto the well to draw water, and drew for all his camels.	
Genesis 24:22	And it came to pass, as the camels had done drinking, that the man took a golden earring of half a shekel weight, and two bracelets for her hands of ten shekels weight of gold;	
Genesis 24:25	She said moreover unto him, We have both straw and provender enough, and room to lodge in.	
Genesis 24:27	And he said, Blessed be the LORD God of my master Abraham, who hath not left destitute my master of his mercy and his truth: I being in the way, the LORD led me to the house of my master's brethren.	
Genesis 24:28	And the damsel ran, and told them of her mother's house these things.	
Genesis 24:36	And Sarah my master's wife bare a son to my master when she was old: and unto him hath he given all that he hath.	
Genesis 24:41	Then shalt thou be clear from this my oath, when thou comest to my kindred; and if they give not thee one, thou shalt be clear from my oath.	
Genesis 24:46	And she made haste, and let down her pitcher from her shoulder, and said, Drink, and I will give thy camels drink also: so I drank, and she made the camels drink also.	
Genesis 24:47	And I asked her, and said, Whose daughter art thou? And she said, the daughter of Bethuel, Nahor's son, whom Milcah bare unto him: and I put the earring upon her face, and the bracelets upon her hands.	
Genesis 24:52	And it came to pass, that, when Abraham's servant heard their words, he worshipped the LORD, bowing himself to the earth.	
Genesis 24:57	And they said, We will call the damsel, and inquire at her mouth.	
Genesis 24:58	And they called Rebekah, and said unto her, Wilt thou go with this man? And she said, I will go.	
Genesis 24:61	And Rebekah arose, and her damsels, and they rode upon the camels, and followed the man: and the servant took Rebekah, and went his way.	
Genesis 24:65	For she had said unto the servant, What man is this that walketh in the field to meet us? And the servant had said, It is my master: therefore she took a vail, and covered herself.	
Genesis 24:67	And Isaac brought her into his mother Sarah's tent, and took Rebekah, and she became his wife; and he loved her: and Isaac was comforted after his mother's death.	
Genesis 24:9	And the servant put his hand under the thigh of Abraham his master, and sware to him concerning that matter.	
Genesis 25:12	Now these are the generations of Ishmael, Abraham's son, whom Hagar the Egyptian, Sarah's handmaid, bare unto Abraham:	
Genesis 25:13	And these are the names of the sons of Ishmael, by their names, according to their generations: the firstborn of Ishmael, Nebajoth; and Kedar, and Adbeel, and Mibsam,	
Genesis 25:15	Hadar, and Tema, Jetur, Naphish, and Kedemah:	
Genesis 25:20	And Isaac was forty years old when he took Rebekah to wife, the daughter of Bethuel the Syrian of Padanaram, the sister to Laban the Syrian.	
Genesis 25:21	And Isaac entreated the LORD for his wife, because she was barren: and the LORD was entreated of him, and Rebekah his wife conceived.	
Genesis 25:31	And Jacob said, Sell me this day thy birthright.	
Genesis 25:33	And Jacob said, Swear to me this day; and he sware unto him: and he sold his birthright unto Jacob.	
Genesis 25:34	Then Jacob gave Esau bread and pottage of lentils; and he did eat and drink, and rose up, and went his way: thus Esau despised his birthright.	
Genesis 25:6	But unto the sons of the concubines, which Abraham had, Abraham gave gifts, and sent them away from Isaac his son, while he yet lived, eastward, unto the east country.	
Genesis 25:8	Then Abraham gave up the ghost, and died in a good old age, an old man, and full of years; and was gathered to his people.	
Genesis 26:1	And there was a famine in the land, beside the first famine that was in the days of Abraham. And Isaac went unto Abimelech king of the Philistines unto Gerar.	
Genesis 26:12	Then Isaac sowed in that land, and received in the same year an hundredfold: and the LORD blessed him.	
Genesis 26:14	For he had possession of flocks, and possession of herds, and great store of servants: and the Philistines envied him.	
Genesis 26:15	For all the wells which his father's servants had digged in the days of Abraham his father, the Philistines had stopped them, and filled them with earth.	
Genesis 26:19	And Isaac's servants digged in the valley, and found there a well of springing water.	
Genesis 26:20	And the herdmen of Gerar did strive with Isaac's herdmen, saying, The water is ours: and he called the name of the well Esek; because they strove with him.	
Genesis 26:22	And he removed from thence, and digged another well; and for that they strove not: and he called the name of it Rehoboth; and he said, For now the LORD hath made room for us, and we shall be fruitful in the land.	
Genesis 26:32	And it came to pass the same day, that Isaac's servants came, and told him concerning the well which they had digged, and said unto him, We have found water.	
Genesis 26:35	Which were a grief of mind unto Isaac and to Rebekah.	
Genesis 26:4	And I will make thy seed to multiply as the stars of heaven, and will give unto thy seed all these countries; and in thy seed shall all the nations of the earth be blessed;	
Genesis 26:5	Because that Abraham obeyed my voice, and kept my charge, my commandments, my statutes, and my laws.	
Genesis 26:6	And Isaac dwelt in Gerar:	
Genesis 26:8	And it came to pass, when he had been there a long time, that Abimelech king of the Philistines looked out at a window, and saw, and, behold, Isaac was sporting with Rebekah his wife.	
Genesis 27:12	My father peradventure will feel me, and I shall seem to him as a deceiver; and I shall bring a curse upon me, and not a blessing.	
Genesis 27:19	And Jacob said unto his father, I am Esau thy first born; I have done according as thou badest me: arise, I pray thee, sit and eat of my venison, that thy soul may bless me.	
Genesis 27:27	And he came near, and kissed him: and he smelled the smell of his raiment, and blessed him, and said, See, the smell of my son is as the smell of a field which the LORD hath blessed:	
Genesis 27:31	And he also had made savory meat, and brought it unto his father, and said unto his father, Let my father arise, and eat of his son's venison, that thy soul may bless me.	
Genesis 27:32	And Isaac his father said unto him, Who art thou? And he said, I am thy son, thy firstborn Esau.	
Genesis 27:34	And when Esau heard the words of his father, he cried with a great and exceeding bitter cry, and said unto his father, Bless me, even me also, O my father.	
Genesis 27:35	And he said, Thy brother came with subtilty, and hath taken away thy blessing.	
Genesis 27:40	And by thy sword shalt thou live, and shalt serve thy brother; and it shall come to pass when thou shalt have the dominion, that thou shalt break his yoke from off thy neck.	
Genesis 27:42	And these words of Esau her elder son were told to Rebekah: and she sent and called Jacob her younger son, and said unto him, Behold, thy brother Esau, as touching thee, doth comfort himself, purposing to kill thee.	
Genesis 27:46	And Rebekah said to Isaac, I am weary of my life because of the daughters of Heth: if Jacob take a wife of the daughters of Heth, such as these which are of the daughters of the land, what good shall my life do me?	
Genesis 28:11	And he lighted upon a certain place, and tarried there all night, because the sun was set; and he took of the stones of that place, and put them for his pillows, and lay down in that place to sleep.	
Genesis 28:15	And, behold, I am with thee, and will keep thee in all places whither thou goest, and will bring thee again into this land; for I will not leave thee, until I have done that which I have spoken to thee of.	
Genesis 28:18	And Jacob rose up early in the morning, and took the stone that he had put for his pillows, and set it up for a pillar, and poured oil upon the top of it.	
Genesis 28:2	Arise, go to Padanaram, to the house of Bethuel thy mother's father; and take thee a wife from thence of the daughters of Laban thy mother's brother.	
Genesis 28:20	And Jacob vowed a vow, saying, If God will be with me, and will keep me in this way that I go, and will give me bread to eat, and raiment to put on,	
Genesis 28:21	So that I come again to my father's house in peace; then shall the LORD be my God:	
Genesis 28:22	And this stone, which I have set for a pillar, shall be God's house: and of all that thou shalt give me I will surely give the tenth unto thee.	
Genesis 28:4	And give thee the blessing of Abraham, to thee, and to thy seed with thee; that thou mayest inherit the land wherein thou art a stranger, which God gave unto Abraham.	
Genesis 28:6	When Esau saw that Isaac had blessed Jacob, and sent him away to Padanaram, to take him a wife from thence; and that as he blessed him he gave him a charge, saying, Thou shalt not take a wife of the daughters of Canaan;	
Genesis 28:9	Then went Esau unto Ishmael, and took unto the wives which he had Mahalath the daughter of Ishmael Abraham's son, the sister of Nebajoth, to be his wife.	
Genesis 29:1	Then Jacob went on his journey, and came into the land of the people of the east.	
Genesis 29:19	And Laban said, It is better that I give her to thee, than that I should give her to another man: abide with me.	
Genesis 29:23	And it came to pass in the evening, that he took Leah his daughter, and brought her to him; and he went in unto her.	
Genesis 29:27	Fulfil her week, and we will give thee this also for the service which thou shalt serve with me yet seven other years.	
Genesis 29:30	And he went in also unto Rachel, and he loved also Rachel more than Leah, and served with him yet seven other years.	
Genesis 29:35	And she conceived again, and bare a son: and she said, Now will I praise the LORD: therefore she called his name Judah; and left bearing.	
Genesis 29:5	And he said unto them, Know ye Laban the son of Nahor? And they said, We know him.	
Genesis 2:12	And the gold of that land is good: there is bdellium and the onyx stone.	
Genesis 2:14	And the name of the third river is Hiddekel: that is it which goeth toward the east of Assyria. And the fourth river is Euphrates.	
Genesis 2:17	But of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, thou shalt not eat of it: for in the day that thou eatest thereof thou shalt surely die.	
Genesis 2:19	And out of the ground the LORD God formed every beast of the field, and every fowl of the air; and brought them unto Adam to see what he would call them: and whatsoever Adam called every living creature, that was the name thereof.	
Genesis 2:2	And on the seventh day God ended his work which he had made; and he rested on the seventh day from all his work which he had made.	
Genesis 2:25	And they were both naked, the man and his wife, and were not ashamed.	
Genesis 2:4	These are the generations of the heavens and of the earth when they were created, in the day that the LORD God made the earth and the heavens,	
Genesis 2:5	And every plant of the field before it was in the earth, and every herb of the field before it grew: for the LORD God had not caused it to rain upon the earth, and there was not a man to till the ground.	
Genesis 2:6	But there went up a mist from the earth, and watered the whole face of the ground.	
Genesis 2:7	And the LORD God formed man of the dust of the ground, and breathed into his nostrils the breath of life; and man became a living soul.	
Genesis 2:8	And the LORD God planted a garden eastward in Eden; and there he put the man whom he had formed.	
Genesis 30:10	And Zilpah Leah's maid bare Jacob a son.	
Genesis 30:15	And she said unto her, Is it a small matter that thou hast taken my husband? and wouldest thou take away my son's mandrakes also? And Rachel said, Therefore he shall lie with thee to night for thy son's mandrakes.	
Genesis 30:25	And it came to pass, when Rachel had born Joseph, that Jacob said unto Laban, Send me away, that I may go unto mine own place, and to my country.	
Genesis 30:29	And he said unto him, Thou knowest how I have served thee, and how thy cattle was with me.	
Genesis 30:3	And she said, Behold my maid Bilhah, go in unto her; and she shall bear upon my knees, that I may also have children by her.	
Genesis 30:31	And he said, What shall I give thee? And Jacob said, Thou shalt not give me any thing: if thou wilt do this thing for me, I will again feed and keep thy flock.	
Genesis 30:33	So shall my righteousness answer for me in time to come, when it shall come for my hire before thy face: every one that is not speckled and spotted among the goats, and brown among the sheep, that shall be counted stolen with me.	
Genesis 30:35	And he removed that day the he goats that were ring-streaked and spotted, and all the she goats that were speckled and spotted, and every one that had some white in it, and all the brown among the sheep, and gave them into the hand of his sons.	
Genesis 30:36	And he set three days' journey betwixt himself and Jacob: and Jacob fed the rest of Laban's flocks.	
Genesis 30:37	And Jacob took him rods of green poplar, and of the hazel and chestnut tree; and pilled white streaks in them, and made the white appear which was in the rods.	
Genesis 30:39	And the flocks conceived before the rods, and brought forth cattle ring-streaked, speckled, and spotted.	
Genesis 30:4	And she gave him Bilhah her handmaid to wife: and Jacob went in unto her.	
Genesis 30:41	And it came to pass, whensoever the stronger cattle did conceive, that Jacob laid the rods before the eyes of the cattle in the gutters, that they might conceive among the rods.	
Genesis 30:5	And Bilhah conceived, and bare Jacob a son.	
Genesis 30:6	And Rachel said, God hath judged me, and hath also heard my voice, and hath given me a son: therefore called she his name Dan.	
Genesis 30:8	And Rachel said, With great wrestlings have I wrestled with my sister, and I have prevailed: and she called his name Naphtali.	
Genesis 31:14	And Rachel and Leah answered and said unto him, Is there yet any portion or inheritance for us in our father's house?	
Genesis 31:15	Are we not counted of him strangers? for he hath sold us, and hath quite devoured also our money.	
Genesis 31:19	And Laban went to shear his sheep: and Rachel had stolen the images that were her father's.	
Genesis 31:23	And he took his brethren with him, and pursued after him seven days' journey; and they overtook him in the mount Gilead.	
Genesis 31:26	And Laban said to Jacob, What hast thou done, that thou hast stolen away unawares to me, and carried away my daughters, as captives taken with the sword?	
Genesis 31:27	Wherefore didst thou flee away secretly, and steal away from me; and didst not tell me, that I might have sent thee away with mirth, and with songs, with tabret, and with harp?	
Genesis 31:28	And hast not suffered me to kiss my sons and my daughters? thou hast now done foolishly in so doing.	
Genesis 31:32	With whomsoever thou findest thy gods, let him not live: before our brethren discern thou what is thine with me, and take it to thee. For Jacob knew not that Rachel had stolen them.	
Genesis 31:38	This twenty years have I been with thee; thy ewes and thy she goats have not cast their young, and the rams of thy flock have I not eaten.	
Genesis 31:41	Thus have I been twenty years in thy house; I served thee fourteen years for thy two daughters, and six years for thy cattle: and thou hast changed my wages ten times.	
Genesis 31:48	And Laban said, This heap is a witness between me and thee this day. Therefore was the name of it called Galeed;	
Genesis 31:54	Then Jacob offered sacrifice upon the mount, and called his brethren to eat bread: and they did eat bread, and tarried all night in the mount.	
Genesis 31:6	And ye know that with all my power I have served your father.	
Genesis 31:8	If he said thus, The speckled shall be thy wages; then all the cattle bare speckled: and if he said thus, The ring-streaked shall be thy hire; then bare all the cattle ring-streaked.	
Genesis 32:10	I am not worthy of the least of all the mercies, and of all the truth, which thou hast showed unto thy servant; for with my staff I passed over this Jordan; and now I am become two bands.	
Genesis 32:12	And thou saidst, I will surely do thee good, and make thy seed as the sand of the sea, which cannot be numbered for multitude.	
Genesis 32:18	Then thou shalt say, They be thy servant Jacob's; it is a present sent unto my lord Esau: and, behold, also he is behind us.	
Genesis 32:2	And when Jacob saw them, he said, This is God's host: and he called the name of that place Mahanaim.	
Genesis 32:27	And he said unto him, What is thy name? And he said, Jacob.	
Genesis 32:28	And he said, Thy name shall be called no more Jacob, but Israel: for as a prince hast thou power with God and with men, and hast prevailed.	
Genesis 32:30	And Jacob called the name of the place Peniel: for I have seen God face to face, and my life is preserved.	
Genesis 32:32	Therefore the children of Israel eat not of the sinew which shrank, which is upon the hollow of the thigh, unto this day: because he touched the hollow of Jacob's thigh in the sinew that shrank.	
Genesis 32:5	And I have oxen, and asses, flocks, and menservants, and womenservants: and I have sent to tell my lord, that I may find grace in thy sight.	
Genesis 32:9	And Jacob said, O God of my father Abraham, and God of my father Isaac, the LORD which saidst unto me, Return unto thy country, and to thy kindred, and I will deal well with thee:	
Genesis 33:13	And he said unto him, My lord knoweth that the children are tender, and the flocks and herds with young are with me: and if men should overdrive them one day, all the flock will die.	
Genesis 33:16	So Esau returned that day on his way unto Seir.	
Genesis 33:20	And he erected there an altar, and called it EleloheIsrael.	
Genesis 33:3	And he passed over before them, and bowed himself to the ground seven times, until he came near to his brother.	
Genesis 33:8	And he said, What meanest thou by all this drove which I met? And he said, These are to find grace in the sight of my lord.	
Genesis 33:9	And Esau said, I have enough, my brother; keep that thou hast unto thyself.	
Genesis 34:10	And ye shall dwell with us: and the land shall be before you; dwell and trade ye therein, and get you possessions therein.	
Genesis 34:16	Then will we give our daughters unto you, and we will take your daughters to us, and we will dwell with you, and we will become one people.	
Genesis 34:18	And their words pleased Hamor, and Shechem Hamor's son.	
Genesis 34:20	And Hamor and Shechem his son came unto the gate of their city, and communed with the men of their city, saying,	
Genesis 34:22	Only herein will the men consent unto us for to dwell with us, to be one people, if every male among us be circumcised, as they are circumcised.	
Genesis 34:29	And all their wealth, and all their little ones, and their wives took they captive, and spoiled even all that was in the house.	
Genesis 34:30	And Jacob said to Simeon and Levi, Ye have troubled me to make me to stink among the inhabitants of the land, among the Canaanites and the Perizzites: and I being few in number, they shall gather themselves together against me, and slay me; and I shall be destroyed, I and my house.	
Genesis 34:6	And Hamor the father of Shechem went out unto Jacob to commune with him.	
Genesis 34:7	And the sons of Jacob came out of the field when they heard it: and the men were grieved, and they were very wroth, because he had wrought folly in Israel in lying with Jacob's daughter: which thing ought not to be done.	
Genesis 34:9	And make ye marriages with us, and give your daughters unto us, and take our daughters unto you.	
Genesis 35:13	And God went up from him in the place where he talked with him.	
Genesis 35:16	And they journeyed from Bethel; and there was but a little way to come to Ephrath: and Rachel travailed, and she had hard labor.	
Genesis 35:2	Then Jacob said unto his household, and to all that were with him, Put away the strange gods that are among you, and be clean, and change your garments:	
Genesis 35:21	And Israel journeyed, and spread his tent beyond the tower of Edar.	
Genesis 35:22	And it came to pass, when Israel dwelt in that land, that Reuben went and lay with Bilhah his father's concubine: and Israel heard it. Now the sons of Jacob were twelve:	
Genesis 35:27	And Jacob came unto Isaac his father unto Mamre, unto the city of Arba, which is Hebron, where Abraham and Isaac sojourned.	
Genesis 35:28	And the days of Isaac were an hundred and fourscore years.	
Genesis 35:29	And Isaac gave up the ghost, and died, and was gathered unto his people, being old and full of days: and his sons Esau and Jacob buried him.	
Genesis 35:6	So Jacob came to Luz, which is in the land of Canaan, that is, Bethel, he and all the people that were with him.	
Genesis 36:11	And the sons of Eliphaz were Teman, Omar, Zepho, and Gatam, and Kenaz.	
Genesis 36:20	These are the sons of Seir the Horite, who inhabited the land; Lotan, and Shobal, and Zibeon, and Anah,	
Genesis 36:21	And Dishon, and Ezer, and Dishan: these are the dukes of the Horites, the children of Seir in the land of Edom.	
Genesis 36:26	And these are the children of Dishon; Hemdan, and Eshban, and Ithran, and Cheran.	
Genesis 36:30	Duke Dishon, duke Ezer, duke Dishan: these are the dukes that came of Hori, among their dukes in the land of Seir.	
Genesis 36:32	And Bela the son of Beor reigned in Edom: and the name of his city was Dinhabah.	
Genesis 36:33	And Bela died, and Jobab the son of Zerah of Bozrah reigned in his stead.	
Genesis 36:37	And Samlah died, and Saul of Rehoboth by the river reigned in his stead.	
Genesis 36:38	And Saul died, and Baalhanan the son of Achbor reigned in his stead.	
Genesis 36:5	And Aholibamah bare Jeush, and Jaalam, and Korah: these are the sons of Esau, which were born unto him in the land of Canaan.	
Genesis 36:7	For their riches were more than that they might dwell together; and the land wherein they were strangers could not bear them because of their cattle.	
Genesis 37:13	And Israel said unto Joseph, Do not thy brethren feed the flock in Shechem? come, and I will send thee unto them. And he said to him, Here am I.	
Genesis 37:18	And when they saw him afar off, even before he came near unto them, they conspired against him to slay him.	
Genesis 37:19	And they said one to another, Behold, this dreamer cometh.	
Genesis 37:22	And Reuben said unto them, Shed no blood, but cast him into this pit that is in the wilderness, and lay no hand upon him; that he might rid him out of their hands, to deliver him to his father again.	
Genesis 37:24	And they took him, and cast him into a pit: and the pit was empty, there was no water in it.	
Genesis 37:26	And Judah said unto his brethren, What profit is it if we slay our brother, and conceal his blood?	
Genesis 37:28	Then there passed by Midianites merchantmen; and they drew and lifted up Joseph out of the pit, and sold Joseph to the Ishmaelites for twenty pieces of silver: and they brought Joseph into Egypt.	
Genesis 37:30	And he returned unto his brethren, and said, The child is not; and I, whither shall I go?	
Genesis 37:5	And Joseph dreamed a dream, and he told it his brethren: and they hated him yet the more.	
Genesis 38:12	And in process of time the daughter of Shuah Judah's wife died; and Judah was comforted, and went up unto his sheepshearers to Timnath, he and his friend Hirah the Adullamite.	
Genesis 38:13	And it was told Tamar, saying, Behold thy father in law goeth up to Timnath to shear his sheep.	
Genesis 38:16	And he turned unto her by the way, and said, Go to, I pray thee, let me come in unto thee; (for he knew not that she was his daughter in law.) And she said, What wilt thou give me, that thou mayest come in unto me?	
Genesis 38:19	And she arose, and went away, and laid by her vail from her, and put on the garments of her widowhood.	
Genesis 38:22	And he returned to Judah, and said, I cannot find her; and also the men of the place said, that there was no harlot in this place.	
Genesis 38:27	And it came to pass in the time of her travail, that, behold, twins were in her womb.	
Genesis 39:1	And Joseph was brought down to Egypt; and Potiphar, an officer of Pharaoh, captain of the guard, an Egyptian, bought him of the hands of the Ishmaelites, which had brought him down thither.	
Genesis 39:10	And it came to pass, as she spake to Joseph day by day, that he hearkened not unto her, to lie by her, or to be with her.	
Genesis 39:13	And it came to pass, when she saw that he had left his garment in her hand, and was fled forth,	
Genesis 39:15	And it came to pass, when he heard that I lifted up my voice and cried, that he left his garment with me, and fled, and got him out.	
Genesis 39:18	And it came to pass, as I lifted up my voice and cried, that he left his garment with me, and fled out.	
Genesis 39:20	And Joseph's master took him, and put him into the prison, a place where the king's prisoners were bound: and he was there in the prison.	
Genesis 3:18	Thorns also and thistles shall it bring forth to thee; and thou shalt eat the herb of the field;	
Genesis 3:3	But of the fruit of the tree which is in the midst of the garden, God hath said, Ye shall not eat of it, neither shall ye touch it, lest ye die.	
Genesis 3:6	And when the woman saw that the tree was good for food, and that it was pleasant to the eyes, and a tree to be desired to make one wise, she took of the fruit thereof, and did eat, and gave also unto her husband with her; and he did eat.	
Genesis 3:7	And the eyes of them both were opened, and they knew that they were naked; and they sewed fig leaves together, and made themselves aprons.	
Genesis 40:10	And in the vine were three branches: and it was as though it budded, and her blossoms shot forth; and the clusters thereof brought forth ripe grapes:	
Genesis 40:13	Yet within three days shall Pharaoh lift up thine head, and restore thee unto thy place: and thou shalt deliver Pharaoh's cup into his hand, after the former manner when thou wast his butler.	
Genesis 40:15	For indeed I was stolen away out of the land of the Hebrews: and here also have I done nothing that they should put me into the dungeon.	
Genesis 40:17	And in the uppermost basket there was of all manner of bakemeats for Pharaoh; and the birds did eat them out of the basket upon my head.	
Genesis 40:20	And it came to pass the third day, which was Pharaoh's birthday, that he made a feast unto all his servants: and he lifted up the head of the chief butler and of the chief baker among his servants.	
Genesis 40:5	And they dreamed a dream both of them, each man his dream in one night, each man according to the interpretation of his dream, the butler and the baker of the king of Egypt, which were bound in the prison.	
Genesis 40:8	And they said unto him, We have dreamed a dream, and there is no interpreter of it. And Joseph said unto them, Do not interpretations belong to God? tell me them, I pray you.	
Genesis 41:1	And it came to pass at the end of two full years, that Pharaoh dreamed: and, behold, he stood by the river.	
Genesis 41:14	Then Pharaoh sent and called Joseph, and they brought him hastily out of the dungeon: and he shaved himself, and changed his raiment, and came in unto Pharaoh.	
Genesis 41:16	And Joseph answered Pharaoh, saying, It is not in me: God shall give Pharaoh an answer of peace.	
Genesis 41:17	And Pharaoh said unto Joseph, In my dream, behold, I stood upon the bank of the river:	
Genesis 41:20	And the lean and the ill favored kine did eat up the first seven fat kine:	
Genesis 41:21	And when they had eaten them up, it could not be known that they had eaten them; but they were still ill favored, as at the beginning. So I awoke.	
Genesis 41:28	This is the thing which I have spoken unto Pharaoh: What God is about to do he showeth unto Pharaoh.	
Genesis 41:33	Now therefore let Pharaoh look out a man discreet and wise, and set him over the land of Egypt.	
Genesis 41:34	Let Pharaoh do this, and let him appoint officers over the land, and take up the fifth part of the land of Egypt in the seven plenteous years.	
Genesis 41:39	And Pharaoh said unto Joseph, Forasmuch as God hath showed thee all this, there is none so discreet and wise as thou art:	
Genesis 41:40	Thou shalt be over my house, and according unto thy word shall all my people be ruled: only in the throne will I be greater than thou.	
Genesis 41:42	And Pharaoh took off his ring from his hand, and put it upon Joseph's hand, and arrayed him in vestures of fine linen, and put a gold chain about his neck;	
Genesis 41:48	And he gathered up all the food of the seven years, which were in the land of Egypt, and laid up the food in the cities: the food of the field, which was round about every city, laid he up in the same.	
Genesis 41:51	And Joseph called the name of the firstborn Manasseh: For God, said he, hath made me forget all my toil, and all my father's house.	
Genesis 41:52	And the name of the second called he Ephraim: For God hath caused me to be fruitful in the land of my affliction.	
Genesis 41:7	And the seven thin ears devoured the seven rank and full ears. And Pharaoh awoke, and, behold, it was a dream.	
Genesis 42:14	And Joseph said unto them, That is it that I spake unto you, saying, Ye are spies:	
Genesis 42:16	Send one of you, and let him fetch your brother, and ye shall be kept in prison, that your words may be proved, whether there be any truth in you: or else by the life of Pharaoh surely ye are spies.	
Genesis 42:2	And he said, Behold, I have heard that there is corn in Egypt: get you down thither, and buy for us from thence; that we may live, and not die.	
Genesis 42:20	But bring your youngest brother unto me; so shall your words be verified, and ye shall not die. And they did so.	
Genesis 42:24	And he turned himself about from them, and wept; and returned to them again, and communed with them, and took from them Simeon, and bound him before their eyes.	
Genesis 42:26	And they laded their asses with the corn, and departed thence.	
Genesis 42:29	And they came unto Jacob their father unto the land of Canaan, and told him all that befell unto them; saying,	
Genesis 42:31	And we said unto him, We are true men; we are no spies:	
Genesis 42:33	And the man, the lord of the country, said unto us, Hereby shall I know that ye are true men; leave one of your brethren here with me, and take food for the famine of your households, and be gone:	
Genesis 43:10	For except we had lingered, surely now we had returned this second time.	
Genesis 43:18	And the men were afraid, because they were brought into Joseph's house; and they said, Because of the money that was returned in our sacks at the first time are we brought in; that he may seek occasion against us, and fall upon us, and take us for bondmen, and our asses.	
Genesis 43:2	And it came to pass, when they had eaten up the corn which they had brought out of Egypt, their father said unto them, Go again, buy us a little food.	
Genesis 43:22	And other money have we brought down in our hands to buy food: we cannot tell who put our money in our sacks.	
Genesis 43:23	And he said, Peace be to you, fear not: your God, and the God of your father, hath given you treasure in your sacks: I had your money. And he brought Simeon out unto them.	
Genesis 43:29	And he lifted up his eyes, and saw his brother Benjamin, his mother's son, and said, Is this your younger brother, of whom ye spake unto me? And he said, God be gracious unto thee, my son.	
Genesis 43:30	And Joseph made haste; for his bowels did yearn upon his brother: and he sought where to weep; and he entered into his chamber, and wept there.	
Genesis 43:6	And Israel said, Wherefore dealt ye so ill with me, as to tell the man whether ye had yet a brother?	
Genesis 44:19	My lord asked his servants, saying, Have ye a father, or a brother?	
Genesis 44:24	And it came to pass when we came up unto thy servant my father, we told him the words of my lord.	
Genesis 44:3	As soon as the morning was light, the men were sent away, they and their asses.	
Genesis 44:30	Now therefore when I come to thy servant my father, and the lad be not with us; seeing that his life is bound up in the lad's life;	
Genesis 44:5	Is not this it in which my lord drinketh, and whereby indeed he divineth? ye have done evil in so doing.	
Genesis 45:1	Then Joseph could not refrain himself before all them that stood by him; and he cried, Cause every man to go out from me. And there stood no man with him, while Joseph made himself known unto his brethren.	
Genesis 45:14	And he fell upon his brother Benjamin's neck, and wept; and Benjamin wept upon his neck.	
Genesis 45:17	And Pharaoh said unto Joseph, Say unto thy brethren, This do ye; lade your beasts, and go, get you unto the land of Canaan;	
Genesis 45:2	And he wept aloud: and the Egyptians and the house of Pharaoh heard.	
Genesis 45:22	To all of them he gave each man changes of raiment; but to Benjamin he gave three hundred pieces of silver, and five changes of raiment.	
Genesis 45:23	And to his father he sent after this manner; ten asses laden with the good things of Egypt, and ten she asses laden with corn and bread and meat for his father by the way.	
Genesis 45:24	So he sent his brethren away, and they departed: and he said unto them, See that ye fall not out by the way.	
Genesis 45:27	And they told him all the words of Joseph, which he had said unto them: and when he saw the wagons which Joseph had sent to carry him, the spirit of Jacob their father revived:	
Genesis 45:28	And Israel said, It is enough; Joseph my son is yet alive: I will go and see him before I die.	
Genesis 45:9	Haste ye, and go up to my father, and say unto him, Thus saith thy son Joseph, God hath made me lord of all Egypt: come down unto me, tarry not:	
Genesis 46:16	And the sons of Gad; Ziphion, and Haggi, Shuni, and Ezbon, Eri, and Arodi, and Areli.	
Genesis 46:2	And God spake unto Israel in the visions of the night, and said, Jacob, Jacob. And he said, Here am I.	
Genesis 47:11	And Joseph placed his father and his brethren, and gave them a possession in the land of Egypt, in the best of the land, in the land of Rameses, as Pharaoh had commanded.	
Genesis 47:15	And when money failed in the land of Egypt, and in the land of Canaan, all the Egyptians came unto Joseph, and said, Give us bread: for why should we die in thy presence? for the money faileth.	
Genesis 47:24	And it shall come to pass in the increase, that ye shall give the fifth part unto Pharaoh, and four parts shall be your own, for seed of the field, and for your food, and for them of your households, and for food for your little ones.	
Genesis 47:3	And Pharaoh said unto his brethren, What is your occupation? And they said unto Pharaoh, Thy servants are shepherds, both we, and also our fathers.	
Genesis 47:30	But I will lie with my fathers, and thou shalt carry me out of Egypt, and bury me in their buryingplace. And he said, I will do as thou hast said.	
Genesis 47:31	And he said, Swear unto me. And he sware unto him. And Israel bowed himself upon the bed's head.	
Genesis 48:1	And it came to pass after these things, that one told Joseph, Behold, thy father is sick: and he took with him his two sons, Manasseh and Ephraim.	
Genesis 48:12	And Joseph brought them out from between his knees, and he bowed himself with his face to the earth.	
Genesis 48:14	And Israel stretched out his right hand, and laid it upon Ephraim's head, who was the younger, and his left hand upon Manasseh's head, guiding his hands wittingly; for Manasseh was the firstborn.	
Genesis 48:18	And Joseph said unto his father, Not so, my father: for this is the firstborn; put thy right hand upon his head.	
Genesis 48:22	Moreover I have given to thee one portion above thy brethren, which I took out of the hand of the Amorite with my sword and with my bow.	
Genesis 48:7	And as for me, when I came from Padan, Rachel died by me in the land of Canaan in the way, when yet there was but a little way to come unto Ephrath: and I buried her there in the way of Ephrath; the same is Bethlehem.	
Genesis 49:10	The sceptre shall not depart from Judah, nor a lawgiver from between his feet, until Shiloh come; and unto him shall the gathering of the people be.	
Genesis 49:11	Binding his foal unto the vine, and his ass's colt unto the choice vine; he washed his garments in wine, and his clothes in the blood of grapes:	
Genesis 49:12	His eyes shall be red with wine, and his teeth white with milk.	
Genesis 49:14	Issachar is a strong ass couching down between two burdens:	
Genesis 49:18	I have waited for thy salvation, O LORD.	
Genesis 49:20	Out of Asher his bread shall be fat, and he shall yield royal dainties.	
Genesis 49:23	The archers have sorely grieved him, and shot at him, and hated him:	
Genesis 49:24	But his bow abode in strength, and the arms of his hands were made strong by the hands of the mighty God of Jacob; (from thence is the shepherd, the stone of Israel:)	
Genesis 49:28	All these are the twelve tribes of Israel: and this is it that their father spake unto them, and blessed them; every one according to his blessing he blessed them.	
Genesis 49:29	And he charged them, and said unto them, I am to be gathered unto my people: bury me with my fathers in the cave that is in the field of Ephron the Hittite,	
Genesis 49:31	There they buried Abraham and Sarah his wife; there they buried Isaac and Rebekah his wife; and there I buried Leah.	
Genesis 49:6	O my soul, come not thou into their secret; unto their assembly, mine honor, be not thou united: for in their anger they slew a man, and in their self-will they digged down a wall.	
Genesis 49:8	Judah, thou art he whom thy brethren shall praise: thy hand shall be in the neck of thine enemies; thy father's children shall bow down before thee.	
Genesis 4:13	And Cain said unto the LORD, My punishment is greater than I can bear.	
Genesis 4:15	And the LORD said unto him, Therefore whosoever slayeth Cain, vengeance shall be taken on him sevenfold. And the LORD set a mark upon Cain, lest any finding him should kill him.	
Genesis 4:16	And Cain went out from the presence of the LORD, and dwelt in the land of Nod, on the east of Eden.	
Genesis 4:19	And Lamech took unto him two wives: the name of the one was Adah, and the name of the other Zillah.	
Genesis 4:22	And Zillah, she also bare Tubalcain, an instructer of every artificer in brass and iron: and the sister of Tubalcain was Naamah.	
Genesis 4:24	If Cain shall be avenged sevenfold, truly Lamech seventy and sevenfold.	
Genesis 4:3	And in process of time it came to pass, that Cain brought of the fruit of the ground an offering unto the LORD.	
Genesis 4:7	If thou doest well, shalt thou not be accepted? and if thou doest not well, sin lieth at the door. And unto thee shall be his desire, and thou shalt rule over him.	
Genesis 50:11	And when the inhabitants of the land, the Canaanites, saw the mourning in the floor of Atad, they said, This is a grievous mourning to the Egyptians: wherefore the name of it was called Abelmizraim, which is beyond Jordan.	
Genesis 50:15	And when Joseph's brethren saw that their father was dead, they said, Joseph will peradventure hate us, and will certainly requite us all the evil which we did unto him.	
Genesis 50:19	And Joseph said unto them, Fear not: for am I in the place of God?	
Genesis 50:22	And Joseph dwelt in Egypt, he, and his father's house: and Joseph lived an hundred and ten years.	
Genesis 50:24	And Joseph said unto his brethren, I die: and God will surely visit you, and bring you out of this land unto the land which he sware to Abraham, to Isaac, and to Jacob.	
Genesis 50:26	So Joseph died, being an hundred and ten years old: and they embalmed him, and he was put in a coffin in Egypt.	
Genesis 50:4	And when the days of his mourning were past, Joseph spake unto the house of Pharaoh, saying, If now I have found grace in your eyes, speak, I pray you, in the ears of Pharaoh, saying,	
Genesis 50:7	And Joseph went up to bury his father: and with him went up all the servants of Pharaoh, the elders of his house, and all the elders of the land of Egypt,	
Genesis 50:8	And all the house of Joseph, and his brethren, and his father's house: only their little ones, and their flocks, and their herds, they left in the land of Goshen.	
Genesis 5:14	And all the days of Cainan were nine hundred and ten years: and he died.	
Genesis 5:15	And Mahalaleel lived sixty and five years, and begat Jared:	
Genesis 5:16	And Mahalaleel lived after he begat Jared eight hundred and thirty years, and begat sons and daughters:	
Genesis 5:22	And Enoch walked with God after he begat Methuselah three hundred years, and begat sons and daughters:	
Genesis 5:3	And Adam lived an hundred and thirty years, and begat a son in his own likeness, and after his image; and called his name Seth:	
Genesis 5:4	And the days of Adam after he had begotten Seth were eight hundred years: and he begat sons and daughters:	
Genesis 5:7	And Seth lived after he begat Enos eight hundred and seven years, and begat sons and daughters:	
Genesis 6:1	And it came to pass, when men began to multiply on the face of the earth, and daughters were born unto them,	
Genesis 6:10	And Noah begat three sons, Shem, Ham, and Japheth.	
Genesis 6:16	A window shalt thou make to the ark, and in a cubit shalt thou finish it above; and the door of the ark shalt thou set in the side thereof; with lower, second, and third stories shalt thou make it.	
Genesis 6:3	And the LORD said, My spirit shall not always strive with man, for that he also is flesh: yet his days shall be an hundred and twenty years.	
Genesis 6:4	There were giants in the earth in those days; and also after that, when the sons of God came in unto the daughters of men, and they bare children to them, the same became mighty men which were of old, men of renown.	
Genesis 6:8	But Noah found grace in the eyes of the LORD.	
Genesis 7:1	And the LORD said unto Noah, Come thou and all thy house into the ark; for thee have I seen righteous before me in this generation.	
Genesis 7:14	They, and every beast after his kind, and all the cattle after their kind, and every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth after his kind, and every fowl after his kind, every bird of every sort.	
Genesis 7:3	Of fowls also of the air by sevens, the male and the female; to keep seed alive upon the face of all the earth.	
Genesis 7:4	For yet seven days, and I will cause it to rain upon the earth forty days and forty nights; and every living substance that I have made will I destroy from off the face of the earth.	
Genesis 7:6	And Noah was six hundred years old when the flood of waters was upon the earth.	
Genesis 7:7	And Noah went in, and his sons, and his wife, and his sons' wives with him, into the ark, because of the waters of the flood.	
Genesis 7:9	There went in two and two unto Noah into the ark, the male and the female, as God had commanded Noah.	
Genesis 8:12	And he stayed yet other seven days; and sent forth the dove; which returned not again unto him any more.	
Genesis 8:14	And in the second month, on the seven and twentieth day of the month, was the earth dried.	
Genesis 8:15	And God spake unto Noah, saying,	
Genesis 8:20	And Noah builded an altar unto the LORD; and took of every clean beast, and of every clean fowl, and offered burnt offerings on the altar.	
Genesis 8:6	And it came to pass at the end of forty days, that Noah opened the window of the ark which he had made:	
Genesis 9:12	And God said, This is the token of the covenant which I make between me and you and every living creature that is with you, for perpetual generations:	
Genesis 9:15	And I will remember my covenant, which is between me and you and every living creature of all flesh; and the waters shall no more become a flood to destroy all flesh.	
Genesis 9:16	And the bow shall be in the cloud; and I will look upon it, that I may remember the everlasting covenant between God and every living creature of all flesh that is upon the earth.	
Genesis 9:27	God shall enlarge Japheth, and he shall dwell in the tents of Shem; and Canaan shall be his servant.	
Genesis 9:4	But flesh with the life thereof, which is the blood thereof, shall ye not eat.	
Habakkuk 1:10	And they shall scoff at the kings, and the princes shall be a scorn unto them: they shall deride every strong hold; for they shall heap dust, and take it.	
Habakkuk 1:13	Thou art of purer eyes than to behold evil, and canst not look on iniquity: wherefore lookest thou upon them that deal treacherously, and holdest thy tongue when the wicked devoureth the man that is more righteous than he?	
Habakkuk 1:16	Therefore they sacrifice unto their net, and burn incense unto their drag; because by them their portion is fat, and their meat plenteous.	
Habakkuk 1:17	Shall they therefore empty their net, and not spare continually to slay the nations?	
Habakkuk 1:6	For, lo, I raise up the Chaldeans, that bitter and hasty nation, which shall march through the breadth of the land, to possess the dwellingplaces that are not their's.	
Habakkuk 1:8	Their horses also are swifter than the leopards, and are more fierce than the evening wolves: and their horsemen shall spread themselves, and their horsemen shall come from far; they shall fly as the eagle that hasteth to eat.	
Habakkuk 2:18	What profiteth the graven image that the maker thereof hath graven it; the molten image, and a teacher of lies, that the maker of his work trusteth therein, to make dumb idols?	
Habakkuk 2:19	Woe unto him that saith to the wood, Awake; to the dumb stone, Arise, it shall teach! Behold, it is laid over with gold and silver, and there is no breath at all in the midst of it.	
Habakkuk 2:2	And the LORD answered me, and said, Write the vision, and make it plain upon tables, that he may run that readeth it.	
Habakkuk 2:3	For the vision is yet for an appointed time, but at the end it shall speak, and not lie: though it tarry, wait for it; because it will surely come, it will not tarry.	
Habakkuk 2:7	Shall they not rise up suddenly that shall bite thee, and awake that shall vex thee, and thou shalt be for booties unto them?	
Habakkuk 3:10	The mountains saw thee, and they trembled: the overflowing of the water passed by: the deep uttered his voice, and lifted up his hands on high.	
Habakkuk 3:3	God came from Teman, and the Holy One from mount Paran. Selah. His glory covered the heavens, and the earth was full of his praise.	
Haggai 1:14	And the LORD stirred up the spirit of Zerubbabel the son of Shealtiel, governor of Judah, and the spirit of Joshua the son of Josedech, the high priest, and the spirit of all the remnant of the people; and they came and did work in the house of the LORD of hosts, their God,	
Haggai 1:6	Ye have sown much, and bring in little; ye eat, but ye have not enough; ye drink, but ye are not filled with drink; ye clothe you, but there is none warm; and he that earneth wages earneth wages to put it into a bag with holes.	
Haggai 1:8	Go up to the mountain, and bring wood, and build the house; and I will take pleasure in it, and I will be glorified, saith the LORD.	
Haggai 2:21	Speak to Zerubbabel, governor of Judah, saying, I will shake the heavens and the earth;	
Haggai 2:23	In that day, saith the LORD of hosts, will I take thee, O Zerubbabel, my servant, the son of Shealtiel, saith the LORD, and will make thee as a signet: for I have chosen thee, saith the LORD of hosts.	
Haggai 2:4	Yet now be strong, O Zerubbabel, saith the LORD; and be strong, O Joshua, son of Josedech, the high priest; and be strong, all ye people of the land, saith the LORD, and work: for I am with you, saith the LORD of hosts:	
Haggai 2:5	According to the word that I covenanted with you when ye came out of Egypt, so my spirit remaineth among you: fear ye not.	
Haggai 2:7	And I will shake all nations, and the desire of all nations shall come: and I will fill this house with glory, saith the LORD of hosts.	
Haggai 2:8	The silver is mine, and the gold is mine, saith the LORD of hosts.	
Hebrews 10:14	For by one offering he hath perfected for ever them that are sanctified.	
Hebrews 10:16	This is the covenant that I will make with them after those days, saith the Lord, I will put my laws into their hearts, and in their minds will I write them;	
Hebrews 10:17	And their sins and iniquities will I remember no more.	
Hebrews 10:2	For then would they not have ceased to be offered? because that the worshippers once purged should have had no more conscience of sins.	
Hebrews 10:25	Not forsaking the assembling of ourselves together, as the manner of some is; but exhorting one another: and so much the more, as ye see the day approaching.	
Hebrews 10:28	He that despised Moses' law died without mercy under two or three witnesses:	
Hebrews 10:29	Of how much sorer punishment, suppose ye, shall he be thought worthy, who hath trodden under foot the Son of God, and hath counted the blood of the covenant, wherewith he was sanctified, an unholy thing, and hath done despite unto the Spirit of grace?	
Hebrews 10:3	But in those sacrifices there is a remembrance again made of sins every year.	
Hebrews 10:31	It is a fearful thing to fall into the hands of the living God.	
Hebrews 10:36	For ye have need of patience, that, after ye have done the will of God, ye might receive the promise.	
Hebrews 10:7	Then said I, Lo, I come (in the volume of the book it is written of me,) to do thy will, O God.	
Hebrews 10:8	Above when he said, Sacrifice and offering and burnt offerings and offering for sin thou wouldest not, neither hadst pleasure therein; which are offered by the law;	
Hebrews 11:10	For he looked for a city which hath foundations, whose builder and maker is God.	
Hebrews 11:11	Through faith also Sara herself received strength to conceive seed, and was delivered of a child when she was past age, because she judged him faithful who had promised.	
Hebrews 11:16	But now they desire a better country, that is, an heavenly: wherefore God is not ashamed to be called their God: for he hath prepared for them a city.	
Hebrews 11:25	Choosing rather to suffer affliction with the people of God, than to enjoy the pleasures of sin for a season;	
Hebrews 11:29	By faith they passed through the Red sea as by dry land: which the Egyptians assaying to do were drowned.	
Hebrews 11:3	Through faith we understand that the worlds were framed by the word of God, so that things which are seen were not made of things which do appear.	
Hebrews 11:31	By faith the harlot Rahab perished not with them that believed not, when she had received the spies with peace.	
Hebrews 11:34	Quenched the violence of fire, escaped the edge of the sword, out of weakness were made strong, waxed valiant in fight, turned to flight the armies of the aliens.	
Hebrews 11:38	(Of whom the world was not worthy:) they wandered in deserts, and in mountains, and in dens and caves of the earth.	
Hebrews 11:8	By faith Abraham, when he was called to go out into a place which he should after receive for an inheritance, obeyed; and he went out, not knowing whither he went.	
Hebrews 11:9	By faith he sojourned in the land of promise, as in a strange country, dwelling in tabernacles with Isaac and Jacob, the heirs with him of the same promise:	
Hebrews 12:27	And this word, Yet once more, signifieth the removing of those things that are shaken, as of things that are made, that those things which cannot be shaken may remain.	
Hebrews 12:3	For consider him that endured such contradiction of sinners against himself, lest ye be wearied and faint in your minds.	
Hebrews 12:4	Ye have not yet resisted unto blood, striving against sin.	
Hebrews 12:8	But if ye be without chastisement, whereof all are partakers, then are ye bastards, and not sons.	
Hebrews 13:11	For the bodies of those beasts, whose blood is brought into the sanctuary by the high priest for sin, are burned without the camp.	
Hebrews 13:15	By him therefore let us offer the sacrifice of praise to God continually, that is, the fruit of our lips giving thanks to his name.	
Hebrews 13:19	But I beseech you the rather to do this, that I may be restored to you the sooner.	
Hebrews 13:20	Now the God of peace, that brought again from the dead our Lord Jesus, that great shepherd of the sheep, through the blood of the everlasting covenant,	
Hebrews 13:24	Salute all them that have the rule over you, and all the saints. They of Italy salute you.	
Hebrews 13:3	Remember them that are in bonds, as bound with them; and them which suffer adversity, as being yourselves also in the body.	
Hebrews 13:4	Marriage is honourable in all, and the bed undefiled: but whoremongers and adulterers God will judge.	
Hebrews 13:5	Let your conversation be without covetousness; and be content with such things as ye have: for he hath said, I will never leave thee, nor forsake thee.	
Hebrews 13:7	Remember them which have the rule over you, who have spoken unto you the word of God: whose faith follow, considering the end of their conversation.	
Hebrews 1:1	God, who at sundry times and in divers manners spake in time past unto the fathers by the prophets,	
Hebrews 1:10	And, Thou, Lord, in the beginning hast laid the foundation of the earth; and the heavens are the works of thine hands:	
Hebrews 1:5	For unto which of the angels said he at any time, Thou art my Son, this day have I begotten thee? And again, I will be to him a Father, and he shall be to me a Son?	
Hebrews 1:6	And again, when he bringeth in the firstbegotten into the world, he saith, And let all the angels of God worship him.	
Hebrews 1:8	But unto the Son he saith, Thy throne, O God, is for ever and ever: a sceptre of righteousness is the sceptre of thy kingdom.	
Hebrews 1:9	Thou hast loved righteousness, and hated iniquity; therefore God, even thy God, hath anointed thee with the oil of gladness above thy fellows.	
Hebrews 2:11	For both he that sanctifieth and they who are sanctified are all of one: for which cause he is not ashamed to call them brethren,	
Hebrews 2:13	And again, I will put my trust in him. And again, Behold I and the children which God hath given me.	
Hebrews 2:15	And deliver them who through fear of death were all their lifetime subject to bondage.	
Hebrews 2:16	For verily he took not on him the nature of angels; but he took on him the seed of Abraham.	
Hebrews 2:18	For in that he himself hath suffered being tempted, he is able to succour them that are tempted.	
Hebrews 2:5	For unto the angels hath he not put in subjection the world to come, whereof we speak.	
Hebrews 2:7	Thou madest him a little lower than the angels; thou crownedst him with glory and honour, and didst set him over the works of thy hands:	
Hebrews 2:9	But we see Jesus, who was made a little lower than the angels for the suffering of death, crowned with glory and honour; that he by the grace of God should taste death for every man.	
Hebrews 3:12	Take heed, brethren, lest there be in any of you an evil heart of unbelief, in departing from the living God.	
Hebrews 4:10	For he that is entered into his rest, he also hath ceased from his own works, as God did from his.	
Hebrews 4:12	For the word of God is quick, and powerful, and sharper than any twoedged sword, piercing even to the dividing asunder of soul and spirit, and of the joints and marrow, and is a discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart.	
Hebrews 4:15	For we have not an high priest which cannot be touched with the feeling of our infirmities; but was in all points tempted like as we are, yet without sin.	
Hebrews 4:8	For if Jesus had given them rest, then would he not afterward have spoken of another day.	
Hebrews 5:10	Called of God an high priest after the order of Melchisedec.	
Hebrews 5:12	For when for the time ye ought to be teachers, ye have need that one teach you again which be the first principles of the oracles of God; and are become such as have need of milk, and not of strong meat.	
Hebrews 6:13	For when God made promise to Abraham, because he could swear by no greater, he sware by himself,	
Hebrews 6:17	Wherein God, willing more abundantly to shew unto the heirs of promise the immutability of his counsel, confirmed it by an oath:	
Hebrews 6:2	Of the doctrine of baptisms, and of laying on of hands, and of resurrection of the dead, and of eternal judgment.	
Hebrews 6:8	But that which beareth thorns and briers is rejected, and is nigh unto cursing; whose end is to be burned.	
Hebrews 7:13	For he of whom these things are spoken pertaineth to another tribe, of which no man gave attendance at the altar.	
Hebrews 7:17	For he testifieth, Thou art a priest for ever after the order of Melchisedec.	
Hebrews 7:18	For there is verily a disannulling of the commandment going before for the weakness and unprofitableness thereof.	
Hebrews 7:19	For the law made nothing perfect, but the bringing in of a better hope did; by the which we draw nigh unto God.	
Hebrews 7:24	But this man, because he continueth ever, hath an unchangeable priesthood.	
Hebrews 8:10	For this is the covenant that I will make with the house of Israel after those days, saith the Lord; I will put my laws into their mind, and write them in their hearts: and I will be to them a God, and they shall be to me a people:	
Hebrews 8:3	For every high priest is ordained to offer gifts and sacrifices: wherefore it is of necessity that this man have somewhat also to offer.	
Hebrews 8:5	Who serve unto the example and shadow of heavenly things, as Moses was admonished of God when he was about to make the tabernacle: for, See, saith he, that thou make all things according to the pattern shewed to thee in the mount.	
Hebrews 8:6	But now hath he obtained a more excellent ministry, by how much also he is the mediator of a better covenant, which was established upon better promises.	
Hebrews 8:7	For if that first covenant had been faultless, then should no place have been sought for the second.	
Hebrews 9:16	For where a testament is, there must also of necessity be the death of the testator.	
Hebrews 9:17	For a testament is of force after men are dead: otherwise it is of no strength at all while the testator liveth.	
Hebrews 9:18	Whereupon neither the first testament was dedicated without blood.	
Hebrews 9:2	For there was a tabernacle made; the first, wherein was the candlestick, and the table, and the shewbread; which is called the sanctuary.	
Hebrews 9:26	For then must he often have suffered since the foundation of the world: but now once in the end of the world hath he appeared to put away sin by the sacrifice of himself.	
Hebrews 9:3	And after the second veil, the tabernacle which is called the Holiest of all;	
Hebrews 9:7	But into the second went the high priest alone once every year, not without blood, which he offered for himself, and for the errors of the people:	
Hosea 10:13	Ye have plowed wickedness, ye have reaped iniquity; ye have eaten the fruit of lies: because thou didst trust in thy way, in the multitude of thy mighty men.	
Hosea 10:15	So shall Bethel do unto you because of your great wickedness: in a morning shall the king of Israel utterly be cut off.	
Hosea 10:3	For now they shall say, We have no king, because we feared not the LORD; what then should a king do to us?	
Hosea 11:3	I taught Ephraim also to go, taking them by their arms; but they knew not that I healed them.	
Hosea 11:7	And my people are bent to backsliding from me: though they called them to the most High, none at all would exalt him.	
Hosea 11:8	How shall I give thee up, Ephraim? how shall I deliver thee, Israel? how shall I make thee as Admah? how shall I set thee as Zeboim? mine heart is turned within me, my repentings are kindled together.	
Hosea 12:11	Is there iniquity in Gilead? surely they are vanity: they sacrifice bullocks in Gilgal; yea, their altars are as heaps in the furrows of the fields.	
Hosea 12:6	Therefore turn thou to thy God: keep mercy and judgment and wait on thy God continually.	
Hosea 13:1	When Ephraim spake trembling, he exalted himself in Israel; but when he offended in Baal, he died.	
Hosea 13:12	The iniquity of Ephraim is bound up; his sin is hid.	
Hosea 13:14	I will ransom them from the power of the grave; I will redeem them from death: O death, I will be thy plagues; O grave, I will be thy destruction: repentance shall be hid from mine eyes.	
Hosea 13:15	Though he be fruitful among his brethren, an east wind shall come, the wind of the LORD shall come up from the wilderness, and his spring shall become dry, and his fountain shall be dried up: he shall spoil the treasure of all pleasant vessels.	
Hosea 13:5	I did know thee in the wilderness, in the land of great drought.	
Hosea 13:7	Therefore I will be unto them as a lion: as a leopard by the way will I observe them:	
Hosea 13:9	O Israel, thou hast destroyed thyself; but in me is thine help.	
Hosea 1:1	The word of the LORD that came unto Hosea, the son of Beeri, in the days of Uzziah, Jotham, Ahaz, and Hezekiah, kings of Judah, and in the days of Jeroboam the son of Joash, king of Israel.	
Hosea 1:5	And it shall come to pass at that day, that I will break the bow of Israel, in the valley of Jezreel.	
Hosea 1:6	And she conceived again, and bare a daughter. And God said unto him, Call her name Loruhamah: for I will no more have mercy upon the house of Israel; but I will utterly take them away.	
Hosea 1:7	But I will have mercy upon the house of Judah, and will save them by the LORD their God, and will not save them by bow, nor by sword, nor by battle, by horses, nor by horsemen.	
Hosea 2:1	Say ye unto your brethren, Ammi; and to your sisters, Ruhamah.	
Hosea 2:11	I will also cause all her mirth to cease, her feast days, her new moons, and her sabbaths, and all her solemn feasts.	
Hosea 2:12	And I will destroy her vines and her fig trees, whereof she hath said, These are my rewards that my lovers have given me: and I will make them a forest, and the beasts of the field shall eat them.	
Hosea 2:15	And I will give her her vineyards from thence, and the valley of Achor for a door of hope: and she shall sing there, as in the days of her youth, and as in the day when she came up out of the land of Egypt.	
Hosea 2:16	And it shall be at that day, saith the LORD, that thou shalt call me Ishi; and shalt call me no more Baali.	
Hosea 2:17	For I will take away the names of Baalim out of her mouth, and they shall no more be remembered by their name.	
Hosea 2:19	And I will betroth thee unto me for ever; yea, I will betroth thee unto me in righteousness, and in judgment, and in lovingkindness, and in mercies.	
Hosea 2:2	Plead with your mother, plead: for she is not my wife, neither am I her husband: let her therefore put away her whoredoms out of her sight, and her adulteries from between her breasts;	
Hosea 2:21	And it shall come to pass in that day, I will hear, saith the LORD, I will hear the heavens, and they shall hear the earth;	
Hosea 2:9	Therefore will I return, and take away my corn in the time thereof, and my wine in the season thereof, and will recover my wool and my flax given to cover her nakedness.	
Hosea 3:1	Then said the LORD unto me, Go yet, love a woman beloved of her friend, yet an adulteress, according to the love of the LORD toward the children of Israel, who look to other gods, and love flagons of wine.	
Hosea 3:2	So I bought her to me for fifteen pieces of silver, and for an homer of barley, and an half homer of barley:	
Hosea 3:4	For the children of Israel shall abide many days without a king, and without a prince, and without a sacrifice, and without an image, and without an ephod, and without teraphim:	
Hosea 3:5	Afterward shall the children of Israel return, and seek the LORD their God, and David their king; and shall fear the LORD and his goodness in the latter days.	
Hosea 4:16	For Israel slideth back as a backsliding heifer: now the LORD will feed them as a lamb in a large place.	
Hosea 4:19	The wind hath bound her up in her wings, and they shall be ashamed because of their sacrifices.	
Hosea 4:6	My people are destroyed for lack of knowledge: because thou hast rejected knowledge, I will also reject thee, that thou shalt be no priest to me: seeing thou hast forgotten the law of thy God, I will also forget thy children.	
Hosea 5:12	Therefore will I be unto Ephraim as a moth, and to the house of Judah as rottenness.	
Hosea 5:4	They will not frame their doings to turn unto their God: for the spirit of whoredoms is in the midst of them, and they have not known the LORD.	
Hosea 6:10	I have seen an horrible thing in the house of Israel: there is the whoredom of Ephraim, Israel is defiled.	
Hosea 7:15	Though I have bound and strengthened their arms, yet do they imagine mischief against me.	
Hosea 7:4	They are all adulterers, as an oven heated by the baker, who ceaseth from raising after he hath kneaded the dough, until it be leavened.	
Hosea 7:6	For they have made ready their heart like an oven, whiles they lie in wait: their baker sleepeth all the night; in the morning it burneth as a flaming fire.	
Hosea 8:1	Set the trumpet to thy mouth. He shall come as an eagle against the house of the LORD, because they have transgressed my covenant, and trespassed against my law.	
Hosea 8:10	Yea, though they have hired among the nations, now will I gather them, and they shall sorrow a little for the burden of the king of princes.	
Hosea 8:11	Because Ephraim hath made many altars to sin, altars shall be unto him to sin.	
Hosea 8:13	They sacrifice flesh for the sacrifices of mine offerings, and eat it; but the LORD accepteth them not; now will he remember their iniquity, and visit their sins: they shall return to Egypt.	
Hosea 8:3	Israel hath cast off the thing that is good: the enemy shall pursue him.	
Hosea 8:5	Thy calf, O Samaria, hath cast thee off; mine anger is kindled against them: how long will it be ere they attain to innocency?	
Hosea 8:6	For from Israel was it also: the workman made it; therefore it is not God: but the calf of Samaria shall be broken in pieces.	
Hosea 9:11	As for Ephraim, their glory shall fly away like a bird, from the birth, and from the womb, and from the conception.	
Hosea 9:17	My God will cast them away, because they did not hearken unto him: and they shall be wanderers among the nations.	
Hosea 9:2	The floor and the winepress shall not feed them, and the new wine shall fail in her.	
Hosea 9:4	They shall not offer wine offerings to the LORD, neither shall they be pleasing unto him: their sacrifices shall be unto them as the bread of mourners; all that eat thereof shall be polluted: for their bread for their soul shall not come into the house of the LORD.	
Hosea 9:9	They have deeply corrupted themselves, as in the days of Gibeah: therefore he will remember their iniquity, he will visit their sins.	
Isaiah 10:11	Shall I not, as I have done unto Samaria and her idols, so do to Jerusalem and her idols?	
Isaiah 10:12	Wherefore it shall come to pass, that when the Lord hath performed his whole work upon mount Zion and on Jerusalem, I will punish the fruit of the stout heart of the king of Assyria, and the glory of his high looks.	
Isaiah 10:14	And my hand hath found as a nest the riches of the people: and as one gathereth eggs that are left, have I gathered all the earth; and there was none that moved the wing, or opened the mouth, or peeped.	
Isaiah 10:2	To turn aside the needy from judgment, and to take away the right from the poor of my people, that widows may be their prey, and that they may rob the fatherless!	
Isaiah 10:20	And it shall come to pass in that day, that the remnant of Israel, and such as are escaped of the house of Jacob, shall no more again stay upon him that smote them; but shall stay upon the LORD, the Holy One of Israel, in truth.	
Isaiah 10:29	They are gone over the passage: they have taken up their lodging at Geba; Ramah is afraid; Gibeah of Saul is fled.	
Isaiah 10:33	Behold, the Lord, the LORD of hosts, shall lop the bough with terror: and the high ones of stature shall be hewn down, and the haughty shall be humbled.	
Isaiah 10:5	O Assyrian, the rod of mine anger, and the staff in their hand is mine indignation.	
Isaiah 10:6	I will send him against an hypocritical nation, and against the people of my wrath will I give him a charge, to take the spoil, and to take the prey, and to tread them down like the mire of the streets.	
Isaiah 10:7	Howbeit he meaneth not so, neither doth his heart think so; but it is in his heart to destroy and cut off nations not a few.	
Isaiah 10:8	For he saith, Are not my princes altogether kings?	
Isaiah 11:14	But they shall fly upon the shoulders of the Philistines toward the west; they shall spoil them of the east together: they shall lay their hand upon Edom and Moab; and the children of Ammon shall obey them.	
Isaiah 11:5	And righteousness shall be the girdle of his loins, and faithfulness the girdle of his reins.	
Isaiah 13:10	For the stars of heaven and the constellations thereof shall not give their light: the sun shall be darkened in his going forth, and the moon shall not cause her light to shine.	
Isaiah 13:12	I will make a man more precious than fine gold; even a man than the golden wedge of Ophir.	
Isaiah 13:14	And it shall be as the chased roe, and as a sheep that no man taketh up: they shall every man turn to his own people, and flee every one into his own land.	
Isaiah 13:19	And Babylon, the glory of kingdoms, the beauty of the Chaldees' excellency, shall be as when God overthrew Sodom and Gomorrah.	
Isaiah 13:21	But wild beasts of the desert shall lie there; and their houses shall be full of doleful creatures; and owls shall dwell there, and satyrs shall dance there.	
Isaiah 13:4	The noise of a multitude in the mountains, like as of a great people; a tumultuous noise of the kingdoms of nations gathered together: the LORD of hosts mustereth the host of the battle.	
Isaiah 13:7	Therefore shall all hands be faint, and every man's heart shall melt:	
Isaiah 13:9	Behold, the day of the LORD cometh, cruel both with wrath and fierce anger, to lay the land desolate: and he shall destroy the sinners thereof out of it.	
Isaiah 14:16	They that see thee shall narrowly look upon thee, and consider thee, saying, Is this the man that made the earth to tremble, that did shake kingdoms;	
Isaiah 14:24	The LORD of hosts hath sworn, saying, Surely as I have thought, so shall it come to pass; and as I have purposed, so shall it stand:	
Isaiah 14:32	What shall one then answer the messengers of the nation? That the LORD hath founded Zion, and the poor of his people shall trust in it.	
Isaiah 15:4	And Heshbon shall cry, and Elealeh: their voice shall be heard even unto Jahaz: therefore the armed soldiers of Moab shall cry out; his life shall be grievous unto him.	
Isaiah 15:7	Therefore the abundance they have gotten, and that which they have laid up, shall they carry away to the brook of the willows.	
Isaiah 15:9	For the waters of Dimon shall be full of blood: for I will bring more upon Dimon, lions upon him that escapeth of Moab, and upon the remnant of the land.	
Isaiah 16:11	Wherefore my bowels shall sound like an harp for Moab, and mine inward parts for Kirharesh.	
Isaiah 16:13	This is the word that the LORD hath spoken concerning Moab since that time.	
Isaiah 16:2	For it shall be, that, as a wandering bird cast out of the nest, so the daughters of Moab shall be at the fords of Arnon.	
Isaiah 16:8	For the fields of Heshbon languish, and the vine of Sibmah: the lords of the heathen have broken down the principal plants thereof, they are come even unto Jazer, they wandered through the wilderness: her branches are stretched out, they are gone over the sea.	
Isaiah 17:4	And in that day it shall come to pass, that the glory of Jacob shall be made thin, and the fatness of his flesh shall wax lean.	
Isaiah 18:5	For afore the harvest, when the bud is perfect, and the sour grape is ripening in the flower, he shall both cut off the sprigs with pruning hooks, and take away and cut down the branches.	
Isaiah 19:1	The burden of Egypt. Behold, the LORD rideth upon a swift cloud, and shall come into Egypt: and the idols of Egypt shall be moved at his presence, and the heart of Egypt shall melt in the midst of it.	
Isaiah 19:11	Surely the princes of Zoan are fools, the counsel of the wise counsellors of Pharaoh is become brutish: how say ye unto Pharaoh, I am the son of the wise, the son of ancient kings?	
Isaiah 19:14	The LORD hath mingled a perverse spirit in the midst thereof: and they have caused Egypt to err in every work thereof, as a drunken man staggereth in his vomit.	
Isaiah 19:15	Neither shall there be any work for Egypt, which the head or tail, branch or rush, may do.	
Isaiah 19:16	In that day shall Egypt be like unto women: and it shall be afraid and fear because of the shaking of the hand of the LORD of hosts, which he shaketh over it.	
Isaiah 19:19	In that day shall there be an altar to the LORD in the midst of the land of Egypt, and a pillar at the border thereof to the LORD.	
Isaiah 19:21	And the LORD shall be known to Egypt, and the Egyptians shall know the LORD in that day, and shall do sacrifice and oblation; yea, they shall vow a vow unto the LORD, and perform it.	
Isaiah 19:24	In that day shall Israel be the third with Egypt and with Assyria, even a blessing in the midst of the land:	
Isaiah 19:25	Whom the LORD of hosts shall bless, saying, Blessed be Egypt my people, and Assyria the work of my hands, and Israel mine inheritance.	
Isaiah 19:4	And the Egyptians will I give over into the hand of a cruel lord; and a fierce king shall rule over them, saith the Lord, the LORD of hosts.	
Isaiah 19:6	And they shall turn the rivers far away; and the brooks of defence shall be emptied and dried up: the reeds and flags shall wither.	
Isaiah 19:9	Moreover they that work in fine flax, and they that weave networks, shall be confounded.	
Isaiah 1:1	The vision of Isaiah the son of Amoz, which he saw concerning Judah and Jerusalem in the days of Uzziah, Jotham, Ahaz, and Hezekiah, kings of Judah.	
Isaiah 1:10	Hear the word of the LORD, ye rulers of Sodom; give ear unto the law of our God, ye people of Gomorrah.	
Isaiah 1:13	Bring no more vain oblations; incense is an abomination unto me; the new moons and sabbaths, the calling of assemblies, I cannot away with; it is iniquity, even the solemn meeting.	
Isaiah 1:14	Your new moons and your appointed feasts my soul hateth: they are a trouble unto me; I am weary to bear them.	
Isaiah 1:19	If ye be willing and obedient, ye shall eat the good of the land:	
Isaiah 1:26	And I will restore thy judges as at the first, and thy counsellors as at the beginning: afterward thou shalt be called, The city of righteousness, the faithful city.	
Isaiah 1:27	Zion shall be redeemed with judgment, and her converts with righteousness.	
Isaiah 1:31	And the strong shall be as tow, and the maker of it as a spark, and they shall both burn together, and none shall quench them.	
Isaiah 21:11	The burden of Dumah. He calleth to me out of Seir, Watchman, what of the night? Watchman, what of the night?	
Isaiah 21:6	For thus hath the LORD said unto me, Go, set a watchman, let him declare what he seeth.	
Isaiah 21:9	And, behold, here cometh a chariot of men, with a couple of horsemen. And he answered and said, Babylon is fallen, is fallen; and all the graven images of her gods he hath broken unto the ground.	
Isaiah 22:1	The burden of the valley of vision. What aileth thee now, that thou art wholly gone up to the housetops?	
Isaiah 22:11	Ye made also a ditch between the two walls for the water of the old pool: but ye have not looked unto the maker thereof, neither had respect unto him that fashioned it long ago.	
Isaiah 22:13	And behold joy and gladness, slaying oxen, and killing sheep, eating flesh, and drinking wine: let us eat and drink; for to morrow we shall die.	
Isaiah 22:18	He will surely violently turn and toss thee like a ball into a large country: there shalt thou die, and there the chariots of thy glory shall be the shame of thy lord's house.	
Isaiah 22:20	And it shall come to pass in that day, that I will call my servant Eliakim the son of Hilkiah:	
Isaiah 22:24	And they shall hang upon him all the glory of his father's house, the offspring and the issue, all vessels of small quantity, from the vessels of cups, even to all the vessels of flagons.	
Isaiah 22:6	And Elam bare the quiver with chariots of men and horsemen, and Kir uncovered the shield.	
Isaiah 22:7	And it shall come to pass, that thy choicest valleys shall be full of chariots, and the horsemen shall set themselves in array at the gate.	
Isaiah 23:12	And he said, Thou shalt no more rejoice, O thou oppressed virgin, daughter of Zidon: arise, pass over to Chittim; there also shalt thou have no rest.	
Isaiah 23:13	Behold the land of the Chaldeans; this people was not, till the Assyrian founded it for them that dwell in the wilderness: they set up the towers thereof, they raised up the palaces thereof; and he brought it to ruin.	
Isaiah 23:15	And it shall come to pass in that day, that Tyre shall be forgotten seventy years, according to the days of one king: after the end of seventy years shall Tyre sing as an harlot.	
Isaiah 23:16	Take an harp, go about the city, thou harlot that hast been forgotten; make sweet melody, sing many songs, that thou mayest be remembered.	
Isaiah 23:18	And her merchandise and her hire shall be holiness to the LORD: it shall not be treasured nor laid up; for her merchandise shall be for them that dwell before the LORD, to eat sufficiently, and for durable clothing.	
Isaiah 24:1	Behold, the LORD maketh the earth empty, and maketh it waste, and turneth it upside down, and scattereth abroad the inhabitants thereof.	
Isaiah 24:15	Wherefore glorify ye the LORD in the fires, even the name of the LORD God of Israel in the isles of the sea.	
Isaiah 24:3	The land shall be utterly emptied, and utterly spoiled: for the LORD hath spoken this word.	
Isaiah 24:5	The earth also is defiled under the inhabitants thereof; because they have transgressed the laws, changed the ordinance, broken the everlasting covenant.	
Isaiah 24:8	The mirth of tabrets ceaseth, the noise of them that rejoice endeth, the joy of the harp ceaseth.	
Isaiah 24:9	They shall not drink wine with a song; strong drink shall be bitter to them that drink it.	
Isaiah 25:11	And he shall spread forth his hands in the midst of them, as he that swimmeth spreadeth forth his hands to swim: and he shall bring down their pride together with the spoils of their hands.	
Isaiah 25:12	And the fortress of the high fort of thy walls shall he bring down, lay low, and bring to the ground, even to the dust.	
Isaiah 25:4	For thou hast been a strength to the poor, a strength to the needy in his distress, a refuge from the storm, a shadow from the heat, when the blast of the terrible ones is as a storm against the wall.	
Isaiah 25:5	Thou shalt bring down the noise of strangers, as the heat in a dry place; even the heat with the shadow of a cloud: the branch of the terrible ones shall be brought low.	
Isaiah 25:6	And in this mountain shall the LORD of hosts make unto all people a feast of fat things, a feast of wines on the lees, of fat things full of marrow, of wines on the lees well refined.	
Isaiah 25:9	And it shall be said in that day, Lo, this is our God; we have waited for him, and he will save us: this is the LORD; we have waited for him, we will be glad and rejoice in his salvation.	
Isaiah 26:13	O LORD our God, other lords beside thee have had dominion over us: but by thee only will we make mention of thy name.	
Isaiah 26:14	They are dead, they shall not live; they are deceased, they shall not rise: therefore hast thou visited and destroyed them, and made all their memory to perish.	
Isaiah 26:2	Open ye the gates, that the righteous nation which keepeth the truth may enter in.	
Isaiah 26:5	For he bringeth down them that dwell on high; the lofty city, he layeth it low; he layeth it low, even to the ground; he bringeth it even to the dust.	
Isaiah 26:6	The foot shall tread it down, even the feet of the poor, and the steps of the needy.	
Isaiah 26:7	The way of the just is uprightness: thou, most upright, dost weigh the path of the just.	
Isaiah 26:9	With my soul have I desired thee in the night; yea, with my spirit within me will I seek thee early: for when thy judgments are in the earth, the inhabitants of the world will learn righteousness.	
Isaiah 27:2	In that day sing ye unto her, A vineyard of red wine.	
Isaiah 27:8	In measure, when it shooteth forth, thou wilt debate with it: he stayeth his rough wind in the day of the east wind.	
Isaiah 28:10	For precept must be upon precept, precept upon precept; line upon line, line upon line; here a little, and there a little:	
Isaiah 28:11	For with stammering lips and another tongue will he speak to this people.	
Isaiah 28:12	To whom he said, This is the rest wherewith ye may cause the weary to rest; and this is the refreshing: yet they would not hear.	
Isaiah 28:18	And your covenant with death shall be disannulled, and your agreement with hell shall not stand; when the overflowing scourge shall pass through, then ye shall be trodden down by it.	
Isaiah 28:27	For the fitches are not threshed with a threshing instrument, neither is a cart wheel turned about upon the cummin; but the fitches are beaten out with a staff, and the cummin with a rod.	
Isaiah 28:29	This also cometh forth from the LORD of hosts, which is wonderful in counsel, and excellent in working.	
Isaiah 28:3	The crown of pride, the drunkards of Ephraim, shall be trodden under feet:	
Isaiah 29:1	Woe to Ariel, to Ariel, the city where David dwelt! add ye year to year; let them kill sacrifices.	
Isaiah 29:10	For the LORD hath poured out upon you the spirit of deep sleep, and hath closed your eyes: the prophets and your rulers, the seers hath he covered.	
Isaiah 29:12	And the book is delivered to him that is not learned, saying, Read this, I pray thee: and he saith, I am not learned.	
Isaiah 29:13	Wherefore the Lord said, Forasmuch as this people draw near me with their mouth, and with their lips do honour me, but have removed their heart far from me, and their fear toward me is taught by the precept of men:	
Isaiah 29:2	Yet I will distress Ariel, and there shall be heaviness and sorrow: and it shall be unto me as Ariel.	
Isaiah 29:20	For the terrible one is brought to nought, and the scorner is consumed, and all that watch for iniquity are cut off:	
Isaiah 29:24	They also that erred in spirit shall come to understanding, and they that murmured shall learn doctrine.	
Isaiah 29:7	And the multitude of all the nations that fight against Ariel, even all that fight against her and her munition, and that distress her, shall be as a dream of a night vision.	
Isaiah 29:8	It shall even be as when an hungry man dreameth, and, behold, he eateth; but he awaketh, and his soul is empty: or as when a thirsty man dreameth, and, behold, he drinketh; but he awaketh, and, behold, he is faint, and his soul hath appetite: so shall the multitude of all the nations be, that fight against mount Zion.	
Isaiah 29:9	Stay yourselves, and wonder; cry ye out, and cry: they are drunken, but not with wine; they stagger, but not with strong drink.	
Isaiah 2:1	The word that Isaiah the son of Amoz saw concerning Judah and Jerusalem.	
Isaiah 2:13	And upon all the cedars of Lebanon, that are high and lifted up, and upon all the oaks of Bashan,	
Isaiah 2:14	And upon all the high mountains, and upon all the hills that are lifted up,	
Isaiah 2:16	And upon all the ships of Tarshish, and upon all pleasant pictures.	
Isaiah 2:20	In that day a man shall cast his idols of silver, and his idols of gold, which they made each one for himself to worship, to the moles and to the bats;	
Isaiah 2:4	And he shall judge among the nations, and shall rebuke many people: and they shall beat their swords into plowshares, and their spears into pruninghooks: nation shall not lift up sword against nation, neither shall they learn war any more.	
Isaiah 2:7	Their land also is full of silver and gold, neither is there any end of their treasures; their land is also full of horses, neither is there any end of their chariots:	
Isaiah 30:1	Woe to the rebellious children, saith the LORD, that take counsel, but not of me; and that cover with a covering, but not of my spirit, that they may add sin to sin:	
Isaiah 30:11	Get you out of the way, turn aside out of the path, cause the Holy One of Israel to cease from before us.	
Isaiah 30:14	And he shall break it as the breaking of the potters' vessel that is broken in pieces; he shall not spare: so that there shall not be found in the bursting of it a sherd to take fire from the hearth, or to take water withal out of the pit.	
Isaiah 30:15	For thus saith the Lord GOD, the Holy One of Israel; In returning and rest shall ye be saved; in quietness and in confidence shall be your strength: and ye would not.	
Isaiah 30:18	And therefore will the LORD wait, that he may be gracious unto you, and therefore will he be exalted, that he may have mercy upon you: for the LORD is a God of judgment: blessed are all they that wait for him.	
Isaiah 30:23	Then shall he give the rain of thy seed, that thou shalt sow the ground withal; and bread of the increase of the earth, and it shall be fat and plenteous: in that day shall thy cattle feed in large pastures.	
Isaiah 30:24	The oxen likewise and the young asses that ear the ground shall eat clean provender, which hath been winnowed with the shovel and with the fan.	
Isaiah 30:27	Behold, the name of the LORD cometh from far, burning with his anger, and the burden thereof is heavy: his lips are full of indignation, and his tongue as a devouring fire:	
Isaiah 30:31	For through the voice of the LORD shall the Assyrian be beaten down, which smote with a rod.	
Isaiah 30:4	For his princes were at Zoan, and his ambassadors came to Hanes.	
Isaiah 30:6	The burden of the beasts of the south: into the land of trouble and anguish, from whence come the young and old lion, the viper and fiery flying serpent, they will carry their riches upon the shoulders of young asses, and their treasures upon the bunches of camels, to a people that shall not profit them.	
Isaiah 31:1	Woe to them that go down to Egypt for help; and stay on horses, and trust in chariots, because they are many; and in horsemen, because they are very strong; but they look not unto the Holy One of Israel, neither seek the LORD!	
Isaiah 31:3	Now the Egyptians are men, and not God; and their horses flesh, and not spirit. When the LORD shall stretch out his hand, both he that helpeth shall fall, and he that is holpen shall fall down, and they all shall fail together.	
Isaiah 31:9	And he shall pass over to his strong hold for fear, and his princes shall be afraid of the ensign, saith the LORD, whose fire is in Zion, and his furnace in Jerusalem.	
Isaiah 32:1	Behold, a king shall reign in righteousness, and princes shall rule in judgment.	
Isaiah 32:17	And the work of righteousness shall be peace; and the effect of righteousness quietness and assurance for ever.	
Isaiah 33:15	He that walketh righteously, and speaketh uprightly; he that despiseth the gain of oppressions, that shaketh his hands from holding of bribes, that stoppeth his ears from hearing of blood, and shutteth his eyes from seeing evil;	
Isaiah 33:17	Thine eyes shall see the king in his beauty: they shall behold the land that is very far off.	
Isaiah 33:2	O LORD, be gracious unto us; we have waited for thee: be thou their arm every morning, our salvation also in the time of trouble.	
Isaiah 33:20	Look upon Zion, the city of our solemnities: thine eyes shall see Jerusalem a quiet habitation, a tabernacle that shall not be taken down; not one of the stakes thereof shall ever be removed, neither shall any of the cords thereof be broken.	
Isaiah 33:23	Thy tacklings are loosed; they could not well strengthen their mast, they could not spread the sail: then is the prey of a great spoil divided; the lame take the prey.	
Isaiah 33:3	At the noise of the tumult the people fled; at the lifting up of thyself the nations were scattered.	
Isaiah 33:4	And your spoil shall be gathered like the gathering of the caterpiller: as the running to and fro of locusts shall he run upon them.	
Isaiah 33:5	The LORD is exalted; for he dwelleth on high: he hath filled Zion with judgment and righteousness.	
Isaiah 33:6	And wisdom and knowledge shall be the stability of thy times, and strength of salvation: the fear of the LORD is his treasure.	
Isaiah 34:1	Come near, ye nations, to hear; and hearken, ye people: let the earth hear, and all that is therein; the world, and all things that come forth of it.	
Isaiah 34:10	It shall not be quenched night nor day; the smoke thereof shall go up for ever: from generation to generation it shall lie waste; none shall pass through it for ever and ever.	
Isaiah 34:12	They shall call the nobles thereof to the kingdom, but none shall be there, and all her princes shall be nothing.	
Isaiah 34:2	For the indignation of the LORD is upon all nations, and his fury upon all their armies: he hath utterly destroyed them, he hath delivered them to the slaughter.	
Isaiah 34:4	And all the host of heaven shall be dissolved, and the heavens shall be rolled together as a scroll: and all their host shall fall down, as the leaf falleth off from the vine, and as a falling fig from the fig tree.	
Isaiah 34:6	The sword of the LORD is filled with blood, it is made fat with fatness, and with the blood of lambs and goats, with the fat of the kidneys of rams: for the LORD hath a sacrifice in Bozrah, and a great slaughter in the land of Idumea.	
Isaiah 34:7	And the unicorns shall come down with them, and the bullocks with the bulls; and their land shall be soaked with blood, and their dust made fat with fatness.	
Isaiah 34:9	And the streams thereof shall be turned into pitch, and the dust thereof into brimstone, and the land thereof shall become burning pitch.	
Isaiah 35:1	The wilderness and the solitary place shall be glad for them; and the desert shall rejoice, and blossom as the rose.	
Isaiah 35:10	And the ransomed of the LORD shall return, and come to Zion with songs and everlasting joy upon their heads: they shall obtain joy and gladness, and sorrow and sighing shall flee away.	
Isaiah 36:12	But Rabshakeh said, Hath my master sent me to thy master and to thee to speak these words? hath he not sent me to the men that sit upon the wall, that they may eat their own dung, and drink their own piss with you?	
Isaiah 36:14	Thus saith the king, Let not Hezekiah deceive you: for he shall not be able to deliver you.	
Isaiah 36:17	Until I come and take you away to a land like your own land, a land of corn and wine, a land of bread and vineyards.	
Isaiah 36:19	Where are the gods of Hamath and Arphad? where are the gods of Sepharvaim? and have they delivered Samaria out of my hand?	
Isaiah 36:21	But they held their peace, and answered him not a word: for the king's commandment was, saying, Answer him not.	
Isaiah 36:22	Then came Eliakim, the son of Hilkiah, that was over the household, and Shebna the scribe, and Joah, the son of Asaph, the recorder, to Hezekiah with their clothes rent, and told him the words of Rabshakeh.	
Isaiah 36:8	Now therefore give pledges, I pray thee, to my master the king of Assyria, and I will give thee two thousand horses, if thou be able on thy part to set riders upon them.	
Isaiah 37:31	And the remnant that is escaped of the house of Judah shall again take root downward, and bear fruit upward:	
Isaiah 37:33	Therefore thus saith the LORD concerning the king of Assyria, He shall not come into this city, nor shoot an arrow there, nor come before it with shields, nor cast a bank against it.	
Isaiah 37:34	By the way that he came, by the same shall he return, and shall not come into this city, saith the LORD.	
Isaiah 37:4	It may be the LORD thy God will hear the words of Rabshakeh, whom the king of Assyria his master hath sent to reproach the living God, and will reprove the words which the LORD thy God hath heard: wherefore lift up thy prayer for the remnant that is left.	
Isaiah 37:5	So the servants of king Hezekiah came to Isaiah.	
Isaiah 38:10	I said in the cutting off of my days, I shall go to the gates of the grave: I am deprived of the residue of my years.	
Isaiah 38:11	I said, I shall not see the LORD, even the LORD, in the land of the living: I shall behold man no more with the inhabitants of the world.	
Isaiah 38:12	Mine age is departed, and is removed from me as a shepherd's tent: I have cut off like a weaver my life: he will cut me off with pining sickness: from day even to night wilt thou make an end of me.	
Isaiah 38:18	For the grave cannot praise thee, death can not celebrate thee: they that go down into the pit cannot hope for thy truth.	
Isaiah 38:19	The living, the living, he shall praise thee, as I do this day: the father to the children shall make known thy truth.	
Isaiah 38:20	The LORD was ready to save me: therefore we will sing my songs to the stringed instruments all the days of our life in the house of the LORD.	
Isaiah 38:4	Then came the word of the LORD to Isaiah, saying,	
Isaiah 39:1	At that time Merodachbaladan, the son of Baladan, king of Babylon, sent letters and a present to Hezekiah: for he had heard that he had been sick, and was recovered.	
Isaiah 39:3	Then came Isaiah the prophet unto king Hezekiah, and said unto him, What said these men? and from whence came they unto thee? And Hezekiah said, They are come from a far country unto me, even from Babylon.	
Isaiah 39:7	And of thy sons that shall issue from thee, which thou shalt beget, shall they take away; and they shall be eunuchs in the palace of the king of Babylon.	
Isaiah 3:12	As for my people, children are their oppressors, and women rule over them. O my people, they which lead thee cause thee to err, and destroy the way of thy paths.	
Isaiah 3:14	The LORD will enter into judgment with the ancients of his people, and the princes thereof: for ye have eaten up the vineyard; the spoil of the poor is in your houses.	
Isaiah 3:2	The mighty man, and the man of war, the judge, and the prophet, and the prudent, and the ancient,	
Isaiah 3:20	The bonnets, and the ornaments of the legs, and the headbands, and the tablets, and the earrings,	
Isaiah 3:25	Thy men shall fall by the sword, and thy mighty in the war.	
Isaiah 3:6	When a man shall take hold of his brother of the house of his father, saying, Thou hast clothing, be thou our ruler, and let this ruin be under thy hand:	
Isaiah 3:7	In that day shall he swear, saying, I will not be an healer; for in my house is neither bread nor clothing: make me not a ruler of the people.	
Isaiah 3:9	The shew of their countenance doth witness against them; and they declare their sin as Sodom, they hide it not. Woe unto their soul! for they have rewarded evil unto themselves.	
Isaiah 40:13	Who hath directed the Spirit of the LORD, or being his counsellor hath taught him?	
Isaiah 40:15	Behold, the nations are as a drop of a bucket, and are counted as the small dust of the balance: behold, he taketh up the isles as a very little thing.	
Isaiah 40:26	Lift up your eyes on high, and behold who hath created these things, that bringeth out their host by number: he calleth them all by names by the greatness of his might, for that he is strong in power; not one faileth.	
Isaiah 40:31	But they that wait upon the LORD shall renew their strength; they shall mount up with wings as eagles; they shall run, and not be weary; and they shall walk, and not faint.	
Isaiah 40:8	The grass withereth, the flower fadeth: but the word of our God shall stand for ever.	
Isaiah 41:17	When the poor and needy seek water, and there is none, and their tongue faileth for thirst, I the LORD will hear them, I the God of Israel will not forsake them.	
Isaiah 41:28	For I beheld, and there was no man; even among them, and there was no counsellor, that, when I asked of them, could answer a word.	
Isaiah 41:6	They helped every one his neighbour; and every one said to his brother, Be of good courage.	
Isaiah 41:7	So the carpenter encouraged the goldsmith, and he that smootheth with the hammer him that smote the anvil, saying, It is ready for the sodering: and he fastened it with nails, that it should not be moved.	
Isaiah 42:1	Behold my servant, whom I uphold; mine elect, in whom my soul delighteth; I have put my spirit upon him: he shall bring forth judgment to the Gentiles.	
Isaiah 42:10	Sing unto the LORD a new song, and his praise from the end of the earth, ye that go down to the sea, and all that is therein; the isles, and the inhabitants thereof.	
Isaiah 42:12	Let them give glory unto the LORD, and declare his praise in the islands.	
Isaiah 42:15	I will make waste mountains and hills, and dry up all their herbs; and I will make the rivers islands, and I will dry up the pools.	
Isaiah 42:17	They shall be turned back, they shall be greatly ashamed, that trust in graven images, that say to the molten images, Ye are our gods.	
Isaiah 42:3	A bruised reed shall he not break, and the smoking flax shall he not quench: he shall bring forth judgment unto truth.	
Isaiah 42:8	I am the LORD: that is my name: and my glory will I not give to another, neither my praise to graven images.	
Isaiah 43:15	I am the LORD, your Holy One, the creator of Israel, your King.	
Isaiah 43:17	Which bringeth forth the chariot and horse, the army and the power; they shall lie down together, they shall not rise: they are extinct, they are quenched as tow.	
Isaiah 43:20	The beast of the field shall honour me, the dragons and the owls: because I give waters in the wilderness, and rivers in the desert, to give drink to my people, my chosen.	
Isaiah 43:23	Thou hast not brought me the small cattle of thy burnt offerings; neither hast thou honoured me with thy sacrifices. I have not caused thee to serve with an offering, nor wearied thee with incense.	
Isaiah 43:28	Therefore I have profaned the princes of the sanctuary, and have given Jacob to the curse, and Israel to reproaches.	
Isaiah 43:5	Fear not: for I am with thee: I will bring thy seed from the east, and gather thee from the west;	
Isaiah 43:7	Even every one that is called by my name: for I have created him for my glory, I have formed him; yea, I have made him.	
Isaiah 43:9	Let all the nations be gathered together, and let the people be assembled: who among them can declare this, and shew us former things? let them bring forth their witnesses, that they may be justified: or let them hear, and say, It is truth.	
Isaiah 44:14	He heweth him down cedars, and taketh the cypress and the oak, which he strengtheneth for himself among the trees of the forest: he planteth an ash, and the rain doth nourish it.	
Isaiah 44:21	Remember these, O Jacob and Israel; for thou art my servant: I have formed thee; thou art my servant: O Israel, thou shalt not be forgotten of me.	
Isaiah 44:22	I have blotted out, as a thick cloud, thy transgressions, and, as a cloud, thy sins: return unto me; for I have redeemed thee.	
Isaiah 44:27	That saith to the deep, Be dry, and I will dry up thy rivers:	
Isaiah 44:6	Thus saith the LORD the King of Israel, and his redeemer the LORD of hosts; I am the first, and I am the last; and beside me there is no God.	
Isaiah 44:8	Fear ye not, neither be afraid: have not I told thee from that time, and have declared it? ye are even my witnesses. Is there a God beside me? yea, there is no God; I know not any.	
Isaiah 45:10	Woe unto him that saith unto his father, What begettest thou? or to the woman, What hast thou brought forth?	
Isaiah 45:13	I have raised him up in righteousness, and I will direct all his ways: he shall build my city, and he shall let go my captives, not for price nor reward, saith the LORD of hosts.	
Isaiah 45:14	Thus saith the LORD, The labour of Egypt, and merchandise of Ethiopia and of the Sabeans, men of stature, shall come over unto thee, and they shall be thine: they shall come after thee; in chains they shall come over, and they shall fall down unto thee, they shall make supplication unto thee, saying, Surely God is in thee; and there is none else, there is no God.	
Isaiah 45:17	But Israel shall be saved in the LORD with an everlasting salvation: ye shall not be ashamed nor confounded world without end.	
Isaiah 45:20	Assemble yourselves and come; draw near together, ye that are escaped of the nations: they have no knowledge that set up the wood of their graven image, and pray unto a god that cannot save.	
Isaiah 45:23	I have sworn by myself, the word is gone out of my mouth in righteousness, and shall not return, That unto me every knee shall bow, every tongue shall swear.	
Isaiah 45:3	And I will give thee the treasures of darkness, and hidden riches of secret places, that thou mayest know that I, the LORD, which call thee by thy name, am the God of Israel.	
Isaiah 45:4	For Jacob my servant's sake, and Israel mine elect, I have even called thee by thy name: I have surnamed thee, though thou hast not known me.	
Isaiah 45:7	I form the light, and create darkness: I make peace, and create evil: I the LORD do all these things.	
Isaiah 45:9	Woe unto him that striveth with his Maker! Let the potsherd strive with the potsherds of the earth. Shall the clay say to him that fashioneth it, What makest thou? or thy work, He hath no hands?	
Isaiah 46:3	Hearken unto me, O house of Jacob, and all the remnant of the house of Israel, which are borne by me from the belly, which are carried from the womb:	
Isaiah 47:12	Stand now with thine enchantments, and with the multitude of thy sorceries, wherein thou hast laboured from thy youth; if so be thou shalt be able to profit, if so be thou mayest prevail.	
Isaiah 47:13	Thou art wearied in the multitude of thy counsels. Let now the astrologers, the stargazers, the monthly prognosticators, stand up, and save thee from these things that shall come upon thee.	
Isaiah 47:2	Take the millstones, and grind meal: uncover thy locks, make bare the leg, uncover the thigh, pass over the rivers.	
Isaiah 47:7	And thou saidst, I shall be a lady for ever: so that thou didst not lay these things to thy heart, neither didst remember the latter end of it.	
Isaiah 48:1	Hear ye this, O house of Jacob, which are called by the name of Israel, and are come forth out of the waters of Judah, which swear by the name of the LORD, and make mention of the God of Israel, but not in truth, nor in righteousness.	
Isaiah 48:11	For mine own sake, even for mine own sake, will I do it: for how should my name be polluted? and I will not give my glory unto another.	
Isaiah 48:14	All ye, assemble yourselves, and hear; which among them hath declared these things? The LORD hath loved him: he will do his pleasure on Babylon, and his arm shall be on the Chaldeans.	
Isaiah 48:15	I, even I, have spoken; yea, I have called him: I have brought him, and he shall make his way prosperous.	
Isaiah 48:18	O that thou hadst hearkened to my commandments! then had thy peace been as a river, and thy righteousness as the waves of the sea:	
Isaiah 48:19	Thy seed also had been as the sand, and the offspring of thy bowels like the gravel thereof; his name should not have been cut off nor destroyed from before me.	
Isaiah 48:9	For my name's sake will I defer mine anger, and for my praise will I refrain for thee, that I cut thee not off.	
Isaiah 49:10	They shall not hunger nor thirst; neither shall the heat nor sun smite them: for he that hath mercy on them shall lead them, even by the springs of water shall he guide them.	
Isaiah 49:15	Can a woman forget her sucking child, that she should not have compassion on the son of her womb? yea, they may forget, yet will I not forget thee.	
Isaiah 49:16	Behold, I have graven thee upon the palms of my hands; thy walls are continually before me.	
Isaiah 49:17	Thy children shall make haste; thy destroyers and they that made thee waste shall go forth of thee.	
Isaiah 49:23	And kings shall be thy nursing fathers, and their queens thy nursing mothers: they shall bow down to thee with their face toward the earth, and lick up the dust of thy feet; and thou shalt know that I am the LORD: for they shall not be ashamed that wait for me.	
Isaiah 49:24	Shall the prey be taken from the mighty, or the lawful captive delivered?	
Isaiah 49:5	And now, saith the LORD that formed me from the womb to be his servant, to bring Jacob again to him, Though Israel be not gathered, yet shall I be glorious in the eyes of the LORD, and my God shall be my strength.	
Isaiah 49:9	That thou mayest say to the prisoners, Go forth; to them that are in darkness, Shew yourselves. They shall feed in the ways, and their pastures shall be in all high places.	
Isaiah 50:11	Behold, all ye that kindle a fire, that compass yourselves about with sparks: walk in the light of your fire, and in the sparks that ye have kindled. This shall ye have of mine hand; ye shall lie down in sorrow.	
Isaiah 50:2	Wherefore, when I came, was there no man? when I called, was there none to answer? Is my hand shortened at all, that it cannot redeem? or have I no power to deliver? behold, at my rebuke I dry up the sea, I make the rivers a wilderness: their fish stinketh, because there is no water, and dieth for thirst.	
Isaiah 50:5	The Lord GOD hath opened mine ear, and I was not rebellious, neither turned away back.	
Isaiah 50:8	He is near that justifieth me; who will contend with me? let us stand together: who is mine adversary? let him come near to me.	
Isaiah 51:1	Hearken to me, ye that follow after righteousness, ye that seek the LORD: look unto the rock whence ye are hewn, and to the hole of the pit whence ye are digged.	
Isaiah 51:12	I, even I, am he that comforteth you: who art thou, that thou shouldest be afraid of a man that shall die, and of the son of man which shall be made as grass;	
Isaiah 51:15	But I am the LORD thy God, that divided the sea, whose waves roared: The LORD of hosts is his name.	
Isaiah 51:19	These two things are come unto thee; who shall be sorry for thee? desolation, and destruction, and the famine, and the sword: by whom shall I comfort thee?	
Isaiah 51:23	But I will put it into the hand of them that afflict thee; which have said to thy soul, Bow down, that we may go over: and thou hast laid thy body as the ground, and as the street, to them that went over.	
Isaiah 51:8	For the moth shall eat them up like a garment, and the worm shall eat them like wool: but my righteousness shall be for ever, and my salvation from generation to generation.	
Isaiah 51:9	Awake, awake, put on strength, O arm of the LORD; awake, as in the ancient days, in the generations of old. Art thou not it that hath cut Rahab, and wounded the dragon?	
Isaiah 52:4	For thus saith the Lord GOD, My people went down aforetime into Egypt to sojourn there; and the Assyrian oppressed them without cause.	
Isaiah 53:1	Who hath believed our report? and to whom is the arm of the LORD revealed?	
Isaiah 53:11	He shall see of the travail of his soul, and shall be satisfied: by his knowledge shall my righteous servant justify many; for he shall bear their iniquities.	
Isaiah 53:2	For he shall grow up before him as a tender plant, and as a root out of a dry ground: he hath no form nor comeliness; and when we shall see him, there is no beauty that we should desire him.	
Isaiah 53:4	Surely he hath borne our griefs, and carried our sorrows: yet we did esteem him stricken, smitten of God, and afflicted.	
Isaiah 53:6	All we like sheep have gone astray; we have turned every one to his own way; and the LORD hath laid on him the iniquity of us all.	
Isaiah 53:7	He was oppressed, and he was afflicted, yet he opened not his mouth: he is brought as a lamb to the slaughter, and as a sheep before her shearers is dumb, so he openeth not his mouth.	
Isaiah 53:9	And he made his grave with the wicked, and with the rich in his death; because he had done no violence, neither was any deceit in his mouth.	
Isaiah 54:4	Fear not; for thou shalt not be ashamed: neither be thou confounded; for thou shalt not be put to shame: for thou shalt forget the shame of thy youth, and shalt not remember the reproach of thy widowhood any more.	
Isaiah 55:1	Ho, every one that thirsteth, come ye to the waters, and he that hath no money; come ye, buy, and eat; yea, come, buy wine and milk without money and without price.	
Isaiah 55:11	So shall my word be that goeth forth out of my mouth: it shall not return unto me void, but it shall accomplish that which I please, and it shall prosper in the thing whereto I sent it.	
Isaiah 55:2	Wherefore do ye spend money for that which is not bread? and your labour for that which satisfieth not? hearken diligently unto me, and eat ye that which is good, and let your soul delight itself in fatness.	
Isaiah 56:7	Even them will I bring to my holy mountain, and make them joyful in my house of prayer: their burnt offerings and their sacrifices shall be accepted upon mine altar; for mine house shall be called an house of prayer for all people.	
Isaiah 56:8	The Lord GOD, which gathereth the outcasts of Israel saith, Yet will I gather others to him, beside those that are gathered unto him.	
Isaiah 57:12	I will declare thy righteousness, and thy works; for they shall not profit thee.	
Isaiah 57:9	And thou wentest to the king with ointment, and didst increase thy perfumes, and didst send thy messengers far off, and didst debase thyself even unto hell.	
Isaiah 58:1	Cry aloud, spare not, lift up thy voice like a trumpet, and shew my people their transgression, and the house of Jacob their sins.	
Isaiah 58:13	If thou turn away thy foot from the sabbath, from doing thy pleasure on my holy day; and call the sabbath a delight, the holy of the LORD, honourable; and shalt honour him, not doing thine own ways, nor finding thine own pleasure, nor speaking thine own words:	
Isaiah 58:3	Wherefore have we fasted, say they, and thou seest not? wherefore have we afflicted our soul, and thou takest no knowledge? Behold, in the day of your fast ye find pleasure, and exact all your labours.	
Isaiah 58:5	Is it such a fast that I have chosen? a day for a man to afflict his soul? is it to bow down his head as a bulrush, and to spread sackcloth and ashes under him? wilt thou call this a fast, and an acceptable day to the LORD?	
Isaiah 59:1	Behold, the LORD's hand is not shortened, that it cannot save; neither his ear heavy, that it cannot hear:	
Isaiah 59:12	For our transgressions are multiplied before thee, and our sins testify against us: for our transgressions are with us; and as for our iniquities, we know them;	
Isaiah 59:7	Their feet run to evil, and they make haste to shed innocent blood: their thoughts are thoughts of iniquity; wasting and destruction are in their paths.	
Isaiah 5:10	Yea, ten acres of vineyard shall yield one bath, and the seed of an homer shall yield an ephah.	
Isaiah 5:14	Therefore hell hath enlarged herself, and opened her mouth without measure: and their glory, and their multitude, and their pomp, and he that rejoiceth, shall descend into it.	
Isaiah 5:18	Woe unto them that draw iniquity with cords of vanity, and sin as it were with a cart rope:	
Isaiah 5:19	That say, Let him make speed, and hasten his work, that we may see it: and let the counsel of the Holy One of Israel draw nigh and come, that we may know it!	
Isaiah 5:20	Woe unto them that call evil good, and good evil; that put darkness for light, and light for darkness; that put bitter for sweet, and sweet for bitter!	
Isaiah 5:29	Their roaring shall be like a lion, they shall roar like young lions: yea, they shall roar, and lay hold of the prey, and shall carry it away safe, and none shall deliver it.	
Isaiah 5:3	And now, O inhabitants of Jerusalem, and men of Judah, judge, I pray you, betwixt me and my vineyard.	
Isaiah 5:30	And in that day they shall roar against them like the roaring of the sea: and if one look unto the land, behold darkness and sorrow, and the light is darkened in the heavens thereof.	
Isaiah 5:5	And now go to; I will tell you what I will do to my vineyard: I will take away the hedge thereof, and it shall be eaten up; and break down the wall thereof, and it shall be trodden down:	
Isaiah 5:8	Woe unto them that join house to house, that lay field to field, till there be no place, that they may be placed alone in the midst of the earth!	
Isaiah 60:12	For the nation and kingdom that will not serve thee shall perish; yea, those nations shall be utterly wasted.	
Isaiah 60:13	The glory of Lebanon shall come unto thee, the fir tree, the pine tree, and the box together, to beautify the place of my sanctuary; and I will make the place of my feet glorious.	
Isaiah 60:15	Whereas thou has been forsaken and hated, so that no man went through thee, I will make thee an eternal excellency, a joy of many generations.	
Isaiah 60:6	The multitude of camels shall cover thee, the dromedaries of Midian and Ephah; all they from Sheba shall come: they shall bring gold and incense; and they shall shew forth the praises of the LORD.	
Isaiah 60:7	All the flocks of Kedar shall be gathered together unto thee, the rams of Nebaioth shall minister unto thee: they shall come up with acceptance on mine altar, and I will glorify the house of my glory.	
Isaiah 60:9	Surely the isles shall wait for me, and the ships of Tarshish first, to bring thy sons from far, their silver and their gold with them, unto the name of the LORD thy God, and to the Holy One of Israel, because he hath glorified thee.	
Isaiah 61:5	And strangers shall stand and feed your flocks, and the sons of the alien shall be your plowmen and your vinedressers.	
Isaiah 62:3	Thou shalt also be a crown of glory in the hand of the LORD, and a royal diadem in the hand of thy God.	
Isaiah 62:6	I have set watchmen upon thy walls, O Jerusalem, which shall never hold their peace day nor night: ye that make mention of the LORD, keep not silence,	
Isaiah 63:3	I have trodden the winepress alone; and of the people there was none with me: for I will tread them in mine anger, and trample them in my fury; and their blood shall be sprinkled upon my garments, and I will stain all my raiment.	
Isaiah 63:6	And I will tread down the people in mine anger, and make them drunk in my fury, and I will bring down their strength to the earth.	
Isaiah 63:8	For he said, Surely they are my people, children that will not lie: so he was their Saviour.	
Isaiah 63:9	In all their affliction he was afflicted, and the angel of his presence saved them: in his love and in his pity he redeemed them; and he bare them, and carried them all the days of old.	
Isaiah 64:12	Wilt thou refrain thyself for these things, O LORD? wilt thou hold thy peace, and afflict us very sore?	
Isaiah 64:5	Thou meetest him that rejoiceth and worketh righteousness, those that remember thee in thy ways: behold, thou art wroth; for we have sinned: in those is continuance, and we shall be saved.	
Isaiah 64:6	But we are all as an unclean thing, and all our righteousnesses are as filthy rags; and we all do fade as a leaf; and our iniquities, like the wind, have taken us away.	
Isaiah 65:15	And ye shall leave your name for a curse unto my chosen: for the Lord GOD shall slay thee, and call his servants by another name:	
Isaiah 65:20	There shall be no more thence an infant of days, nor an old man that hath not filled his days: for the child shall die an hundred years old; but the sinner being an hundred years old shall be accursed.	
Isaiah 65:21	And they shall build houses, and inhabit them; and they shall plant vineyards, and eat the fruit of them.	
Isaiah 65:23	They shall not labour in vain, nor bring forth for trouble; for they are the seed of the blessed of the LORD, and their offspring with them.	
Isaiah 66:1	Thus saith the LORD, The heaven is my throne, and the earth is my footstool: where is the house that ye build unto me? and where is the place of my rest?	
Isaiah 66:15	For, behold, the LORD will come with fire, and with his chariots like a whirlwind, to render his anger with fury, and his rebuke with flames of fire.	
Isaiah 66:17	They that sanctify themselves, and purify themselves in the gardens behind one tree in the midst, eating swine's flesh, and the abomination, and the mouse, shall be consumed together, saith the LORD.	
Isaiah 66:18	For I know their works and their thoughts: it shall come, that I will gather all nations and tongues; and they shall come, and see my glory.	
Isaiah 66:22	For as the new heavens and the new earth, which I will make, shall remain before me, saith the LORD, so shall your seed and your name remain.	
Isaiah 66:4	I also will choose their delusions, and will bring their fears upon them; because when I called, none did answer; when I spake, they did not hear: but they did evil before mine eyes, and chose that in which I delighted not.	
Isaiah 66:6	A voice of noise from the city, a voice from the temple, a voice of the LORD that rendereth recompence to his enemies.	
Isaiah 6:3	And one cried unto another, and said, Holy, holy, holy, is the LORD of hosts: the whole earth is full of his glory.	
Isaiah 6:5	Then said I, Woe is me! for I am undone; because I am a man of unclean lips, and I dwell in the midst of a people of unclean lips: for mine eyes have seen the King, the LORD of hosts.	
Isaiah 6:8	Also I heard the voice of the Lord, saying, Whom shall I send, and who will go for us? Then said I, Here am I; send me.	
Isaiah 7:12	But Ahaz said, I will not ask, neither will I tempt the LORD.	
Isaiah 7:14	Therefore the Lord himself shall give you a sign; Behold, a virgin shall conceive, and bear a son, and shall call his name Immanuel.	
Isaiah 7:21	And it shall come to pass in that day, that a man shall nourish a young cow, and two sheep;	
Isaiah 7:3	Then said the LORD unto Isaiah, Go forth now to meet Ahaz, thou, and Shearjashub thy son, at the end of the conduit of the upper pool in the highway of the fuller's field;	
Isaiah 7:9	And the head of Ephraim is Samaria, and the head of Samaria is Remaliah's son. If ye will not believe, surely ye shall not be established.	
Isaiah 8:10	Take counsel together, and it shall come to nought; speak the word, and it shall not stand: for God is with us.	
Isaiah 8:14	And he shall be for a sanctuary; but for a stone of stumbling and for a rock of offence to both the houses of Israel, for a gin and for a snare to the inhabitants of Jerusalem.	
Isaiah 8:6	Forasmuch as this people refuseth the waters of Shiloah that go softly, and rejoice in Rezin and Remaliah's son;	
Isaiah 9:12	The Syrians before, and the Philistines behind; and they shall devour Israel with open mouth. For all this his anger is not turned away, but his hand is stretched out still.	
Isaiah 9:15	The ancient and honourable, he is the head; and the prophet that teacheth lies, he is the tail.	
Isaiah 9:16	For the leaders of this people cause them to err; and they that are led of them are destroyed.	
Isaiah 9:19	Through the wrath of the LORD of hosts is the land darkened, and the people shall be as the fuel of the fire: no man shall spare his brother.	
Isaiah 9:2	The people that walked in darkness have seen a great light: they that dwell in the land of the shadow of death, upon them hath the light shined.	
Isaiah 9:6	For unto us a child is born, unto us a son is given: and the government shall be upon his shoulder: and his name shall be called Wonderful, Counsellor, The mighty God, The everlasting Father, The Prince of Peace.	
James 1:1	James, a servant of God and of the Lord Jesus Christ, to the twelve tribes which are scattered abroad, greeting.	
James 1:10	But the rich, in that he is made low: because as the flower of the grass he shall pass away.	
James 1:12	Blessed is the man that endureth temptation: for when he is tried, he shall receive the crown of life, which the Lord hath promised to them that love him.	
James 1:13	Let no man say when he is tempted, I am tempted of God: for God cannot be tempted with evil, neither tempteth he any man:	
James 1:15	Then when lust hath conceived, it bringeth forth sin: and sin, when it is finished, bringeth forth death.	
James 1:19	Wherefore, my beloved brethren, let every man be swift to hear, slow to speak, slow to wrath:	
James 1:21	Wherefore lay apart all filthiness and superfluity of naughtiness, and receive with meekness the engrafted word, which is able to save your souls.	
James 1:25	But whoso looketh into the perfect law of liberty, and continueth therein, he being not a forgetful hearer, but a doer of the work, this man shall be blessed in his deed.	
James 1:6	But let him ask in faith, nothing wavering. For he that wavereth is like a wave of the sea driven with the wind and tossed.	
James 1:7	For let not that man think that he shall receive any thing of the Lord.	
James 2:10	For whosoever shall keep the whole law, and yet offend in one point, he is guilty of all.	
James 2:22	Seest thou how faith wrought with his works, and by works was faith made perfect?	
James 3:15	This wisdom descendeth not from above, but is earthly, sensual, devilish.	
James 3:18	And the fruit of righteousness is sown in peace of them that make peace.	
James 3:7	For every kind of beasts, and of birds, and of serpents, and of things in the sea, is tamed, and hath been tamed of mankind:	
James 3:8	But the tongue can no man tame; it is an unruly evil, full of deadly poison.	
James 4:10	Humble yourselves in the sight of the Lord, and he shall lift you up.	
James 4:15	For that ye ought to say, If the Lord will, we shall live, and do this, or that.	
James 5:18	And he prayed again, and the heaven gave rain, and the earth brought forth her fruit.	
James 5:5	Ye have lived in pleasure on the earth, and been wanton; ye have nourished your hearts, as in a day of slaughter.	
James 5:8	Be ye also patient; stablish your hearts: for the coming of the Lord draweth nigh.	
Jeremiah 10:12	He hath made the earth by his power, he hath established the world by his wisdom, and hath stretched out the heavens by his discretion.	
Jeremiah 10:14	Every man is brutish in his knowledge: every founder is confounded by the graven image: for his molten image is falsehood, and there is no breath in them.	
Jeremiah 10:18	For thus saith the LORD, Behold, I will sling out the inhabitants of the land at this once, and will distress them, that they may find it so.	
Jeremiah 10:20	My tabernacle is spoiled, and all my cords are broken: my children are gone forth of me, and they are not: there is none to stretch forth my tent any more, and to set up my curtains.	
Jeremiah 10:25	Pour out thy fury upon the heathen that know thee not, and upon the families that call not on thy name: for they have eaten up Jacob, and devoured him, and consumed him, and have made his habitation desolate.	
Jeremiah 10:4	They deck it with silver and with gold; they fasten it with nails and with hammers, that it move not.	
Jeremiah 10:6	Forasmuch as there is none like unto thee, O LORD; thou art great, and thy name is great in might.	
Jeremiah 10:8	But they are altogether brutish and foolish: the stock is a doctrine of vanities.	
Jeremiah 10:9	Silver spread into plates is brought from Tarshish, and gold from Uphaz, the work of the workman, and of the hands of the founder: blue and purple is their clothing: they are all the work of cunning men.	
Jeremiah 11:15	What hath my beloved to do in mine house, seeing she hath wrought lewdness with many, and the holy flesh is passed from thee? when thou doest evil, then thou rejoicest.	
Jeremiah 11:17	For the LORD of hosts, that planted thee, hath pronounced evil against thee, for the evil of the house of Israel and of the house of Judah, which they have done against themselves to provoke me to anger in offering incense unto Baal.	
Jeremiah 11:8	Yet they obeyed not, nor inclined their ear, but walked every one in the imagination of their evil heart: therefore I will bring upon them all the words of this covenant, which I commanded them to do: but they did them not.	
Jeremiah 12:10	Many pastors have destroyed my vineyard, they have trodden my portion under foot, they have made my pleasant portion a desolate wilderness.	
Jeremiah 12:16	And it shall come to pass, if they will diligently learn the ways of my people, to swear by my name, The LORD liveth; as they taught my people to swear by Baal; then shall they be built in the midst of my people.	
Jeremiah 12:5	If thou hast run with the footmen, and they have wearied thee, then how canst thou contend with horses? and if in the land of peace, wherein thou trustedst, they wearied thee, then how wilt thou do in the swelling of Jordan?	
Jeremiah 12:7	I have forsaken mine house, I have left mine heritage; I have given the dearly beloved of my soul into the hand of her enemies.	
Jeremiah 13:15	Hear ye, and give ear; be not proud: for the LORD hath spoken.	
Jeremiah 13:16	Give glory to the LORD your God, before he cause darkness, and before your feet stumble upon the dark mountains, and, while ye look for light, he turn it into the shadow of death, and make it gross darkness.	
Jeremiah 13:17	But if ye will not hear it, my soul shall weep in secret places for your pride; and mine eye shall weep sore, and run down with tears, because the LORD's flock is carried away captive.	
Jeremiah 13:19	The cities of the south shall be shut up, and none shall open them: Judah shall be carried away captive all of it, it shall be wholly carried away captive.	
Jeremiah 13:2	So I got a girdle according to the word of the LORD, and put it on my loins.	
Jeremiah 13:20	Lift up your eyes, and behold them that come from the north: where is the flock that was given thee, thy beautiful flock?	
Jeremiah 13:23	Can the Ethiopian change his skin, or the leopard his spots? then may ye also do good, that are accustomed to do evil.	
Jeremiah 13:5	So I went, and hid it by Euphrates, as the LORD commanded me.	
Jeremiah 14:2	Judah mourneth, and the gates thereof languish; they are black unto the ground; and the cry of Jerusalem is gone up.	
Jeremiah 14:21	Do not abhor us, for thy name's sake, do not disgrace the throne of thy glory: remember, break not thy covenant with us.	
Jeremiah 14:3	And their nobles have sent their little ones to the waters: they came to the pits, and found no water; they returned with their vessels empty; they were ashamed and confounded, and covered their heads.	
Jeremiah 15:14	And I will make thee to pass with thine enemies into a land which thou knowest not: for a fire is kindled in mine anger, which shall burn upon you.	
Jeremiah 15:16	Thy words were found, and I did eat them; and thy word was unto me the joy and rejoicing of mine heart: for I am called by thy name, O LORD God of hosts.	
Jeremiah 15:3	And I will appoint over them four kinds, saith the LORD: the sword to slay, and the dogs to tear, and the fowls of the heaven, and the beasts of the earth, to devour and destroy.	
Jeremiah 16:4	They shall die of grievous deaths; they shall not be lamented; neither shall they be buried; but they shall be as dung upon the face of the earth: and they shall be consumed by the sword, and by famine; and their carcases shall be meat for the fowls of heaven, and for the beasts of the earth.	
Jeremiah 17:10	I the LORD search the heart, I try the reins, even to give every man according to his ways, and according to the fruit of his doings.	
Jeremiah 17:14	Heal me, O LORD, and I shall be healed; save me, and I shall be saved: for thou art my praise.	
Jeremiah 17:16	As for me, I have not hastened from being a pastor to follow thee: neither have I desired the woeful day; thou knowest: that which came out of my lips was right before thee.	
Jeremiah 17:17	Be not a terror unto me: thou art my hope in the day of evil.	
Jeremiah 17:19	Thus said the LORD unto me; Go and stand in the gate of the children of the people, whereby the kings of Judah come in, and by the which they go out, and in all the gates of Jerusalem;	
Jeremiah 17:5	Thus saith the LORD; Cursed be the man that trusteth in man, and maketh flesh his arm, and whose heart departeth from the LORD.	
Jeremiah 18:1	The word which came to Jeremiah from the LORD, saying,	
Jeremiah 18:2	Arise, and go down to the potter's house, and there I will cause thee to hear my words.	
Jeremiah 18:20	Shall evil be recompensed for good? for they have digged a pit for my soul. Remember that I stood before thee to speak good for them, and to turn away thy wrath from them.	
Jeremiah 18:21	Therefore deliver up their children to the famine, and pour out their blood by the force of the sword; and let their wives be bereaved of their children, and be widows; and let their men be put to death; let their young men be slain by the sword in battle.	
Jeremiah 18:5	Then the word of the LORD came to me, saying,	
Jeremiah 19:13	And the houses of Jerusalem, and the houses of the kings of Judah, shall be defiled as the place of Tophet, because of all the houses upon whose roofs they have burned incense unto all the host of heaven, and have poured out drink offerings unto other gods.	
Jeremiah 19:14	Then came Jeremiah from Tophet, whither the LORD had sent him to prophesy; and he stood in the court of the LORD's house; and said to all the people,	
Jeremiah 19:7	And I will make void the counsel of Judah and Jerusalem in this place; and I will cause them to fall by the sword before their enemies, and by the hands of them that seek their lives: and their carcases will I give to be meat for the fowls of the heaven, and for the beasts of the earth.	
Jeremiah 1:10	See, I have this day set thee over the nations and over the kingdoms, to root out, and to pull down, and to destroy, and to throw down, to build, and to plant.	
Jeremiah 1:11	Moreover the word of the LORD came unto me, saying, Jeremiah, what seest thou? And I said, I see a rod of an almond tree.	
Jeremiah 1:17	Thou therefore gird up thy loins, and arise, and speak unto them all that I command thee: be not dismayed at their faces, lest I confound thee before them.	
Jeremiah 1:3	It came also in the days of Jehoiakim the son of Josiah king of Judah, unto the end of the eleventh year of Zedekiah the son of Josiah king of Judah, unto the carrying away of Jerusalem captive in the fifth month.	
Jeremiah 20:1	Now Pashur the son of Immer the priest, who was also chief governor in the house of the LORD, heard that Jeremiah prophesied these things.	
Jeremiah 20:14	Cursed be the day wherein I was born: let not the day wherein my mother bare me be blessed.	
Jeremiah 20:16	And let that man be as the cities which the LORD overthrew, and repented not: and let him hear the cry in the morning, and the shouting at noontide;	
Jeremiah 20:5	Moreover I will deliver all the strength of this city, and all the labours thereof, and all the precious things thereof, and all the treasures of the kings of Judah will I give into the hand of their enemies, which shall spoil them, and take them, and carry them to Babylon.	
Jeremiah 21:10	For I have set my face against this city for evil, and not for good, saith the LORD: it shall be given into the hand of the king of Babylon, and he shall burn it with fire.	
Jeremiah 21:13	Behold, I am against thee, O inhabitant of the valley, and rock of the plain, saith the LORD; which say, Who shall come down against us? or who shall enter into our habitations?	
Jeremiah 21:4	Thus saith the LORD God of Israel; Behold, I will turn back the weapons of war that are in your hands, wherewith ye fight against the king of Babylon, and against the Chaldeans, which besiege you without the walls, and I will assemble them into the midst of this city.	
Jeremiah 21:6	And I will smite the inhabitants of this city, both man and beast: they shall die of a great pestilence.	
Jeremiah 21:9	He that abideth in this city shall die by the sword, and by the famine, and by the pestilence: but he that goeth out, and falleth to the Chaldeans that besiege you, he shall live, and his life shall be unto him for a prey.	
Jeremiah 22:12	But he shall die in the place whither they have led him captive, and shall see this land no more.	
Jeremiah 22:2	And say, Hear the word of the LORD, O king of Judah, that sittest upon the throne of David, thou, and thy servants, and thy people that enter in by these gates:	
Jeremiah 22:7	And I will prepare destroyers against thee, every one with his weapons: and they shall cut down thy choice cedars, and cast them into the fire.	
Jeremiah 23:11	For both prophet and priest are profane; yea, in my house have I found their wickedness, saith the LORD.	
Jeremiah 23:15	Therefore thus saith the LORD of hosts concerning the prophets; Behold, I will feed them with wormwood, and make them drink the water of gall: for from the prophets of Jerusalem is profaneness gone forth into all the land.	
Jeremiah 23:17	They say still unto them that despise me, The LORD hath said, Ye shall have peace; and they say unto every one that walketh after the imagination of his own heart, No evil shall come upon you.	
Jeremiah 23:32	Behold, I am against them that prophesy false dreams, saith the LORD, and do tell them, and cause my people to err by their lies, and by their lightness; yet I sent them not, nor commanded them: therefore they shall not profit this people at all, saith the LORD.	
Jeremiah 23:38	But since ye say, The burden of the LORD; therefore thus saith the LORD; Because ye say this word, The burden of the LORD, and I have sent unto you, saying, Ye shall not say, The burden of the LORD;	
Jeremiah 23:39	Therefore, behold, I, even I, will utterly forget you, and I will forsake you, and the city that I gave you and your fathers, and cast you out of my presence:	
Jeremiah 23:7	Therefore, behold, the days come, saith the LORD, that they shall no more say, The LORD liveth, which brought up the children of Israel out of the land of Egypt;	
Jeremiah 23:8	But, The LORD liveth, which brought up and which led the seed of the house of Israel out of the north country, and from all countries whither I had driven them; and they shall dwell in their own land.	
Jeremiah 23:9	Mine heart within me is broken because of the prophets; all my bones shake; I am like a drunken man, and like a man whom wine hath overcome, because of the LORD, and because of the words of his holiness.	
Jeremiah 24:10	And I will send the sword, the famine, and the pestilence, among them, till they be consumed from off the land that I gave unto them and to their fathers.	
Jeremiah 24:3	Then said the LORD unto me, What seest thou, Jeremiah? And I said, Figs; the good figs, very good; and the evil, very evil, that cannot be eaten, they are so evil.	
Jeremiah 24:5	Thus saith the LORD, the God of Israel; Like these good figs, so will I acknowledge them that are carried away captive of Judah, whom I have sent out of this place into the land of the Chaldeans for their good.	
Jeremiah 24:7	And I will give them an heart to know me, that I am the LORD: and they shall be my people, and I will be their God: for they shall return unto me with their whole heart.	
Jeremiah 25:11	And this whole land shall be a desolation, and an astonishment; and these nations shall serve the king of Babylon seventy years.	
Jeremiah 25:12	And it shall come to pass, when seventy years are accomplished, that I will punish the king of Babylon, and that nation, saith the LORD, for their iniquity, and the land of the Chaldeans, and will make it perpetual desolations.	
Jeremiah 25:16	And they shall drink, and be moved, and be mad, because of the sword that I will send among them.	
Jeremiah 25:20	And all the mingled people, and all the kings of the land of Uz, and all the kings of the land of the Philistines, and Ashkelon, and Azzah, and Ekron, and the remnant of Ashdod,	
Jeremiah 25:21	Edom, and Moab, and the children of Ammon,	
Jeremiah 25:25	And all the kings of Zimri, and all the kings of Elam, and all the kings of the Medes,	
Jeremiah 25:26	And all the kings of the north, far and near, one with another, and all the kingdoms of the world, which are upon the face of the earth: and the king of Sheshach shall drink after them.	
Jeremiah 25:3	From the thirteenth year of Josiah the son of Amon king of Judah, even unto this day, that is the three and twentieth year, the word of the LORD hath come unto me, and I have spoken unto you, rising early and speaking; but ye have not hearkened.	
Jeremiah 25:35	And the shepherds shall have no way to flee, nor the principal of the flock to escape.	
Jeremiah 25:36	A voice of the cry of the shepherds, and an howling of the principal of the flock, shall be heard: for the LORD hath spoiled their pasture.	
Jeremiah 25:38	He hath forsaken his covert, as the lion: for their land is desolate because of the fierceness of the oppressor, and because of his fierce anger.	
Jeremiah 26:11	Then spake the priests and the prophets unto the princes and to all the people, saying, This man is worthy to die; for he hath prophesied against this city, as ye have heard with your ears.	
Jeremiah 26:16	Then said the princes and all the people unto the priests and to the prophets; This man is not worthy to die: for he hath spoken to us in the name of the LORD our God.	
Jeremiah 26:17	Then rose up certain of the elders of the land, and spake to all the assembly of the people, saying,	
Jeremiah 26:19	Did Hezekiah king of Judah and all Judah put him at all to death? did he not fear the LORD, and besought the LORD, and the LORD repented him of the evil which he had pronounced against them? Thus might we procure great evil against our souls.	
Jeremiah 26:20	And there was also a man that prophesied in the name of the LORD, Urijah the son of Shemaiah of Kirjathjearim, who prophesied against this city and against this land according to all the words of Jeremiah.	
Jeremiah 26:23	And they fetched forth Urijah out of Egypt, and brought him unto Jehoiakim the king; who slew him with the sword, and cast his dead body into the graves of the common people.	
Jeremiah 26:24	Nevertheless the hand of Ahikam the son of Shaphan was with Jeremiah, that they should not give him into the hand of the people to put him to death.	
Jeremiah 26:5	To hearken to the words of my servants the prophets, whom I sent unto you, both rising up early, and sending them, but ye have not hearkened;	
Jeremiah 26:7	So the priests and the prophets and all the people heard Jeremiah speaking these words in the house of the LORD.	
Jeremiah 26:8	Now it came to pass, when Jeremiah had made an end of speaking all that the LORD had commanded him to speak unto all the people, that the priests and the prophets and all the people took him, saying, Thou shalt surely die.	
Jeremiah 27:11	But the nations that bring their neck under the yoke of the king of Babylon, and serve him, those will I let remain still in their own land, saith the LORD; and they shall till it, and dwell therein.	
Jeremiah 27:16	Also I spake to the priests and to all this people, saying, Thus saith the LORD; Hearken not to the words of your prophets that prophesy unto you, saying, Behold, the vessels of the LORD's house shall now shortly be brought again from Babylon: for they prophesy a lie unto you.	
Jeremiah 27:19	For thus saith the LORD of hosts concerning the pillars, and concerning the sea, and concerning the bases, and concerning the residue of the vessels that remain in this city.	
Jeremiah 27:20	Which Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon took not, when he carried away captive Jeconiah the son of Jehoiakim king of Judah from Jerusalem to Babylon, and all the nobles of Judah and Jerusalem;	
Jeremiah 27:3	And send them to the king of Edom, and to the king of Moab, and to the king of the Ammonites, and to the king of Tyrus, and to the king of Zidon, by the hand of the messengers which come to Jerusalem unto Zedekiah king of Judah;	
Jeremiah 28:1	And it came to pass the same year, in the beginning of the reign of Zedekiah king of Judah, in the fourth year, and in the fifth month, that Hananiah the son of Azur the prophet, which was of Gibeon, spake unto me in the house of the LORD, in the presence of the priests and of all the people, saying,	
Jeremiah 28:14	For thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; I have put a yoke of iron upon the neck of all these nations, that they may serve Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon; and they shall serve him: and I have given him the beasts of the field also.	
Jeremiah 29:1	Now these are the words of the letter that Jeremiah the prophet sent from Jerusalem unto the residue of the elders which were carried away captives, and to the priests, and to the prophets, and to all the people whom Nebuchadnezzar had carried away captive from Jerusalem to Babylon;	
Jeremiah 29:13	And ye shall seek me, and find me, when ye shall search for me with all your heart.	
Jeremiah 29:19	Because they have not hearkened to my words, saith the LORD, which I sent unto them by my servants the prophets, rising up early and sending them; but ye would not hear, saith the LORD.	
Jeremiah 29:20	Hear ye therefore the word of the LORD, all ye of the captivity, whom I have sent from Jerusalem to Babylon:	
Jeremiah 29:23	Because they have committed villany in Israel, and have committed adultery with their neighbours' wives, and have spoken lying words in my name, which I have not commanded them; even I know, and am a witness, saith the LORD.	
Jeremiah 29:25	Thus speaketh the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel, saying, Because thou hast sent letters in thy name unto all the people that are at Jerusalem, and to Zephaniah the son of Maaseiah the priest, and to all the priests, saying,	
Jeremiah 29:29	And Zephaniah the priest read this letter in the ears of Jeremiah the prophet.	
Jeremiah 29:6	Take ye wives, and beget sons and daughters; and take wives for your sons, and give your daughters to husbands, that they may bear sons and daughters; that ye may be increased there, and not diminished.	
Jeremiah 29:9	For they prophesy falsely unto you in my name: I have not sent them, saith the LORD.	
Jeremiah 2:15	The young lions roared upon him, and yelled, and they made his land waste: his cities are burned without inhabitant.	
Jeremiah 2:16	Also the children of Noph and Tahapanes have broken the crown of thy head.	
Jeremiah 2:2	Go and cry in the ears of Jerusalem, saying, Thus saith the LORD; I remember thee, the kindness of thy youth, the love of thine espousals, when thou wentest after me in the wilderness, in a land that was not sown.	
Jeremiah 2:20	For of old time I have broken thy yoke, and burst thy bands; and thou saidst, I will not transgress; when upon every high hill and under every green tree thou wanderest, playing the harlot.	
Jeremiah 2:22	For though thou wash thee with nitre, and take thee much soap, yet thine iniquity is marked before me, saith the Lord GOD.	
Jeremiah 2:31	O generation, see ye the word of the LORD. Have I been a wilderness unto Israel? a land of darkness? wherefore say my people, We are lords; we will come no more unto thee?	
Jeremiah 2:33	Why trimmest thou thy way to seek love? therefore hast thou also taught the wicked ones thy ways.	
Jeremiah 2:36	Why gaddest thou about so much to change thy way? thou also shalt be ashamed of Egypt, as thou wast ashamed of Assyria.	
Jeremiah 2:37	Yea, thou shalt go forth from him, and thine hands upon thine head: for the LORD hath rejected thy confidences, and thou shalt not prosper in them.	
Jeremiah 2:5	Thus saith the LORD, What iniquity have your fathers found in me, that they are gone far from me, and have walked after vanity, and are become vain?	
Jeremiah 30:1	The word that came to Jeremiah from the LORD, saying,	
Jeremiah 30:12	For thus saith the LORD, Thy bruise is incurable, and thy wound is grievous.	
Jeremiah 30:16	Therefore all they that devour thee shall be devoured; and all thine adversaries, every one of them, shall go into captivity; and they that spoil thee shall be a spoil, and all that prey upon thee will I give for a prey.	
Jeremiah 30:19	And out of them shall proceed thanksgiving and the voice of them that make merry: and I will multiply them, and they shall not be few; I will also glorify them, and they shall not be small.	
Jeremiah 30:2	Thus speaketh the LORD God of Israel, saying, Write thee all the words that I have spoken unto thee in a book.	
Jeremiah 30:23	Behold, the whirlwind of the LORD goeth forth with fury, a continuing whirlwind: it shall fall with pain upon the head of the wicked.	
Jeremiah 30:5	For thus saith the LORD; We have heard a voice of trembling, of fear, and not of peace.	
Jeremiah 30:6	Ask ye now, and see whether a man doth travail with child? wherefore do I see every man with his hands on his loins, as a woman in travail, and all faces are turned into paleness?	
Jeremiah 30:9	But they shall serve the LORD their God, and David their king, whom I will raise up unto them.	
Jeremiah 31:1	At the same time, saith the LORD, will I be the God of all the families of Israel, and they shall be my people.	
Jeremiah 31:12	Therefore they shall come and sing in the height of Zion, and shall flow together to the goodness of the LORD, for wheat, and for wine, and for oil, and for the young of the flock and of the herd: and their soul shall be as a watered garden; and they shall not sorrow any more at all.	
Jeremiah 31:13	Then shall the virgin rejoice in the dance, both young men and old together: for I will turn their mourning into joy, and will comfort them, and make them rejoice from their sorrow.	
Jeremiah 31:15	Thus saith the LORD; A voice was heard in Ramah, lamentation, and bitter weeping; Rahel weeping for her children refused to be comforted for her children, because they were not.	
Jeremiah 31:16	Thus saith the LORD; Refrain thy voice from weeping, and thine eyes from tears: for thy work shall be rewarded, saith the LORD; and they shall come again from the land of the enemy.	
Jeremiah 31:18	I have surely heard Ephraim bemoaning himself thus; Thou hast chastised me, and I was chastised, as a bullock unaccustomed to the yoke: turn thou me, and I shall be turned; for thou art the LORD my God.	
Jeremiah 31:22	How long wilt thou go about, O thou backsliding daughter? for the LORD hath created a new thing in the earth, A woman shall compass a man.	
Jeremiah 31:23	Thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; As yet they shall use this speech in the land of Judah and in the cities thereof, when I shall bring again their captivity; The LORD bless thee, O habitation of justice, and mountain of holiness.	
Jeremiah 31:26	Upon this I awaked, and beheld; and my sleep was sweet unto me.	
Jeremiah 31:30	But every one shall die for his own iniquity: every man that eateth the sour grape, his teeth shall be set on edge.	
Jeremiah 31:38	Behold, the days come, saith the LORD, that the city shall be built to the LORD from the tower of Hananeel unto the gate of the corner.	
Jeremiah 31:4	Again I will build thee, and thou shalt be built, O virgin of Israel: thou shalt again be adorned with thy tabrets, and shalt go forth in the dances of them that make merry.	
Jeremiah 31:40	And the whole valley of the dead bodies, and of the ashes, and all the fields unto the brook of Kidron, unto the corner of the horse gate toward the east, shall be holy unto the LORD; it shall not be plucked up, nor thrown down any more for ever.	
Jeremiah 32:2	For then the king of Babylon's army besieged Jerusalem: and Jeremiah the prophet was shut up in the court of the prison, which was in the king of Judah's house.	
Jeremiah 32:25	And thou hast said unto me, O Lord GOD, Buy thee the field for money, and take witnesses; for the city is given into the hand of the Chaldeans.	
Jeremiah 32:27	Behold, I am the LORD, the God of all flesh: is there any thing too hard for me?	
Jeremiah 32:32	Because of all the evil of the children of Israel and of the children of Judah, which they have done to provoke me to anger, they, their kings, their princes, their priests, and their prophets, and the men of Judah, and the inhabitants of Jerusalem.	
Jeremiah 32:33	And they have turned unto me the back, and not the face: though I taught them, rising up early and teaching them, yet they have not hearkened to receive instruction.	
Jeremiah 32:36	And now therefore thus saith the LORD, the God of Israel, concerning this city, whereof ye say, It shall be delivered into the hand of the king of Babylon by the sword, and by the famine, and by the pestilence;	
Jeremiah 32:37	Behold, I will gather them out of all countries, whither I have driven them in mine anger, and in my fury, and in great wrath; and I will bring them again unto this place, and I will cause them to dwell safely:	
Jeremiah 32:40	And I will make an everlasting covenant with them, that I will not turn away from them, to do them good; but I will put my fear in their hearts, that they shall not depart from me.	
Jeremiah 32:41	Yea, I will rejoice over them to do them good, and I will plant them in this land assuredly with my whole heart and with my whole soul.	
Jeremiah 32:42	For thus saith the LORD; Like as I have brought all this great evil upon this people, so will I bring upon them all the good that I have promised them.	
Jeremiah 32:43	And fields shall be bought in this land, whereof ye say, It is desolate without man or beast; it is given into the hand of the Chaldeans.	
Jeremiah 33:11	The voice of joy, and the voice of gladness, the voice of the bridegroom, and the voice of the bride, the voice of them that shall say, Praise the LORD of hosts: for the LORD is good; for his mercy endureth for ever: and of them that shall bring the sacrifice of praise into the house of the LORD. For I will cause to return the captivity of the land, as at the first, saith the LORD.	
Jeremiah 33:19	And the word of the LORD came unto Jeremiah, saying,	
Jeremiah 33:22	As the host of heaven cannot be numbered, neither the sand of the sea measured: so will I multiply the seed of David my servant, and the Levites that minister unto me.	
Jeremiah 33:23	Moreover the word of the LORD came to Jeremiah, saying,	
Jeremiah 33:26	Then will I cast away the seed of Jacob and David my servant, so that I will not take any of his seed to be rulers over the seed of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob: for I will cause their captivity to return, and have mercy on them.	
Jeremiah 33:5	They come to fight with the Chaldeans, but it is to fill them with the dead bodies of men, whom I have slain in mine anger and in my fury, and for all whose wickedness I have hid my face from this city.	
Jeremiah 34:1	The word which came unto Jeremiah from the LORD, when Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon, and all his army, and all the kingdoms of the earth of his dominion, and all the people, fought against Jerusalem, and against all the cities thereof, saying,	
Jeremiah 34:12	Therefore the word of the LORD came to Jeremiah from the LORD, saying,	
Jeremiah 34:14	At the end of seven years let ye go every man his brother an Hebrew, which hath been sold unto thee; and when he hath served thee six years, thou shalt let him go free from thee: but your fathers hearkened not unto me, neither inclined their ear.	
Jeremiah 34:17	Therefore thus saith the LORD; Ye have not hearkened unto me, in proclaiming liberty, every one to his brother, and every man to his neighbour: behold, I proclaim a liberty for you, saith the LORD, to the sword, to the pestilence, and to the famine; and I will make you to be removed into all the kingdoms of the earth.	
Jeremiah 34:6	Then Jeremiah the prophet spake all these words unto Zedekiah king of Judah in Jerusalem,	
Jeremiah 34:7	When the king of Babylon's army fought against Jerusalem, and against all the cities of Judah that were left, against Lachish, and against Azekah: for these defenced cities remained of the cities of Judah.	
Jeremiah 35:3	Then I took Jaazaniah the son of Jeremiah, the son of Habaziniah, and his brethren, and all his sons, and the whole house of the Rechabites;	
Jeremiah 35:6	But they said, We will drink no wine: for Jonadab the son of Rechab our father commanded us, saying, Ye shall drink no wine, neither ye, nor your sons for ever:	
Jeremiah 36:14	Therefore all the princes sent Jehudi the son of Nethaniah, the son of Shelemiah, the son of Cushi, unto Baruch, saying, Take in thine hand the roll wherein thou hast read in the ears of the people, and come. So Baruch the son of Neriah took the roll in his hand, and came unto them.	
Jeremiah 36:18	Then Baruch answered them, He pronounced all these words unto me with his mouth, and I wrote them with ink in the book.	
Jeremiah 36:2	Take thee a roll of a book, and write therein all the words that I have spoken unto thee against Israel, and against Judah, and against all the nations, from the day I spake unto thee, from the days of Josiah, even unto this day.	
Jeremiah 36:20	And they went in to the king into the court, but they laid up the roll in the chamber of Elishama the scribe, and told all the words in the ears of the king.	
Jeremiah 36:23	And it came to pass, that when Jehudi had read three or four leaves, he cut it with the penknife, and cast it into the fire that was on the hearth, until all the roll was consumed in the fire that was on the hearth.	
Jeremiah 36:28	Take thee again another roll, and write in it all the former words that were in the first roll, which Jehoiakim the king of Judah hath burned.	
Jeremiah 36:5	And Jeremiah commanded Baruch, saying, I am shut up; I cannot go into the house of the LORD:	
Jeremiah 36:6	Therefore go thou, and read in the roll, which thou hast written from my mouth, the words of the LORD in the ears of the people in the LORD's house upon the fasting day: and also thou shalt read them in the ears of all Judah that come out of their cities.	
Jeremiah 36:8	And Baruch the son of Neriah did according to all that Jeremiah the prophet commanded him, reading in the book the words of the LORD in the LORD's house.	
Jeremiah 37:11	And it came to pass, that when the army of the Chaldeans was broken up from Jerusalem for fear of Pharaoh's army,	
Jeremiah 37:2	But neither he, nor his servants, nor the people of the land, did hearken unto the words of the LORD, which he spake by the prophet Jeremiah.	
Jeremiah 37:9	Thus saith the LORD; Deceive not yourselves, saying, The Chaldeans shall surely depart from us: for they shall not depart.	
Jeremiah 38:11	So Ebedmelech took the men with him, and went into the house of the king under the treasury, and took thence old cast clouts and old rotten rags, and let them down by cords into the dungeon to Jeremiah.	
Jeremiah 38:15	Then Jeremiah said unto Zedekiah, If I declare it unto thee, wilt thou not surely put me to death? and if I give thee counsel, wilt thou not hearken unto me?	
Jeremiah 38:22	And, behold, all the women that are left in the king of Judah's house shall be brought forth to the king of Babylon's princes, and those women shall say, Thy friends have set thee on, and have prevailed against thee: thy feet are sunk in the mire, and they are turned away back.	
Jeremiah 38:24	Then said Zedekiah unto Jeremiah, Let no man know of these words, and thou shalt not die.	
Jeremiah 38:26	Then thou shalt say unto them, I presented my supplication before the king, that he would not cause me to return to Jonathan's house, to die there.	
Jeremiah 38:27	Then came all the princes unto Jeremiah, and asked him: and he told them according to all these words that the king had commanded. So they left off speaking with him; for the matter was not perceived.	
Jeremiah 38:4	Therefore the princes said unto the king, We beseech thee, let this man be put to death: for thus he weakeneth the hands of the men of war that remain in this city, and the hands of all the people, in speaking such words unto them: for this man seeketh not the welfare of this people, but the hurt.	
Jeremiah 38:9	My lord the king, these men have done evil in all that they have done to Jeremiah the prophet, whom they have cast into the dungeon; and he is like to die for hunger in the place where he is: for there is no more bread in the city.	
Jeremiah 39:1	In the ninth year of Zedekiah king of Judah, in the tenth month, came Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon and all his army against Jerusalem, and they besieged it.	
Jeremiah 39:12	Take him, and look well to him, and do him no harm; but do unto him even as he shall say unto thee.	
Jeremiah 39:18	For I will surely deliver thee, and thou shalt not fall by the sword, but thy life shall be for a prey unto thee: because thou hast put thy trust in me, saith the LORD.	
Jeremiah 39:4	And it came to pass, that when Zedekiah the king of Judah saw them, and all the men of war, then they fled, and went forth out of the city by night, by the way of the king's garden, by the gate betwixt the two walls: and he went out the way of the plain.	
Jeremiah 39:9	Then Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard carried away captive into Babylon the remnant of the people that remained in the city, and those that fell away, that fell to him, with the rest of the people that remained.	
Jeremiah 3:12	Go and proclaim these words toward the north, and say, Return, thou backsliding Israel, saith the LORD; and I will not cause mine anger to fall upon you: for I am merciful, saith the LORD, and I will not keep anger for ever.	
Jeremiah 3:18	In those days the house of Judah shall walk with the house of Israel, and they shall come together out of the land of the north to the land that I have given for an inheritance unto your fathers.	
Jeremiah 3:20	Surely as a wife treacherously departeth from her husband, so have ye dealt treacherously with me, O house of Israel, saith the LORD.	
Jeremiah 3:21	A voice was heard upon the high places, weeping and supplications of the children of Israel: for they have perverted their way, and they have forgotten the LORD their God.	
Jeremiah 3:22	Return, ye backsliding children, and I will heal your backslidings. Behold, we come unto thee; for thou art the LORD our God.	
Jeremiah 40:1	The word that came to Jeremiah from the LORD, after that Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard had let him go from Ramah, when he had taken him being bound in chains among all that were carried away captive of Jerusalem and Judah, which were carried away captive unto Babylon.	
Jeremiah 40:16	But Gedaliah the son of Ahikam said unto Johanan the son of Kareah, Thou shalt not do this thing: for thou speakest falsely of Ishmael.	
Jeremiah 40:2	And the captain of the guard took Jeremiah, and said unto him, The LORD thy God hath pronounced this evil upon this place.	
Jeremiah 41:1	Now it came to pass in the seventh month, that Ishmael the son of Nethaniah the son of Elishama, of the seed royal, and the princes of the king, even ten men with him, came unto Gedaliah the son of Ahikam to Mizpah; and there they did eat bread together in Mizpah.	
Jeremiah 41:10	Then Ishmael carried away captive all the residue of the people that were in Mizpah, even the king's daughters, and all the people that remained in Mizpah, whom Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard had committed to Gedaliah the son of Ahikam: and Ishmael the son of Nethaniah carried them away captive, and departed to go over to the Ammonites.	
Jeremiah 41:12	Then they took all the men, and went to fight with Ishmael the son of Nethaniah, and found him by the great waters that are in Gibeon.	
Jeremiah 41:14	So all the people that Ishmael had carried away captive from Mizpah cast about and returned, and went unto Johanan the son of Kareah.	
Jeremiah 41:18	Because of the Chaldeans: for they were afraid of them, because Ishmael the son of Nethaniah had slain Gedaliah the son of Ahikam, whom the king of Babylon made governor in the land.	
Jeremiah 41:8	But ten men were found among them that said unto Ishmael, Slay us not: for we have treasures in the field, of wheat, and of barley, and of oil, and of honey. So he forbare, and slew them not among their brethren.	
Jeremiah 41:9	Now the pit wherein Ishmael had cast all the dead bodies of the men, whom he had slain because of Gedaliah, was it which Asa the king had made for fear of Baasha king of Israel: and Ishmael the son of Nethaniah filled it with them that were slain.	
Jeremiah 42:14	Saying, No; but we will go into the land of Egypt, where we shall see no war, nor hear the sound of the trumpet, nor have hunger of bread; and there will we dwell:	
Jeremiah 42:18	For thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; As mine anger and my fury hath been poured forth upon the inhabitants of Jerusalem; so shall my fury be poured forth upon you, when ye shall enter into Egypt: and ye shall be an execration, and an astonishment, and a curse, and a reproach; and ye shall see this place no more.	
Jeremiah 42:2	And said unto Jeremiah the prophet, Let, we beseech thee, our supplication be accepted before thee, and pray for us unto the LORD thy God, even for all this remnant; (for we are left but a few of many, as thine eyes do behold us:)	
Jeremiah 42:20	For ye dissembled in your hearts, when ye sent me unto the LORD your God, saying, Pray for us unto the LORD our God; and according unto all that the LORD our God shall say, so declare unto us, and we will do it.	
Jeremiah 42:21	And now I have this day declared it to you; but ye have not obeyed the voice of the LORD your God, nor any thing for the which he hath sent me unto you.	
Jeremiah 42:8	Then called he Johanan the son of Kareah, and all the captains of the forces which were with him, and all the people from the least even to the greatest,	
Jeremiah 43:1	And it came to pass, that when Jeremiah had made an end of speaking unto all the people all the words of the LORD their God, for which the LORD their God had sent him to them, even all these words,	
Jeremiah 43:11	And when he cometh, he shall smite the land of Egypt, and deliver such as are for death to death; and such as are for captivity to captivity; and such as are for the sword to the sword.	
Jeremiah 43:5	But Johanan the son of Kareah, and all the captains of the forces, took all the remnant of Judah, that were returned from all nations, whither they had been driven, to dwell in the land of Judah;	
Jeremiah 43:7	So they came into the land of Egypt: for they obeyed not the voice of the LORD: thus came they even to Tahpanhes.	
Jeremiah 44:1	The word that came to Jeremiah concerning all the Jews which dwell in the land of Egypt, which dwell at Migdol, and at Tahpanhes, and at Noph, and in the country of Pathros, saying,	
Jeremiah 44:11	Therefore thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; Behold, I will set my face against you for evil, and to cut off all Judah.	
Jeremiah 44:16	As for the word that thou hast spoken unto us in the name of the LORD, we will not hearken unto thee.	
Jeremiah 44:18	But since we left off to burn incense to the queen of heaven, and to pour out drink offerings unto her, we have wanted all things, and have been consumed by the sword and by the famine.	
Jeremiah 44:19	And when we burned incense to the queen of heaven, and poured out drink offerings unto her, did we make her cakes to worship her, and pour out drink offerings unto her, without our men?	
Jeremiah 44:20	Then Jeremiah said unto all the people, to the men, and to the women, and to all the people which had given him that answer, saying,	
Jeremiah 44:24	Moreover Jeremiah said unto all the people, and to all the women, Hear the word of the LORD, all Judah that are in the land of Egypt:	
Jeremiah 44:25	Thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel, saying; Ye and your wives have both spoken with your mouths, and fulfilled with your hand, saying, We will surely perform our vows that we have vowed, to burn incense to the queen of heaven, and to pour out drink offerings unto her: ye will surely accomplish your vows, and surely perform your vows.	
Jeremiah 44:30	Thus saith the LORD; Behold, I will give Pharaohhophra king of Egypt into the hand of his enemies, and into the hand of them that seek his life; as I gave Zedekiah king of Judah into the hand of Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon, his enemy, and that sought his life.	
Jeremiah 44:6	Wherefore my fury and mine anger was poured forth, and was kindled in the cities of Judah and in the streets of Jerusalem; and they are wasted and desolate, as at this day.	
Jeremiah 44:8	In that ye provoke me unto wrath with the works of your hands, burning incense unto other gods in the land of Egypt, whither ye be gone to dwell, that ye might cut yourselves off, and that ye might be a curse and a reproach among all the nations of the earth?	
Jeremiah 45:1	The word that Jeremiah the prophet spake unto Baruch the son of Neriah, when he had written these words in a book at the mouth of Jeremiah, in the fourth year of Jehoiakim the son of Josiah king of Judah, saying,	
Jeremiah 46:10	For this is the day of the Lord GOD of hosts, a day of vengeance, that he may avenge him of his adversaries: and the sword shall devour, and it shall be satiate and made drunk with their blood: for the Lord GOD of hosts hath a sacrifice in the north country by the river Euphrates.	
Jeremiah 46:11	Go up into Gilead, and take balm, O virgin, the daughter of Egypt: in vain shalt thou use many medicines; for thou shalt not be cured.	
Jeremiah 46:14	Declare ye in Egypt, and publish in Migdol, and publish in Noph and in Tahpanhes: say ye, Stand fast, and prepare thee; for the sword shall devour round about thee.	
Jeremiah 46:15	Why are thy valiant men swept away? they stood not, because the LORD did drive them.	
Jeremiah 46:19	O thou daughter dwelling in Egypt, furnish thyself to go into captivity: for Noph shall be waste and desolate without an inhabitant.	
Jeremiah 46:23	They shall cut down her forest, saith the LORD, though it cannot be searched; because they are more than the grasshoppers, and are innumerable.	
Jeremiah 46:26	And I will deliver them into the hand of those that seek their lives, and into the hand of Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon, and into the hand of his servants: and afterward it shall be inhabited, as in the days of old, saith the LORD.	
Jeremiah 46:4	Harness the horses; and get up, ye horsemen, and stand forth with your helmets; furbish the spears, and put on the brigandines.	
Jeremiah 46:8	Egypt riseth up like a flood, and his waters are moved like the rivers; and he saith, I will go up, and will cover the earth; I will destroy the city and the inhabitants thereof.	
Jeremiah 46:9	Come up, ye horses; and rage, ye chariots; and let the mighty men come forth; the Ethiopians and the Libyans, that handle the shield; and the Lydians, that handle and bend the bow.	
Jeremiah 48:11	Moab hath been at ease from his youth, and he hath settled on his lees, and hath not been emptied from vessel to vessel, neither hath he gone into captivity: therefore his taste remained in him, and his scent is not changed.	
Jeremiah 48:20	Moab is confounded; for it is broken down: howl and cry; tell ye it in Arnon, that Moab is spoiled,	
Jeremiah 48:22	And upon Dibon, and upon Nebo, and upon Bethdiblathaim,	
Jeremiah 48:27	For was not Israel a derision unto thee? was he found among thieves? for since thou spakest of him, thou skippedst for joy.	
Jeremiah 48:31	Therefore will I howl for Moab, and I will cry out for all Moab; mine heart shall mourn for the men of Kirheres.	
Jeremiah 48:33	And joy and gladness is taken from the plentiful field, and from the land of Moab, and I have caused wine to fail from the winepresses: none shall tread with shouting; their shouting shall be no shouting.	
Jeremiah 48:34	From the cry of Heshbon even unto Elealeh, and even unto Jahaz, have they uttered their voice, from Zoar even unto Horonaim, as an heifer of three years old: for the waters also of Nimrim shall be desolate.	
Jeremiah 48:35	Moreover I will cause to cease in Moab, saith the LORD, him that offereth in the high places, and him that burneth incense to his gods.	
Jeremiah 48:4	Moab is destroyed; her little ones have caused a cry to be heard.	
Jeremiah 48:45	They that fled stood under the shadow of Heshbon because of the force: but a fire shall come forth out of Heshbon, and a flame from the midst of Sihon, and shall devour the corner of Moab, and the crown of the head of the tumultuous ones.	
Jeremiah 48:6	Flee, save your lives, and be like the heath in the wilderness.	
Jeremiah 49:1	Concerning the Ammonites, thus saith the LORD; Hath Israel no sons? hath he no heir? why then doth their king inherit Gad, and his people dwell in his cities?	
Jeremiah 49:11	Leave thy fatherless children, I will preserve them alive; and let thy widows trust in me.	
Jeremiah 49:15	For, lo, I will make thee small among the heathen, and despised among men.	
Jeremiah 49:21	The earth is moved at the noise of their fall, at the cry the noise thereof was heard in the Red sea.	
Jeremiah 49:24	Damascus is waxed feeble, and turneth herself to flee, and fear hath seized on her: anguish and sorrows have taken her, as a woman in travail.	
Jeremiah 49:29	Their tents and their flocks shall they take away: they shall take to themselves their curtains, and all their vessels, and their camels; and they shall cry unto them, Fear is on every side.	
Jeremiah 49:38	And I will set my throne in Elam, and will destroy from thence the king and the princes, saith the LORD.	
Jeremiah 4:1	If thou wilt return, O Israel, saith the LORD, return unto me: and if thou wilt put away thine abominations out of my sight, then shalt thou not remove.	
Jeremiah 4:10	Then said I, Ah, Lord GOD! surely thou hast greatly deceived this people and Jerusalem, saying, Ye shall have peace; whereas the sword reacheth unto the soul.	
Jeremiah 4:12	Even a full wind from those places shall come unto me: now also will I give sentence against them.	
Jeremiah 4:13	Behold, he shall come up as clouds, and his chariots shall be as a whirlwind: his horses are swifter than eagles. Woe unto us! for we are spoiled.	
Jeremiah 4:14	O Jerusalem, wash thine heart from wickedness, that thou mayest be saved. How long shall thy vain thoughts lodge within thee?	
Jeremiah 4:25	I beheld, and, lo, there was no man, and all the birds of the heavens were fled.	
Jeremiah 4:3	For thus saith the LORD to the men of Judah and Jerusalem, Break up your fallow ground, and sow not among thorns.	
Jeremiah 4:5	Declare ye in Judah, and publish in Jerusalem; and say, Blow ye the trumpet in the land: cry, gather together, and say, Assemble yourselves, and let us go into the defenced cities.	
Jeremiah 50:11	Because ye were glad, because ye rejoiced, O ye destroyers of mine heritage, because ye are grown fat as the heifer at grass, and bellow as bulls;	
Jeremiah 50:17	Israel is a scattered sheep; the lions have driven him away: first the king of Assyria hath devoured him; and last this Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon hath broken his bones.	
Jeremiah 50:20	In those days, and in that time, saith the LORD, the iniquity of Israel shall be sought for, and there shall be none; and the sins of Judah, and they shall not be found: for I will pardon them whom I reserve.	
Jeremiah 50:30	Therefore shall her young men fall in the streets, and all her men of war shall be cut off in that day, saith the LORD.	
Jeremiah 50:33	Thus saith the LORD of hosts; The children of Israel and the children of Judah were oppressed together: and all that took them captives held them fast; they refused to let them go.	
Jeremiah 50:4	In those days, and in that time, saith the LORD, the children of Israel shall come, they and the children of Judah together, going and weeping: they shall go, and seek the LORD their God.	
Jeremiah 50:40	As God overthrew Sodom and Gomorrah and the neighbour cities thereof, saith the LORD; so shall no man abide there, neither shall any son of man dwell therein.	
Jeremiah 50:45	Therefore hear ye the counsel of the LORD, that he hath taken against Babylon; and his purposes, that he hath purposed against the land of the Chaldeans: Surely the least of the flock shall draw them out: surely he shall make their habitation desolate with them.	
Jeremiah 51:10	The LORD hath brought forth our righteousness: come, and let us declare in Zion the work of the LORD our God.	
Jeremiah 51:13	O thou that dwellest upon many waters, abundant in treasures, thine end is come, and the measure of thy covetousness.	
Jeremiah 51:19	The portion of Jacob is not like them; for he is the former of all things: and Israel is the rod of his inheritance: the LORD of hosts is his name.	
Jeremiah 51:2	And will send unto Babylon fanners, that shall fan her, and shall empty her land: for in the day of trouble they shall be against her round about.	
Jeremiah 51:23	I will also break in pieces with thee the shepherd and his flock; and with thee will I break in pieces the husbandman and his yoke of oxen; and with thee will I break in pieces captains and rulers.	
Jeremiah 51:28	Prepare against her the nations with the kings of the Medes, the captains thereof, and all the rulers thereof, and all the land of his dominion.	
Jeremiah 51:37	And Babylon shall become heaps, a dwellingplace for dragons, an astonishment, and an hissing, without an inhabitant.	
Jeremiah 51:40	I will bring them down like lambs to the slaughter, like rams with he goats.	
Jeremiah 51:41	How is Sheshach taken! and how is the praise of the whole earth surprised! how is Babylon become an astonishment among the nations!	
Jeremiah 51:42	The sea is come up upon Babylon: she is covered with the multitude of the waves thereof.	
Jeremiah 51:44	And I will punish Bel in Babylon, and I will bring forth out of his mouth that which he hath swallowed up: and the nations shall not flow together any more unto him: yea, the wall of Babylon shall fall.	
Jeremiah 51:48	Then the heaven and the earth, and all that is therein, shall sing for Babylon: for the spoilers shall come unto her from the north, saith the LORD.	
Jeremiah 51:52	Wherefore, behold, the days come, saith the LORD, that I will do judgment upon her graven images: and through all her land the wounded shall groan.	
Jeremiah 51:58	Thus saith the LORD of hosts; The broad walls of Babylon shall be utterly broken, and her high gates shall be burned with fire; and the people shall labour in vain, and the folk in the fire, and they shall be weary.	
Jeremiah 51:62	Then shalt thou say, O LORD, thou hast spoken against this place, to cut it off, that none shall remain in it, neither man nor beast, but that it shall be desolate for ever.	
Jeremiah 52:1	Zedekiah was one and twenty years old when he began to reign, and he reigned eleven years in Jerusalem. And his mother's name was Hamutal the daughter of Jeremiah of Libnah.	
Jeremiah 52:18	The caldrons also, and the shovels, and the snuffers, and the bowls, and the spoons, and all the vessels of brass wherewith they ministered, took they away.	
Jeremiah 52:2	And he did that which was evil in the eyes of the LORD, according to all that Jehoiakim had done.	
Jeremiah 52:20	The two pillars, one sea, and twelve brasen bulls that were under the bases, which king Solomon had made in the house of the LORD: the brass of all these vessels was without weight.	
Jeremiah 52:21	And concerning the pillars, the height of one pillar was eighteen cubits; and a fillet of twelve cubits did compass it; and the thickness thereof was four fingers: it was hollow.	
Jeremiah 52:22	And a chapiter of brass was upon it; and the height of one chapiter was five cubits, with network and pomegranates upon the chapiters round about, all of brass. The second pillar also and the pomegranates were like unto these.	
Jeremiah 52:23	And there were ninety and six pomegranates on a side; and all the pomegranates upon the network were an hundred round about.	
Jeremiah 52:26	So Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard took them, and brought them to the king of Babylon to Riblah.	
Jeremiah 52:30	In the three and twentieth year of Nebuchadrezzar Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard carried away captive of the Jews seven hundred forty and five persons: all the persons were four thousand and six hundred.	
Jeremiah 52:32	And spake kindly unto him, and set his throne above the throne of the kings that were with him in Babylon,	
Jeremiah 5:12	They have belied the LORD, and said, It is not he; neither shall evil come upon us; neither shall we see sword nor famine:	
Jeremiah 5:13	And the prophets shall become wind, and the word is not in them: thus shall it be done unto them.	
Jeremiah 5:14	Wherefore thus saith the LORD God of hosts, Because ye speak this word, behold, I will make my words in thy mouth fire, and this people wood, and it shall devour them.	
Jeremiah 5:16	Their quiver is as an open sepulchre, they are all mighty men.	
Jeremiah 5:17	And they shall eat up thine harvest, and thy bread, which thy sons and thy daughters should eat: they shall eat up thy flocks and thine herds: they shall eat up thy vines and thy fig trees: they shall impoverish thy fenced cities, wherein thou trustedst, with the sword.	
Jeremiah 5:2	And though they say, The LORD liveth; surely they swear falsely.	
Jeremiah 5:21	Hear now this, O foolish people, and without understanding; which have eyes, and see not; which have ears, and hear not:	
Jeremiah 5:30	A wonderful and horrible thing is committed in the land;	
Jeremiah 6:22	Thus saith the LORD, Behold, a people cometh from the north country, and a great nation shall be raised from the sides of the earth.	
Jeremiah 6:25	Go not forth into the field, nor walk by the way; for the sword of the enemy and fear is on every side.	
Jeremiah 6:3	The shepherds with their flocks shall come unto her; they shall pitch their tents against her round about; they shall feed every one in his place.	
Jeremiah 6:30	Reprobate silver shall men call them, because the LORD hath rejected them.	
Jeremiah 7:10	And come and stand before me in this house, which is called by my name, and say, We are delivered to do all these abominations?	
Jeremiah 7:11	Is this house, which is called by my name, become a den of robbers in your eyes? Behold, even I have seen it, saith the LORD.	
Jeremiah 7:14	Therefore will I do unto this house, which is called by my name, wherein ye trust, and unto the place which I gave to you and to your fathers, as I have done to Shiloh.	
Jeremiah 7:15	And I will cast you out of my sight, as I have cast out all your brethren, even the whole seed of Ephraim.	
Jeremiah 7:18	The children gather wood, and the fathers kindle the fire, and the women knead their dough, to make cakes to the queen of heaven, and to pour out drink offerings unto other gods, that they may provoke me to anger.	
Jeremiah 7:20	Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, mine anger and my fury shall be poured out upon this place, upon man, and upon beast, and upon the trees of the field, and upon the fruit of the ground; and it shall burn, and shall not be quenched.	
Jeremiah 7:27	Therefore thou shalt speak all these words unto them; but they will not hearken to thee: thou shalt also call unto them; but they will not answer thee.	
Jeremiah 7:28	But thou shalt say unto them, This is a nation that obeyeth not the voice of the LORD their God, nor receiveth correction: truth is perished, and is cut off from their mouth.	
Jeremiah 7:31	And they have built the high places of Tophet, which is in the valley of the son of Hinnom, to burn their sons and their daughters in the fire; which I commanded them not, neither came it into my heart.	
Jeremiah 7:33	And the carcases of this people shall be meat for the fowls of the heaven, and for the beasts of the earth; and none shall fray them away.	
Jeremiah 7:34	Then will I cause to cease from the cities of Judah, and from the streets of Jerusalem, the voice of mirth, and the voice of gladness, the voice of the bridegroom, and the voice of the bride: for the land shall be desolate.	
Jeremiah 7:5	For if ye throughly amend your ways and your doings; if ye throughly execute judgment between a man and his neighbour;	
Jeremiah 7:9	Will ye steal, murder, and commit adultery, and swear falsely, and burn incense unto Baal, and walk after other gods whom ye know not;	
Jeremiah 8:1	At that time, saith the LORD, they shall bring out the bones of the kings of Judah, and the bones of his princes, and the bones of the priests, and the bones of the prophets, and the bones of the inhabitants of Jerusalem, out of their graves:	
Jeremiah 8:10	Therefore will I give their wives unto others, and their fields to them that shall inherit them: for every one from the least even unto the greatest is given to covetousness, from the prophet even unto the priest every one dealeth falsely.	
Jeremiah 8:11	For they have healed the hurt of the daughter of my people slightly, saying, Peace, peace; when there is no peace.	
Jeremiah 8:15	We looked for peace, but no good came; and for a time of health, and behold trouble!	
Jeremiah 8:16	The snorting of his horses was heard from Dan: the whole land trembled at the sound of the neighing of his strong ones; for they are come, and have devoured the land, and all that is in it; the city, and those that dwell therein.	
Jeremiah 8:2	And they shall spread them before the sun, and the moon, and all the host of heaven, whom they have loved, and whom they have served, and after whom they have walked, and whom they have sought, and whom they have worshipped: they shall not be gathered, nor be buried; they shall be for dung upon the face of the earth.	
Jeremiah 8:20	The harvest is past, the summer is ended, and we are not saved.	
Jeremiah 8:21	For the hurt of the daughter of my people am I hurt; I am black; astonishment hath taken hold on me.	
Jeremiah 9:1	Oh that my head were waters, and mine eyes a fountain of tears, that I might weep day and night for the slain of the daughter of my people!	
Jeremiah 9:14	But have walked after the imagination of their own heart, and after Baalim, which their fathers taught them:	
Jeremiah 9:16	I will scatter them also among the heathen, whom neither they nor their fathers have known: and I will send a sword after them, till I have consumed them.	
Jeremiah 9:22	Speak, Thus saith the LORD, Even the carcases of men shall fall as dung upon the open field, and as the handful after the harvestman, and none shall gather them.	
Jeremiah 9:6	Thine habitation is in the midst of deceit; through deceit they refuse to know me, saith the LORD.	
Job 10:1	My soul is weary of my life; I will leave my complaint upon myself; I will speak in the bitterness of my soul.	
Job 10:11	Thou hast clothed me with skin and flesh, and hast fenced me with bones and sinews.	
Job 10:12	Thou hast granted me life and favour, and thy visitation hath preserved my spirit.	
Job 10:13	And these things hast thou hid in thine heart: I know that this is with thee.	
Job 10:17	Thou renewest thy witnesses against me, and increasest thine indignation upon me; changes and war are against me.	
Job 10:2	I will say unto God, Do not condemn me; shew me wherefore thou contendest with me.	
Job 11:15	For then shalt thou lift up thy face without spot; yea, thou shalt be stedfast, and shalt not fear:	
Job 11:17	And thine age shall be clearer than the noonday: thou shalt shine forth, thou shalt be as the morning.	
Job 11:18	And thou shalt be secure, because there is hope; yea, thou shalt dig about thee, and thou shalt take thy rest in safety.	
Job 11:19	Also thou shalt lie down, and none shall make thee afraid; yea, many shall make suit unto thee.	
Job 11:2	Should not the multitude of words be answered? and should a man full of talk be justified?	
Job 11:7	Canst thou by searching find out God? canst thou find out the Almighty unto perfection?	
Job 11:8	It is as high as heaven; what canst thou do? deeper than hell; what canst thou know?	
Job 11:9	The measure thereof is longer than the earth, and broader than the sea.	
Job 12:10	In whose hand is the soul of every living thing, and the breath of all mankind.	
Job 12:11	Doth not the ear try words? and the mouth taste his meat?	
Job 12:17	He leadeth counsellors away spoiled, and maketh the judges fools.	
Job 12:21	He poureth contempt upon princes, and weakeneth the strength of the mighty.	
Job 13:10	He will surely reprove you, if ye do secretly accept persons.	
Job 13:12	Your remembrances are like unto ashes, your bodies to bodies of clay.	
Job 13:18	Behold now, I have ordered my cause; I know that I shall be justified.	
Job 13:23	How many are mine iniquities and sins? make me to know my transgression and my sin.	
Job 13:27	Thou puttest my feet also in the stocks, and lookest narrowly unto all my paths; thou settest a print upon the heels of my feet.	
Job 13:6	Hear now my reasoning, and hearken to the pleadings of my lips.	
Job 14:11	As the waters fail from the sea, and the flood decayeth and drieth up:	
Job 14:2	He cometh forth like a flower, and is cut down: he fleeth also as a shadow, and continueth not.	
Job 14:4	Who can bring a clean thing out of an unclean? not one.	
Job 14:5	Seeing his days are determined, the number of his months are with thee, thou hast appointed his bounds that he cannot pass;	
Job 14:6	Turn from him, that he may rest, till he shall accomplish, as an hireling, his day.	
Job 14:7	For there is hope of a tree, if it be cut down, that it will sprout again, and that the tender branch thereof will not cease.	
Job 15:19	Unto whom alone the earth was given, and no stranger passed among them.	
Job 15:20	The wicked man travaileth with pain all his days, and the number of years is hidden to the oppressor.	
Job 15:32	It shall be accomplished before his time, and his branch shall not be green.	
Job 15:33	He shall shake off his unripe grape as the vine, and shall cast off his flower as the olive.	
Job 15:35	They conceive mischief, and bring forth vanity, and their belly prepareth deceit.	
Job 15:6	Thine own mouth condemneth thee, and not I: yea, thine own lips testify against thee.	
Job 16:11	God hath delivered me to the ungodly, and turned me over into the hands of the wicked.	
Job 16:13	His archers compass me round about, he cleaveth my reins asunder, and doth not spare; he poureth out my gall upon the ground.	
Job 16:17	Not for any injustice in mine hands: also my prayer is pure.	
Job 16:8	And thou hast filled me with wrinkles, which is a witness against me: and my leanness rising up in me beareth witness to my face.	
Job 17:1	My breath is corrupt, my days are extinct, the graves are ready for me.	
Job 17:12	They change the night into day: the light is short because of darkness.	
Job 17:15	And where is now my hope? as for my hope, who shall see it?	
Job 17:4	For thou hast hid their heart from understanding: therefore shalt thou not exalt them.	
Job 17:9	The righteous also shall hold on his way, and he that hath clean hands shall be stronger and stronger.	
Job 18:1	Then answered Bildad the Shuhite, and said,	
Job 18:10	The snare is laid for him in the ground, and a trap for him in the way.	
Job 18:14	His confidence shall be rooted out of his tabernacle, and it shall bring him to the king of terrors.	
Job 18:19	He shall neither have son nor nephew among his people, nor any remaining in his dwellings.	
Job 18:3	Wherefore are we counted as beasts, and reputed vile in your sight?	
Job 18:7	The steps of his strength shall be straitened, and his own counsel shall cast him down.	
Job 19:12	His troops come together, and raise up their way against me, and encamp round about my tabernacle.	
Job 19:13	He hath put my brethren far from me, and mine acquaintance are verily estranged from me.	
Job 19:16	I called my servant, and he gave me no answer; I intreated him with my mouth.	
Job 19:17	My breath is strange to my wife, though I intreated for the children's sake of mine own body.	
Job 19:24	That they were graven with an iron pen and lead in the rock for ever!	
Job 19:6	Know now that God hath overthrown me, and hath compassed me with his net.	
Job 19:7	Behold, I cry out of wrong, but I am not heard: I cry aloud, but there is no judgment.	
Job 1:16	While he was yet speaking, there came also another, and said, The fire of God is fallen from heaven, and hath burned up the sheep, and the servants, and consumed them; and I only am escaped alone to tell thee.	
Job 1:18	While he was yet speaking, there came also another, and said, Thy sons and thy daughters were eating and drinking wine in their eldest brother's house:	
Job 1:8	And the LORD said unto Satan, Hast thou considered my servant Job, that there is none like him in the earth, a perfect and an upright man, one that feareth God, and escheweth evil?	
Job 20:19	Because he hath oppressed and hath forsaken the poor; because he hath violently taken away an house which he builded not;	
Job 20:2	Therefore do my thoughts cause me to answer, and for this I make haste.	
Job 20:20	Surely he shall not feel quietness in his belly, he shall not save of that which he desired.	
Job 20:21	There shall none of his meat be left; therefore shall no man look for his goods.	
Job 20:6	Though his excellency mount up to the heavens, and his head reach unto the clouds;	
Job 20:8	He shall fly away as a dream, and shall not be found: yea, he shall be chased away as a vision of the night.	
Job 21:14	Therefore they say unto God, Depart from us; for we desire not the knowledge of thy ways.	
Job 21:15	What is the Almighty, that we should serve him? and what profit should we have, if we pray unto him?	
Job 21:16	Lo, their good is not in their hand: the counsel of the wicked is far from me.	
Job 21:32	Yet shall he be brought to the grave, and shall remain in the tomb.	
Job 21:6	Even when I remember I am afraid, and trembling taketh hold on my flesh.	
Job 22:11	Or darkness, that thou canst not see; and abundance of waters cover thee.	
Job 22:12	Is not God in the height of heaven? and behold the height of the stars, how high they are!	
Job 22:28	Thou shalt also decree a thing, and it shall be established unto thee: and the light shall shine upon thy ways.	
Job 22:29	When men are cast down, then thou shalt say, There is lifting up; and he shall save the humble person.	
Job 22:5	Is not thy wickedness great? and thine iniquities infinite?	
Job 23:13	But he is in one mind, and who can turn him? and what his soul desireth, even that he doeth.	
Job 23:14	For he performeth the thing that is appointed for me: and many such things are with him.	
Job 23:16	For God maketh my heart soft, and the Almighty troubleth me:	
Job 23:2	Even to day is my complaint bitter: my stroke is heavier than my groaning.	
Job 23:9	On the left hand, where he doth work, but I cannot behold him: he hideth himself on the right hand, that I cannot see him:	
Job 24:10	They cause him to go naked without clothing, and they take away the sheaf from the hungry;	
Job 24:17	For the morning is to them even as the shadow of death: if one know them, they are in the terrors of the shadow of death.	
Job 24:21	He evil entreateth the barren that beareth not: and doeth not good to the widow.	
Job 24:24	They are exalted for a little while, but are gone and brought low; they are taken out of the way as all other, and cut off as the tops of the ears of corn.	
Job 24:4	They turn the needy out of the way: the poor of the earth hide themselves together.	
Job 24:5	Behold, as wild asses in the desert, go they forth to their work; rising betimes for a prey: the wilderness yieldeth food for them and for their children.	
Job 24:7	They cause the naked to lodge without clothing, that they have no covering in the cold.	
Job 25:1	Then answered Bildad the Shuhite, and said,	
Job 25:3	Is there any number of his armies? and upon whom doth not his light arise?	
Job 26:10	He hath compassed the waters with bounds, until the day and night come to an end.	
Job 26:2	How hast thou helped him that is without power? how savest thou the arm that hath no strength?	
Job 26:7	He stretcheth out the north over the empty place, and hangeth the earth upon nothing.	
Job 26:9	He holdeth back the face of his throne, and spreadeth his cloud upon it.	
Job 27:14	If his children be multiplied, it is for the sword: and his offspring shall not be satisfied with bread.	
Job 27:18	He buildeth his house as a moth, and as a booth that the keeper maketh.	
Job 27:19	The rich man shall lie down, but he shall not be gathered: he openeth his eyes, and he is not.	
Job 27:23	Men shall clap their hands at him, and shall hiss him out of his place.	
Job 27:4	My lips shall not speak wickedness, nor my tongue utter deceit.	
Job 27:7	Let mine enemy be as the wicked, and he that riseth up against me as the unrighteous.	
Job 28:14	The depth saith, It is not in me: and the sea saith, It is not with me.	
Job 28:15	It cannot be gotten for gold, neither shall silver be weighed for the price thereof.	
Job 28:2	Iron is taken out of the earth, and brass is molten out of the stone.	
Job 28:21	Seeing it is hid from the eyes of all living, and kept close from the fowls of the air.	
Job 28:6	The stones of it are the place of sapphires: and it hath dust of gold.	
Job 29:18	Then I said, I shall die in my nest, and I shall multiply my days as the sand.	
Job 29:22	After my words they spake not again; and my speech dropped upon them.	
Job 29:24	If I laughed on them, they believed it not; and the light of my countenance they cast not down.	
Job 29:4	As I was in the days of my youth, when the secret of God was upon my tabernacle;	
Job 29:5	When the Almighty was yet with me, when my children were about me;	
Job 29:8	The young men saw me, and hid themselves: and the aged arose, and stood up.	
Job 29:9	The princes refrained talking, and laid their hand on their mouth.	
Job 2:3	And the LORD said unto Satan, Hast thou considered my servant Job, that there is none like him in the earth, a perfect and an upright man, one that feareth God, and escheweth evil? and still he holdeth fast his integrity, although thou movedst me against him, to destroy him without cause.	
Job 2:5	But put forth thine hand now, and touch his bone and his flesh, and he will curse thee to thy face.	
Job 30:14	They came upon me as a wide breaking in of waters: in the desolation they rolled themselves upon me.	
Job 30:22	Thou liftest me up to the wind; thou causest me to ride upon it, and dissolvest my substance.	
Job 30:27	My bowels boiled, and rested not: the days of affliction prevented me.	
Job 30:3	For want and famine they were solitary; fleeing into the wilderness in former time desolate and waste.	
Job 30:31	My harp also is turned to mourning, and my organ into the voice of them that weep.	
Job 31:10	Then let my wife grind unto another, and let others bow down upon her.	
Job 31:13	If I did despise the cause of my manservant or of my maidservant, when they contended with me;	
Job 31:17	Or have eaten my morsel myself alone, and the fatherless hath not eaten thereof;	
Job 31:18	(For from my youth he was brought up with me, as with a father, and I have guided her from my mother's womb;)	
Job 31:19	If I have seen any perish for want of clothing, or any poor without covering;	
Job 31:2	For what portion of God is there from above? and what inheritance of the Almighty from on high?	
Job 31:22	Then let mine arm fall from my shoulder blade, and mine arm be broken from the bone.	
Job 31:23	For destruction from God was a terror to me, and by reason of his highness I could not endure.	
Job 31:27	And my heart hath been secretly enticed, or my mouth hath kissed my hand:	
Job 31:31	If the men of my tabernacle said not, Oh that we had of his flesh! we cannot be satisfied.	
Job 31:32	The stranger did not lodge in the street: but I opened my doors to the traveller.	
Job 31:37	I would declare unto him the number of my steps; as a prince would I go near unto him.	
Job 31:4	Doth not he see my ways, and count all my steps?	
Job 32:12	Yea, I attended unto you, and, behold, there was none of you that convinced Job, or that answered his words:	
Job 32:15	They were amazed, they answered no more: they left off speaking.	
Job 32:3	Also against his three friends was his wrath kindled, because they had found no answer, and yet had condemned Job.	
Job 32:4	Now Elihu had waited till Job had spoken, because they were elder than he.	
Job 32:6	And Elihu the son of Barachel the Buzite answered and said, I am young, and ye are very old; wherefore I was afraid, and durst not shew you mine opinion.	
Job 32:8	But there is a spirit in man: and the inspiration of the Almighty giveth them understanding.	
Job 32:9	Great men are not always wise: neither do the aged understand judgment.	
Job 33:10	Behold, he findeth occasions against me, he counteth me for his enemy,	
Job 33:12	Behold, in this thou art not just: I will answer thee, that God is greater than man.	
Job 33:15	In a dream, in a vision of the night, when deep sleep falleth upon men, in slumberings upon the bed;	
Job 33:18	He keepeth back his soul from the pit, and his life from perishing by the sword.	
Job 33:23	If there be a messenger with him, an interpreter, one among a thousand, to shew unto man his uprightness:	
Job 33:32	If thou hast anything to say, answer me: speak, for I desire to justify thee.	
Job 34:11	For the work of a man shall he render unto him, and cause every man to find according to his ways.	
Job 34:15	All flesh shall perish together, and man shall turn again unto dust.	
Job 34:26	He striketh them as wicked men in the open sight of others;	
Job 34:28	So that they cause the cry of the poor to come unto him, and he heareth the cry of the afflicted.	
Job 34:3	For the ear trieth words, as the mouth tasteth meat.	
Job 34:33	Should it be according to thy mind? he will recompense it, whether thou refuse, or whether thou choose; and not I: therefore speak what thou knowest.	
Job 34:35	Job hath spoken without knowledge, and his words were without wisdom.	
Job 34:37	For he addeth rebellion unto his sin, he clappeth his hands among us, and multiplieth his words against God.	
Job 35:1	Elihu spake moreover, and said,	
Job 35:13	Surely God will not hear vanity, neither will the Almighty regard it.	
Job 35:16	Therefore doth Job open his mouth in vain; he multiplieth words without knowledge.	
Job 35:2	Thinkest thou this to be right, that thou saidst, My righteousness is more than God's?	
Job 35:9	By reason of the multitude of oppressions they make the oppressed to cry: they cry out by reason of the arm of the mighty.	
Job 36:1	Elihu also proceeded, and said,	
Job 36:13	But the hypocrites in heart heap up wrath: they cry not when he bindeth them.	
Job 36:15	He delivereth the poor in his affliction, and openeth their ears in oppression.	
Job 36:16	Even so would he have removed thee out of the strait into a broad place, where there is no straitness; and that which should be set on thy table should be full of fatness.	
Job 36:18	Because there is wrath, beware lest he take thee away with his stroke: then a great ransom cannot deliver thee.	
Job 36:26	Behold, God is great, and we know him not, neither can the number of his years be searched out.	
Job 36:28	Which the clouds do drop and distil upon man abundantly.	
Job 36:29	Also can any understand the spreadings of the clouds, or the noise of his tabernacle?	
Job 36:3	I will fetch my knowledge from afar, and will ascribe righteousness to my Maker.	
Job 36:31	For by them judgeth he the people; he giveth meat in abundance.	
Job 36:32	With clouds he covereth the light; and commandeth it not to shine by the cloud that cometh betwixt.	
Job 36:6	He preserveth not the life of the wicked: but giveth right to the poor.	
Job 36:7	He withdraweth not his eyes from the righteous: but with kings are they on the throne; yea, he doth establish them for ever, and they are exalted.	
Job 36:8	And if they be bound in fetters, and be holden in cords of affliction;	
Job 37:11	Also by watering he wearieth the thick cloud: he scattereth his bright cloud:	
Job 37:12	And it is turned round about by his counsels: that they may do whatsoever he commandeth them upon the face of the world in the earth.	
Job 37:13	He causeth it to come, whether for correction, or for his land, or for mercy.	
Job 37:18	Hast thou with him spread out the sky, which is strong, and as a molten looking glass?	
Job 37:22	Fair weather cometh out of the north: with God is terrible majesty.	
Job 37:7	He sealeth up the hand of every man; that all men may know his work.	
Job 38:1	Then the LORD answered Job out of the whirlwind, and said,	
Job 38:10	And brake up for it my decreed place, and set bars and doors,	
Job 38:16	Hast thou entered into the springs of the sea? or hast thou walked in the search of the depth?	
Job 38:20	That thou shouldest take it to the bound thereof, and that thou shouldest know the paths to the house thereof?	
Job 38:3	Gird up now thy loins like a man; for I will demand of thee, and answer thou me.	
Job 38:38	When the dust groweth into hardness, and the clods cleave fast together?	
Job 38:6	Whereupon are the foundations thereof fastened? or who laid the corner stone thereof;	
Job 39:1	Knowest thou the time when the wild goats of the rock bring forth? or canst thou mark when the hinds do calve?	
Job 39:23	The quiver rattleth against him, the glittering spear and the shield.	
Job 39:24	He swalloweth the ground with fierceness and rage: neither believeth he that it is the sound of the trumpet.	
Job 39:3	They bow themselves, they bring forth their young ones, they cast out their sorrows.	
Job 39:8	The range of the mountains is his pasture, and he searcheth after every green thing.	
Job 3:10	Because it shut not up the doors of my mother's womb, nor hid sorrow from mine eyes.	
Job 3:11	Why died I not from the womb? why did I not give up the ghost when I came out of the belly?	
Job 3:13	For now should I have lain still and been quiet, I should have slept: then had I been at rest,	
Job 3:17	There the wicked cease from troubling; and there the weary be at rest.	
Job 3:2	And Job spake, and said,	
Job 3:23	Why is light given to a man whose way is hid, and whom God hath hedged in?	
Job 3:26	I was not in safety, neither had I rest, neither was I quiet; yet trouble came.	
Job 3:5	Let darkness and the shadow of death stain it; let a cloud dwell upon it; let the blackness of the day terrify it.	
Job 3:6	As for that night, let darkness seize upon it; let it not be joined unto the days of the year, let it not come into the number of the months.	
Job 3:9	Let the stars of the twilight thereof be dark; let it look for light, but have none; neither let it see the dawning of the day:	
Job 40:10	Deck thyself now with majesty and excellency; and array thyself with glory and beauty.	
Job 40:22	The shady trees cover him with their shadow; the willows of the brook compass him about.	
Job 40:24	He taketh it with his eyes: his nose pierceth through snares.	
Job 40:6	Then answered the LORD unto Job out of the whirlwind, and said,	
Job 41:12	I will not conceal his parts, nor his power, nor his comely proportion.	
Job 41:14	Who can open the doors of his face? his teeth are terrible round about.	
Job 41:15	His scales are his pride, shut up together as with a close seal.	
Job 41:17	They are joined one to another, they stick together, that they cannot be sundered.	
Job 41:19	Out of his mouth go burning lamps, and sparks of fire leap out.	
Job 41:21	His breath kindleth coals, and a flame goeth out of his mouth.	
Job 41:27	He esteemeth iron as straw, and brass as rotten wood.	
Job 41:30	Sharp stones are under him: he spreadeth sharp pointed things upon the mire.	
Job 41:34	He beholdeth all high things: he is a king over all the children of pride.	
Job 41:7	Canst thou fill his skin with barbed irons? or his head with fish spears?	
Job 41:8	Lay thine hand upon him, remember the battle, do no more.	
Job 41:9	Behold, the hope of him is in vain: shall not one be cast down even at the sight of him?	
Job 42:11	Then came there unto him all his brethren, and all his sisters, and all they that had been of his acquaintance before, and did eat bread with him in his house: and they bemoaned him, and comforted him over all the evil that the LORD had brought upon him: every man also gave him a piece of money, and every one an earring of gold.	
Job 42:13	He had also seven sons and three daughters.	
Job 42:2	I know that thou canst do every thing, and that no thought can be withholden from thee.	
Job 42:6	Wherefore I abhor myself, and repent in dust and ashes.	
Job 4:11	The old lion perisheth for lack of prey, and the stout lion's whelps are scattered abroad.	
Job 4:12	Now a thing was secretly brought to me, and mine ear received a little thereof.	
Job 4:14	Fear came upon me, and trembling, which made all my bones to shake.	
Job 4:21	Doth not their excellency which is in them go away? they die, even without wisdom.	
Job 4:5	But now it is come upon thee, and thou faintest; it toucheth thee, and thou art troubled.	
Job 4:6	Is not this thy fear, thy confidence, thy hope, and the uprightness of thy ways?	
Job 4:9	By the blast of God they perish, and by the breath of his nostrils are they consumed.	
Job 5:19	He shall deliver thee in six troubles: yea, in seven there shall no evil touch thee.	
Job 5:2	For wrath killeth the foolish man, and envy slayeth the silly one.	
Job 5:22	At destruction and famine thou shalt laugh: neither shalt thou be afraid of the beasts of the earth.	
Job 5:25	Thou shalt know also that thy seed shall be great, and thine offspring as the grass of the earth.	
Job 6:17	What time they wax warm, they vanish: when it is hot, they are consumed out of their place.	
Job 6:18	The paths of their way are turned aside; they go to nothing, and perish.	
Job 6:19	The troops of Tema looked, the companies of Sheba waited for them.	
Job 6:25	How forcible are right words! but what doth your arguing reprove?	
Job 7:15	So that my soul chooseth strangling, and death rather than my life.	
Job 7:17	What is man, that thou shouldest magnify him? and that thou shouldest set thine heart upon him?	
Job 7:20	I have sinned; what shall I do unto thee, O thou preserver of men? why hast thou set me as a mark against thee, so that I am a burden to myself?	
Job 7:5	My flesh is clothed with worms and clods of dust; my skin is broken, and become loathsome.	
Job 8:11	Can the rush grow up without mire? can the flag grow without water?	
Job 8:12	Whilst it is yet in his greenness, and not cut down, it withereth before any other herb.	
Job 8:14	Whose hope shall be cut off, and whose trust shall be a spider's web.	
Job 8:15	He shall lean upon his house, but it shall not stand: he shall hold it fast, but it shall not endure.	
Job 8:20	Behold, God will not cast away a perfect man, neither will he help the evil doers:	
Job 8:21	Till he fill thy mouth with laughing, and thy lips with rejoicing.	
Job 8:3	Doth God pervert judgment? or doth the Almighty pervert justice?	
Job 8:5	If thou wouldest seek unto God betimes, and make thy supplication to the Almighty;	
Job 9:17	For he breaketh me with a tempest, and multiplieth my wounds without cause.	
Job 9:22	This is one thing, therefore I said it, He destroyeth the perfect and the wicked.	
Job 9:23	If the scourge slay suddenly, he will laugh at the trial of the innocent.	
Job 9:26	They are passed away as the swift ships: as the eagle that hasteth to the prey.	
Job 9:29	If I be wicked, why then labour I in vain?	
Job 9:3	If he will contend with him, he cannot answer him one of a thousand.	
Job 9:32	For he is not a man, as I am, that I should answer him, and we should come together in judgment.	
Job 9:34	Let him take his rod away from me, and let not his fear terrify me:	
Job 9:9	Which maketh Arcturus, Orion, and Pleiades, and the chambers of the south.	
Joel 1:9	The meat offering and the drink offering is cut off from the house of the LORD; the priests, the LORD's ministers, mourn.	
Joel 2:11	And the LORD shall utter his voice before his army: for his camp is very great: for he is strong that executeth his word: for the day of the LORD is great and very terrible; and who can abide it?	
Joel 2:13	And rend your heart, and not your garments, and turn unto the LORD your God: for he is gracious and merciful, slow to anger, and of great kindness, and repenteth him of the evil.	
Joel 2:15	Blow the trumpet in Zion, sanctify a fast, call a solemn assembly:	
Joel 2:17	Let the priests, the ministers of the LORD, weep between the porch and the altar, and let them say, Spare thy people, O LORD, and give not thine heritage to reproach, that the heathen should rule over them: wherefore should they say among the people, Where is their God?	
Joel 2:22	Be not afraid, ye beasts of the field: for the pastures of the wilderness do spring, for the tree beareth her fruit, the fig tree and the vine do yield their strength.	
Joel 2:25	And I will restore to you the years that the locust hath eaten, the cankerworm, and the caterpiller, and the palmerworm, my great army which I sent among you.	
Joel 2:29	And also upon the servants and upon the handmaids in those days will I pour out my spirit.	
Joel 2:30	And I will shew wonders in the heavens and in the earth, blood, and fire, and pillars of smoke.	
Joel 2:4	The appearance of them is as the appearance of horses; and as horsemen, so shall they run.	
Joel 2:9	They shall run to and fro in the city; they shall run upon the wall, they shall climb up upon the houses; they shall enter in at the windows like a thief.	
Joel 3:13	Put ye in the sickle, for the harvest is ripe: come, get you down; for the press is full, the fats overflow; for their wickedness is great.	
Joel 3:16	The LORD also shall roar out of Zion, and utter his voice from Jerusalem; and the heavens and the earth shall shake: but the LORD will be the hope of his people, and the strength of the children of Israel.	
Joel 3:17	So shall ye know that I am the LORD your God dwelling in Zion, my holy mountain: then shall Jerusalem be holy, and there shall no strangers pass through her any more.	
Joel 3:19	Egypt shall be a desolation, and Edom shall be a desolate wilderness, for the violence against the children of Judah, because they have shed innocent blood in their land.	
Joel 3:21	For I will cleanse their blood that I have not cleansed: for the LORD dwelleth in Zion.	
Joel 3:3	And they have cast lots for my people; and have given a boy for an harlot, and sold a girl for wine, that they might drink.	
Joel 3:8	And I will sell your sons and your daughters into the hand of the children of Judah, and they shall sell them to the Sabeans, to a people far off: for the LORD hath spoken it.	
John 10:12	But he that is an hireling, and not the shepherd, whose own the sheep are not, seeth the wolf coming, and leaveth the sheep, and fleeth: and the wolf catcheth them, and scattereth the sheep.	
John 10:2	But he that entereth in by the door is the shepherd of the sheep.	
John 10:20	And many of them said, He hath a devil, and is mad; why hear ye him?	
John 10:22	And it was at Jerusalem the feast of the dedication, and it was winter.	
John 10:29	My Father, which gave them me, is greater than all; and no man is able to pluck them out of my Father's hand.	
John 10:3	To him the porter openeth; and the sheep hear his voice: and he calleth his own sheep by name, and leadeth them out.	
John 10:32	Jesus answered them, Many good works have I shewed you from my Father; for which of those works do ye stone me?	
John 10:35	If he called them gods, unto whom the word of God came, and the scripture cannot be broken;	
John 10:38	But if I do, though ye believe not me, believe the works: that ye may know, and believe, that the Father is in me, and I in him.	
John 10:5	And a stranger will they not follow, but will flee from him: for they know not the voice of strangers.	
John 10:8	All that ever came before me are thieves and robbers: but the sheep did not hear them.	
John 11:11	These things said he: and after that he saith unto them, Our friend Lazarus sleepeth; but I go, that I may awake him out of sleep.	
John 11:12	Then said his disciples, Lord, if he sleep, he shall do well.	
John 11:25	Jesus said unto her, I am the resurrection, and the life: he that believeth in me, though he were dead, yet shall he live:	
John 11:26	And whosoever liveth and believeth in me shall never die. Believest thou this?	
John 11:3	Therefore his sisters sent unto him, saying, Lord, behold, he whom thou lovest is sick.	
John 11:30	Now Jesus was not yet come into the town, but was in that place where Martha met him.	
John 11:32	Then when Mary was come where Jesus was, and saw him, she fell down at his feet, saying unto him, Lord, if thou hadst been here, my brother had not died.	
John 11:34	And said, Where have ye laid him? They said unto him, Lord, come and see.	
John 11:36	Then said the Jews, Behold how he loved him!	
John 11:4	When Jesus heard that, he said, This sickness is not unto death, but for the glory of God, that the Son of God might be glorified thereby.	
John 11:42	And I knew that thou hearest me always: but because of the people which stand by I said it, that they may believe that thou hast sent me.	
John 11:44	And he that was dead came forth, bound hand and foot with graveclothes: and his face was bound about with a napkin. Jesus saith unto them, Loose him, and let him go.	
John 11:45	Then many of the Jews which came to Mary, and had seen the things which Jesus did, believed on him.	
John 11:5	Now Jesus loved Martha, and her sister, and Lazarus.	
John 11:51	And this spake he not of himself: but being high priest that year, he prophesied that Jesus should die for that nation;	
John 11:53	Then from that day forth they took counsel together for to put him to death.	
John 11:55	And the Jews' passover was nigh at hand: and many went out of the country up to Jerusalem before the passover, to purify themselves.	
John 11:56	Then sought they for Jesus, and spake among themselves, as they stood in the temple, What think ye, that he will not come to the feast?	
John 12:16	These things understood not his disciples at the first: but when Jesus was glorified, then remembered they that these things were written of him, and that they had done these things unto him.	
John 12:19	The Pharisees therefore said among themselves, Perceive ye how ye prevail nothing? behold, the world is gone after him.	
John 12:22	Philip cometh and telleth Andrew: and again Andrew and Philip tell Jesus.	
John 12:28	Father, glorify thy name. Then came there a voice from heaven, saying, I have both glorified it, and will glorify it again.	
John 12:30	Jesus answered and said, This voice came not because of me, but for your sakes.	
John 12:34	The people answered him, We have heard out of the law that Christ abideth for ever: and how sayest thou, The Son of man must be lifted up? who is this Son of man?	
John 12:36	While ye have light, believe in the light, that ye may be the children of light. These things spake Jesus, and departed, and did hide himself from them.	
John 12:37	But though he had done so many miracles before them, yet they believed not on him:	
John 12:43	For they loved the praise of men more than the praise of God.	
John 12:48	He that rejecteth me, and receiveth not my words, hath one that judgeth him: the word that I have spoken, the same shall judge him in the last day.	
John 12:5	Why was not this ointment sold for three hundred pence, and given to the poor?	
John 12:50	And I know that his commandment is life everlasting: whatsoever I speak therefore, even as the Father said unto me, so I speak.	
John 12:6	This he said, not that he cared for the poor; but because he was a thief, and had the bag, and bare what was put therein.	
John 12:7	Then said Jesus, Let her alone: against the day of my burying hath she kept this.	
John 12:8	For the poor always ye have with you; but me ye have not always.	
John 13:1	Now before the feast of the passover, when Jesus knew that his hour was come that he should depart out of this world unto the Father, having loved his own which were in the world, he loved them unto the end.	
John 13:11	For he knew who should betray him; therefore said he, Ye are not all clean.	
John 13:13	Ye call me Master and Lord: and ye say well; for so I am.	
John 13:19	Now I tell you before it come, that, when it is come to pass, ye may believe that I am he.	
John 13:21	When Jesus had thus said, he was troubled in spirit, and testified, and said, Verily, verily, I say unto you, that one of you shall betray me.	
John 13:25	He then lying on Jesus' breast saith unto him, Lord, who is it?	
John 13:26	Jesus answered, He it is, to whom I shall give a sop, when I have dipped it. And when he had dipped the sop, he gave it to Judas Iscariot, the son of Simon.	
John 13:29	For some of them thought, because Judas had the bag, that Jesus had said unto him, Buy those things that we have need of against the feast; or, that he should give something to the poor.	
John 13:32	If God be glorified in him, God shall also glorify him in himself, and shall straightway glorify him.	
John 13:35	By this shall all men know that ye are my disciples, if ye have love one to another.	
John 13:38	Jesus answered him, Wilt thou lay down thy life for my sake? Verily, verily, I say unto thee, The cock shall not crow, till thou hast denied me thrice.	
John 13:8	Peter saith unto him, Thou shalt never wash my feet. Jesus answered him, If I wash thee not, thou hast no part with me.	
John 14:11	Believe me that I am in the Father, and the Father in me: or else believe me for the very works' sake.	
John 14:19	Yet a little while, and the world seeth me no more; but ye see me: because I live, ye shall live also.	
John 14:25	These things have I spoken unto you, being yet present with you.	
John 14:28	Ye have heard how I said unto you, I go away, and come again unto you. If ye loved me, ye would rejoice, because I said, I go unto the Father: for my Father is greater than I.	
John 14:29	And now I have told you before it come to pass, that, when it is come to pass, ye might believe.	
John 14:4	And whither I go ye know, and the way ye know.	
John 14:5	Thomas saith unto him, Lord, we know not whither thou goest; and how can we know the way?	
John 14:6	Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by me.	
John 15:14	Ye are my friends, if ye do whatsoever I command you.	
John 15:17	These things I command you, that ye love one another.	
John 15:19	If ye were of the world, the world would love his own: but because ye are not of the world, but I have chosen you out of the world, therefore the world hateth you.	
John 15:4	Abide in me, and I in you. As the branch cannot bear fruit of itself, except it abide in the vine; no more can ye, except ye abide in me.	
John 15:6	If a man abide not in me, he is cast forth as a branch, and is withered; and men gather them, and cast them into the fire, and they are burned.	
John 16:1	These things have I spoken unto you, that ye should not be offended.	
John 16:10	Of righteousness, because I go to my Father, and ye see me no more;	
John 16:18	They said therefore, What is this that he saith, A little while? we cannot tell what he saith.	
John 16:20	Verily, verily, I say unto you, That ye shall weep and lament, but the world shall rejoice: and ye shall be sorrowful, but your sorrow shall be turned into joy.	
John 16:32	Behold, the hour cometh, yea, is now come, that ye shall be scattered, every man to his own, and shall leave me alone: and yet I am not alone, because the Father is with me.	
John 16:33	These things I have spoken unto you, that in me ye might have peace. In the world ye shall have tribulation: but be of good cheer; I have overcome the world.	
John 16:5	But now I go my way to him that sent me; and none of you asketh me, Whither goest thou?	
John 17:10	And all mine are thine, and thine are mine; and I am glorified in them.	
John 17:2	As thou hast given him power over all flesh, that he should give eternal life to as many as thou hast given him.	
John 17:26	And I have declared unto them thy name, and will declare it: that the love wherewith thou hast loved me may be in them, and I in them.	
John 17:5	And now, O Father, glorify thou me with thine own self with the glory which I had with thee before the world was.	
John 17:8	For I have given unto them the words which thou gavest me; and they have received them, and have known surely that I came out from thee, and they have believed that thou didst send me.	
John 17:9	I pray for them: I pray not for the world, but for them which thou hast given me; for they are thine.	
John 18:11	Then said Jesus unto Peter, Put up thy sword into the sheath: the cup which my Father hath given me, shall I not drink it?	
John 18:17	Then saith the damsel that kept the door unto Peter, Art not thou also one of this man's disciples? He saith, I am not.	
John 18:18	And the servants and officers stood there, who had made a fire of coals; for it was cold: and they warmed themselves: and Peter stood with them, and warmed himself.	
John 18:19	The high priest then asked Jesus of his disciples, and of his doctrine.	
John 18:22	And when he had thus spoken, one of the officers which stood by struck Jesus with the palm of his hand, saying, Answerest thou the high priest so?	
John 18:24	Now Annas had sent him bound unto Caiaphas the high priest.	
John 18:27	Peter then denied again: and immediately the cock crew.	
John 18:31	Then said Pilate unto them, Take ye him, and judge him according to your law. The Jews therefore said unto him, It is not lawful for us to put any man to death:	
John 18:34	Jesus answered him, Sayest thou this thing of thyself, or did others tell it thee of me?	
John 18:35	Pilate answered, Am I a Jew? Thine own nation and the chief priests have delivered thee unto me: what hast thou done?	
John 18:40	Then cried they all again, saying, Not this man, but Barabbas. Now Barabbas was a robber.	
John 19:1	Then Pilate therefore took Jesus, and scourged him.	
John 19:19	And Pilate wrote a title, and put it on the cross. And the writing was JESUS OF NAZARETH THE KING OF THE JEWS.	
John 19:25	Now there stood by the cross of Jesus his mother, and his mother's sister, Mary the wife of Cleophas, and Mary Magdalene.	
John 19:26	When Jesus therefore saw his mother, and the disciple standing by, whom he loved, he saith unto his mother, Woman, behold thy son!	
John 19:28	After this, Jesus knowing that all things were now accomplished, that the scripture might be fulfilled, saith, I thirst.	
John 19:29	Now there was set a vessel full of vinegar: and they filled a spunge with vinegar, and put it upon hyssop, and put it to his mouth.	
John 19:30	When Jesus therefore had received the vinegar, he said, It is finished: and he bowed his head, and gave up the ghost.	
John 19:37	And again another scripture saith, They shall look on him whom they pierced.	
John 19:39	And there came also Nicodemus, which at the first came to Jesus by night, and brought a mixture of myrrh and aloes, about an hundred pound weight.	
John 19:6	When the chief priests therefore and officers saw him, they cried out, saying, Crucify him, crucify him. Pilate saith unto them, Take ye him, and crucify him: for I find no fault in him.	
John 19:8	When Pilate therefore heard that saying, he was the more afraid;	
John 19:9	And went again into the judgment hall, and saith unto Jesus, Whence art thou? But Jesus gave him no answer.	
John 1:11	He came unto his own, and his own received him not.	
John 1:18	No man hath seen God at any time, the only begotten Son, which is in the bosom of the Father, he hath declared him.	
John 1:19	And this is the record of John, when the Jews sent priests and Levites from Jerusalem to ask him, Who art thou?	
John 1:21	And they asked him, What then? Art thou Elias? And he saith, I am not. Art thou that prophet? And he answered, No.	
John 1:25	And they asked him, and said unto him, Why baptizest thou then, if thou be not that Christ, nor Elias, neither that prophet?	
John 1:28	These things were done in Bethabara beyond Jordan, where John was baptizing.	
John 1:30	This is he of whom I said, After me cometh a man which is preferred before me: for he was before me.	
John 1:4	In him was life; and the life was the light of men.	
John 1:42	And he brought him to Jesus. And when Jesus beheld him, he said, Thou art Simon the son of Jona: thou shalt be called Cephas, which is by interpretation, A stone.	
John 1:45	Philip findeth Nathanael, and saith unto him, We have found him, of whom Moses in the law, and the prophets, did write, Jesus of Nazareth, the son of Joseph.	
John 1:5	And the light shineth in darkness; and the darkness comprehended it not.	
John 1:8	He was not that Light, but was sent to bear witness of that Light.	
John 20:1	The first day of the week cometh Mary Magdalene early, when it was yet dark, unto the sepulchre, and seeth the stone taken away from the sepulchre.	
John 20:11	But Mary stood without at the sepulchre weeping: and as she wept, she stooped down, and looked into the sepulchre,	
John 20:13	And they say unto her, Woman, why weepest thou? She saith unto them, Because they have taken away my LORD, and I know not where they have laid him.	
John 20:3	Peter therefore went forth, and that other disciple, and came to the sepulchre.	
John 20:30	And many other signs truly did Jesus in the presence of his disciples, which are not written in this book:	
John 20:7	And the napkin, that was about his head, not lying with the linen clothes, but wrapped together in a place by itself.	
John 20:9	For as yet they knew not the scripture, that he must rise again from the dead.	
John 21:1	After these things Jesus shewed himself again to the disciples at the sea of Tiberias; and on this wise shewed he himself.	
John 21:17	He saith unto him the third time, Simon, son of Jonas, lovest thou me? Peter was grieved because he said unto him the third time, Lovest thou me? And he said unto him, Lord, thou knowest all things; thou knowest that I love thee. Jesus saith unto him, Feed my sheep.	
John 21:21	Peter seeing him saith to Jesus, Lord, and what shall this man do?	
John 21:3	Simon Peter saith unto them, I go a fishing. They say unto him, We also go with thee. They went forth, and entered into a ship immediately; and that night they caught nothing.	
John 21:4	But when the morning was now come, Jesus stood on the shore: but the disciples knew not that it was Jesus.	
John 21:9	As soon then as they were come to land, they saw a fire of coals there, and fish laid thereon, and bread.	
John 2:13	And the Jews' passover was at hand, and Jesus went up to Jerusalem.	
John 2:2	And both Jesus was called, and his disciples, to the marriage.	
John 2:22	When therefore he was risen from the dead, his disciples remembered that he had said this unto them; and they believed the scripture, and the word which Jesus had said.	
John 2:6	And there were set there six waterpots of stone, after the manner of the purifying of the Jews, containing two or three firkins apiece.	
John 3:13	And no man hath ascended up to heaven, but he that came down from heaven, even the Son of man which is in heaven.	
John 3:19	And this is the condemnation, that light is come into the world, and men loved darkness rather than light, because their deeds were evil.	
John 3:24	For John was not yet cast into prison.	
John 3:3	Jesus answered and said unto him, Verily, verily, I say unto thee, Except a man be born again, he cannot see the kingdom of God.	
John 3:30	He must increase, but I must decrease.	
John 3:35	The Father loveth the Son, and hath given all things into his hand.	
John 3:6	That which is born of the flesh is flesh; and that which is born of the Spirit is spirit.	
John 3:8	The wind bloweth where it listeth, and thou hearest the sound thereof, but canst not tell whence it cometh, and whither it goeth: so is every one that is born of the Spirit.	
John 4:10	Jesus answered and said unto her, If thou knewest the gift of God, and who it is that saith to thee, Give me to drink; thou wouldest have asked of him, and he would have given thee living water.	
John 4:11	The woman saith unto him, Sir, thou hast nothing to draw with, and the well is deep: from whence then hast thou that living water?	
John 4:13	Jesus answered and said unto her, Whosoever drinketh of this water shall thirst again:	
John 4:17	The woman answered and said, I have no husband. Jesus said unto her, Thou hast well said, I have no husband:	
John 4:26	Jesus saith unto her, I that speak unto thee am he.	
John 4:27	And upon this came his disciples, and marvelled that he talked with the woman: yet no man said, What seekest thou? or, Why talkest thou with her?	
John 4:33	Therefore said the disciples one to another, Hath any man brought him ought to eat?	
John 4:37	And herein is that saying true, One soweth, and another reapeth.	
John 4:4	And he must needs go through Samaria.	
John 4:40	So when the Samaritans were come unto him, they besought him that he would tarry with them: and he abode there two days.	
John 4:43	Now after two days he departed thence, and went into Galilee.	
John 4:5	Then cometh he to a city of Samaria, which is called Sychar, near to the parcel of ground that Jacob gave to his son Joseph.	
John 5:11	He answered them, He that made me whole, the same said unto me, Take up thy bed, and walk.	
John 5:13	And he that was healed wist not who it was: for Jesus had conveyed himself away, a multitude being in that place.	
John 5:14	Afterward Jesus findeth him in the temple, and said unto him, Behold, thou art made whole: sin no more, lest a worse thing come unto thee.	
John 5:25	Verily, verily, I say unto you, The hour is coming, and now is, when the dead shall hear the voice of the Son of God: and they that hear shall live.	
John 5:29	And shall come forth; they that have done good, unto the resurrection of life; and they that have done evil, unto the resurrection of damnation.	
John 5:3	In these lay a great multitude of impotent folk, of blind, halt, withered, waiting for the moving of the water.	
John 5:31	If I bear witness of myself, my witness is not true.	
John 5:34	But I receive not testimony from man: but these things I say, that ye might be saved.	
John 5:35	He was a burning and a shining light: and ye were willing for a season to rejoice in his light.	
John 5:39	Search the scriptures; for in them ye think ye have eternal life: and they are they which testify of me.	
John 5:4	For an angel went down at a certain season into the pool, and troubled the water: whosoever then first after the troubling of the water stepped in was made whole of whatsoever disease he had.	
John 5:7	The impotent man answered him, Sir, I have no man, when the water is troubled, to put me into the pool: but while I am coming, another steppeth down before me.	
John 6:10	And Jesus said, Make the men sit down. Now there was much grass in the place. So the men sat down, in number about five thousand.	
John 6:11	And Jesus took the loaves; and when he had given thanks, he distributed to the disciples, and the disciples to them that were set down; and likewise of the fishes as much as they would.	
John 6:13	Therefore they gathered them together, and filled twelve baskets with the fragments of the five barley loaves, which remained over and above unto them that had eaten.	
John 6:14	Then those men, when they had seen the miracle that Jesus did, said, This is of a truth that prophet that should come into the world.	
John 6:2	And a great multitude followed him, because they saw his miracles which he did on them that were diseased.	
John 6:26	Jesus answered them and said, Verily, verily, I say unto you, Ye seek me, not because ye saw the miracles, but because ye did eat of the loaves, and were filled.	
John 6:3	And Jesus went up into a mountain, and there he sat with his disciples.	
John 6:37	All that the Father giveth me shall come to me; and him that cometh to me I will in no wise cast out.	
John 6:4	And the passover, a feast of the Jews, was nigh.	
John 6:40	And this is the will of him that sent me, that every one which seeth the Son, and believeth on him, may have everlasting life: and I will raise him up at the last day.	
John 6:44	No man can come to me, except the Father which hath sent me draw him: and I will raise him up at the last day.	
John 6:45	It is written in the prophets, And they shall be all taught of God. Every man therefore that hath heard, and hath learned of the Father, cometh unto me.	
John 6:48	I am that bread of life.	
John 6:58	This is that bread which came down from heaven: not as your fathers did eat manna, and are dead: he that eateth of this bread shall live for ever.	
John 6:62	What and if ye shall see the Son of man ascend up where he was before?	
John 6:67	Then said Jesus unto the twelve, Will ye also go away?	
John 6:7	Philip answered him, Two hundred pennyworth of bread is not sufficient for them, that every one of them may take a little.	
John 6:70	Jesus answered them, Have not I chosen you twelve, and one of you is a devil?	
John 6:9	There is a lad here, which hath five barley loaves, and two small fishes: but what are they among so many?	
John 7:19	Did not Moses give you the law, and yet none of you keepeth the law? Why go ye about to kill me?	
John 7:2	Now the Jew's feast of tabernacles was at hand.	
John 7:20	The people answered and said, Thou hast a devil: who goeth about to kill thee?	
John 7:24	Judge not according to the appearance, but judge righteous judgment.	
John 7:25	Then said some of them of Jerusalem, Is not this he, whom they seek to kill?	
John 7:35	Then said the Jews among themselves, Whither will he go, that we shall not find him? will he go unto the dispersed among the Gentiles, and teach the Gentiles?	
John 7:39	(But this spake he of the Spirit, which they that believe on him should receive: for the Holy Ghost was not yet given; because that Jesus was not yet glorified.)	
John 7:44	And some of them would have taken him; but no man laid hands on him.	
John 7:45	Then came the officers to the chief priests and Pharisees; and they said unto them, Why have ye not brought him?	
John 7:46	The officers answered, Never man spake like this man.	
John 7:51	Doth our law judge any man, before it hear him, and know what he doeth?	
John 7:53	And every man went unto his own house.	
John 7:6	Then Jesus said unto them, My time is not yet come: but your time is alway ready.	
John 7:9	When he had said these words unto them, he abode still in Galilee.	
John 8:13	The Pharisees therefore said unto him, Thou bearest record of thyself; thy record is not true.	
John 8:19	Then said they unto him, Where is thy Father? Jesus answered, Ye neither know me, nor my Father: if ye had known me, ye should have known my Father also.	
John 8:32	And ye shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you free.	
John 8:33	They answered him, We be Abraham's seed, and were never in bondage to any man: how sayest thou, Ye shall be made free?	
John 8:39	They answered and said unto him, Abraham is our father. Jesus saith unto them, If ye were Abraham's children, ye would do the works of Abraham.	
John 8:43	Why do ye not understand my speech? even because ye cannot hear my word.	
John 8:47	He that is of God heareth God's words: ye therefore hear them not, because ye are not of God.	
John 8:51	Verily, verily, I say unto you, If a man keep my saying, he shall never see death.	
John 8:52	Then said the Jews unto him, Now we know that thou hast a devil. Abraham is dead, and the prophets; and thou sayest, If a man keep my saying, he shall never taste of death.	
John 8:8	And again he stooped down, and wrote on the ground.	
John 9:11	He answered and said, A man that is called Jesus made clay, and anointed mine eyes, and said unto me, Go to the pool of Siloam, and wash: and I went and washed, and I received sight.	
John 9:17	They say unto the blind man again, What sayest thou of him, that he hath opened thine eyes? He said, He is a prophet.	
John 9:21	But by what means he now seeth, we know not; or who hath opened his eyes, we know not: he is of age; ask him: he shall speak for himself.	
John 9:23	Therefore said his parents, He is of age; ask him.	
John 9:24	Then again called they the man that was blind, and said unto him, Give God the praise: we know that this man is a sinner.	
John 9:32	Since the world began was it not heard that any man opened the eyes of one that was born blind.	
John 9:33	If this man were not of God, he could do nothing.	
John 9:34	They answered and said unto him, Thou wast altogether born in sins, and dost thou teach us? And they cast him out.	
John 9:36	He answered and said, Who is he, Lord, that I might believe on him?	
John 9:40	And some of the Pharisees which were with him heard these words, and said unto him, Are we blind also?	
John 9:8	The neighbours therefore, and they which before had seen him that he was blind, said, Is not this he that sat and begged?	
John 9:9	Some said, This is he: others said, He is like him: but he said, I am he.	
Jonah 1:10	Then were the men exceedingly afraid, and said unto him. Why hast thou done this? For the men knew that he fled from the presence of the LORD, because he had told them.	
Jonah 1:11	Then said they unto him, What shall we do unto thee, that the sea may be calm unto us? for the sea wrought, and was tempestuous.	
Jonah 1:7	And they said every one to his fellow, Come, and let us cast lots, that we may know for whose cause this evil is upon us. So they cast lots, and the lot fell upon Jonah.	
Jonah 2:10	And the LORD spake unto the fish, and it vomited out Jonah upon the dry land.	
Jonah 2:4	Then I said, I am cast out of thy sight; yet I will look again toward thy holy temple.	
Jonah 2:5	The waters compassed me about, even to the soul: the depth closed me round about, the weeds were wrapped about my head.	
Jonah 2:6	I went down to the bottoms of the mountains; the earth with her bars was about me for ever: yet hast thou brought up my life from corruption, O LORD my God.	
Jonah 2:8	They that observe lying vanities forsake their own mercy.	
Jonah 3:1	And the word of the LORD came unto Jonah the second time, saying,	
Jonah 3:8	But let man and beast be covered with sackcloth, and cry mightily unto God: yea, let them turn every one from his evil way, and from the violence that is in their hands.	
Jonah 4:10	Then said the LORD, Thou hast had pity on the gourd, for the which thou hast not laboured, neither madest it grow; which came up in a night, and perished in a night:	
Jonah 4:5	So Jonah went out of the city, and sat on the east side of the city, and there made him a booth, and sat under it in the shadow, till he might see what would become of the city.	
Jonah 4:9	And God said to Jonah, Doest thou well to be angry for the gourd? And he said, I do well to be angry, even unto death.	
Joshua 10:15	And Joshua returned, and all Israel with him, unto the camp to Gilgal.	
Joshua 10:17	And it was told Joshua, saying, The five kings are found hid in a cave at Makkedah.	
Joshua 10:2	That they feared greatly, because Gibeon was a great city, as one of the royal cities, and because it was greater than Ai, and all the men thereof were mighty.	
Joshua 10:27	And it came to pass at the time of the going down of the sun, that Joshua commanded, and they took them down off the trees, and cast them into the cave wherein they had been hid, and laid great stones in the cave's mouth, which remain until this very day.	
Joshua 10:32	And the LORD delivered Lachish into the hand of Israel, which took it on the second day, and smote it with the edge of the sword, and all the souls that were therein, according to all that he had done to Libnah.	
Joshua 10:36	And Joshua went up from Eglon, and all Israel with him, unto Hebron; and they fought against it:	
Joshua 10:38	And Joshua returned, and all Israel with him, to Debir; and fought against it:	
Joshua 10:4	Come up unto me, and help me, that we may smite Gibeon: for it hath made peace with Joshua and with the children of Israel.	
Joshua 10:40	So Joshua smote all the country of the hills, and of the south, and of the vale, and of the springs, and all their kings: he left none remaining, but utterly destroyed all that breathed, as the LORD God of Israel commanded.	
Joshua 10:5	Therefore the five kings of the Amorites, the king of Jerusalem, the king of Hebron, the king of Jarmuth, the king of Lachish, the king of Eglon, gathered themselves together, and went up, they and all their hosts, and encamped before Gibeon, and made war against it.	
Joshua 11:10	And Joshua at that time turned back, and took Hazor, and smote the king thereof with the sword: for Hazor beforetime was the head of all those kingdoms.	
Joshua 11:11	And they smote all the souls that were therein with the edge of the sword, utterly destroying them: there was not any left to breathe: and he burnt Hazor with fire.	
Joshua 11:13	But as for the cities that stood still in their strength, Israel burned none of them, save Hazor only; that did Joshua burn.	
Joshua 11:18	Joshua made war a long time with all those kings.	
Joshua 11:21	And at that time came Joshua, and cut off the Anakims from the mountains, from Hebron, from Debir, from Anab, and from all the mountains of Judah, and from all the mountains of Israel: Joshua destroyed them utterly with their cities.	
Joshua 11:22	There was none of the Anakims left in the land of the children of Israel: only in Gaza, in Gath, and in Ashdod, there remained.	
Joshua 11:4	And they went out, they and all their hosts with them, much people, even as the sand that is upon the sea shore in multitude, with horses and chariots very many.	
Joshua 11:5	And when all these kings were met together, they came and pitched together at the waters of Merom, to fight against Israel.	
Joshua 12:1	Now these are the kings of the land, which the children of Israel smote, and possessed their land on the other side Jordan toward the rising of the sun, from the river Arnon unto mount Hermon, and all the plain on the east:	
Joshua 12:11	The king of Jarmuth, one; the king of Lachish, one;	
Joshua 12:12	The king of Eglon, one; the king of Gezer, one;	
Joshua 12:13	The king of Debir, one; the king of Geder, one;	
Joshua 12:19	The king of Madon, one; the king of Hazor, one;	
Joshua 12:20	The king of Shimronmeron, one; the king of Achshaph, one;	
Joshua 13:13	Nevertheless the children of Israel expelled not the Geshurites, nor the Maachathites: but the Geshurites and the Maachathites dwell among the Israelites until this day.	
Joshua 13:14	Only unto the tribes of Levi he gave none inheritance; the sacrifices of the LORD God of Israel made by fire are their inheritance, as he said unto them.	
Joshua 13:15	And Moses gave unto the tribe of the children of Reuben inheritance according to their families.	
Joshua 13:18	And Jahaza, and Kedemoth, and Mephaath,	
Joshua 13:2	This is the land that yet remaineth: all the borders of the Philistines, and all Geshuri,	
Joshua 13:26	And from Heshbon unto Ramathmizpeh, and Betonim; and from Mahanaim unto the border of Debir;	
Joshua 13:29	And Moses gave inheritance unto the half tribe of Manasseh: and this was the possession of the half tribe of the children of Manasseh by their families.	
Joshua 13:32	These are the countries which Moses did distribute for inheritance in the plains of Moab, on the other side Jordan, by Jericho, eastward.	
Joshua 13:33	But unto the tribe of Levi Moses gave not any inheritance: the LORD God of Israel was their inheritance, as he said unto them.	
Joshua 14:12	Now therefore give me this mountain, whereof the LORD spake in that day; for thou heardest in that day how the Anakims were there, and that the cities were great and fenced: if so be the LORD will be with me, then I shall be able to drive them out, as the LORD said.	
Joshua 14:13	And Joshua blessed him, and gave unto Caleb the son of Jephunneh Hebron for an inheritance.	
Joshua 14:15	And the name of Hebron before was Kirjatharba; which Arba was a great man among the Anakims. And the land had rest from war.	
Joshua 14:2	By lot was their inheritance, as the LORD commanded by the hand of Moses, for the nine tribes, and for the half tribe.	
Joshua 14:4	For the children of Joseph were two tribes, Manasseh and Ephraim: therefore they gave no part unto the Levites in the land, save cities to dwell in, with their suburbs for their cattle and for their substance.	
Joshua 14:7	Forty years old was I when Moses the servant of the LORD sent me from Kadeshbarnea to espy out the land; and I brought him word again as it was in mine heart.	
Joshua 15:11	And the border went out unto the side of Ekron northward: and the border was drawn to Shicron, and passed along to mount Baalah, and went out unto Jabneel; and the goings out of the border were at the sea.	
Joshua 15:16	And Caleb said, He that smiteth Kirjathsepher, and taketh it, to him will I give Achsah my daughter to wife.	
Joshua 15:18	And it came to pass, as she came unto him, that she moved him to ask of her father a field: and she lighted off her ass; and Caleb said unto her, What wouldest thou?	
Joshua 15:21	And the uttermost cities of the tribe of the children of Judah toward the coast of Edom southward were Kabzeel, and Eder, and Jagur,	
Joshua 15:23	And Kedesh, and Hazor, and Ithnan,	
Joshua 15:30	And Eltolad, and Chesil, and Hormah,	
Joshua 15:34	And Zanoah, and Engannim, Tappuah, and Enam,	
Joshua 15:37	Zenan, and Hadashah, and Migdalgad,	
Joshua 15:40	And Cabbon, and Lahmam, and Kithlish,	
Joshua 15:49	And Dannah, and Kirjathsannah, which is Debir,	
Joshua 15:50	And Anab, and Eshtemoh, and Anim,	
Joshua 15:51	And Goshen, and Holon, and Giloh; eleven cities with their villages:	
Joshua 15:52	Arab, and Dumah, and Eshean,	
Joshua 15:53	And Janum, and Bethtappuah, and Aphekah,	
Joshua 15:54	And Humtah, and Kirjatharba, which is Hebron, and Zior; nine cities with their villages:	
Joshua 15:55	Maon, Carmel, and Ziph, and Juttah,	
Joshua 15:7	And the border went up toward Debir from the valley of Achor, and so northward, looking toward Gilgal, that is before the going up to Adummim, which is on the south side of the river: and the border passed toward the waters of Enshemesh, and the goings out thereof were at Enrogel:	
Joshua 16:9	And the separate cities for the children of Ephraim were among the inheritance of the children of Manasseh, all the cities with their villages.	
Joshua 17:14	And the children of Joseph spake unto Joshua, saying, Why hast thou given me but one lot and one portion to inherit, seeing I am a great people, forasmuch as the LORD hath blessed me hitherto?	
Joshua 17:6	Because the daughters of Manasseh had an inheritance among his sons: and the rest of Manasseh's sons had the land of Gilead.	
Joshua 17:7	And the coast of Manasseh was from Asher to Michmethah, that lieth before Shechem; and the border went along on the right hand unto the inhabitants of Entappuah.	
Joshua 18:1	And the whole congregation of the children of Israel assembled together at Shiloh, and set up the tabernacle of the congregation there. And the land was subdued before them.	
Joshua 18:18	And passed along toward the side over against Arabah northward, and went down unto Arabah:	
Joshua 18:2	And there remained among the children of Israel seven tribes, which had not yet received their inheritance.	
Joshua 18:22	And Betharabah, and Zemaraim, and Bethel,	
Joshua 18:25	Gibeon, and Ramah, and Beeroth,	
Joshua 18:7	But the Levites have no part among you; for the priesthood of the LORD is their inheritance: and Gad, and Reuben, and half the tribe of Manasseh, have received their inheritance beyond Jordan on the east, which Moses the servant of the LORD gave them.	
Joshua 18:8	And the men arose, and went away: and Joshua charged them that went to describe the land, saying, Go and walk through the land, and describe it, and come again to me, that I may here cast lots for you before the LORD in Shiloh.	
Joshua 19:13	And from thence passeth on along on the east to Gittahhepher, to Ittahkazin, and goeth out to Remmonmethoar to Neah;	
Joshua 19:14	And the border compasseth it on the north side to Hannathon: and the outgoings thereof are in the valley of Jiphthahel:	
Joshua 19:19	And Haphraim, and Shihon, and Anaharath,	
Joshua 19:21	And Remeth, and Engannim, and Enhaddah, and Bethpazzez;	
Joshua 19:22	And the coast reacheth to Tabor, and Shahazimah, and Bethshemesh; and the outgoings of their border were at Jordan: sixteen cities with their villages.	
Joshua 19:24	And the fifth lot came out for the tribe of the children of Asher according to their families.	
Joshua 19:44	And Eltekeh, and Gibbethon, and Baalath,	
Joshua 19:47	And the coast of the children of Dan went out too little for them: therefore the children of Dan went up to fight against Leshem, and took it, and smote it with the edge of the sword, and possessed it, and dwelt therein, and called Leshem, Dan, after the name of Dan their father.	
Joshua 1:11	Pass through the host, and command the people, saying, Prepare you victuals; for within three days ye shall pass over this Jordan, to go in to possess the land, which the LORD your God giveth you to possess it.	
Joshua 1:5	There shall not any man be able to stand before thee all the days of thy life: as I was with Moses, so I will be with thee: I will not fail thee, nor forsake thee.	
Joshua 1:8	This book of the law shall not depart out of thy mouth; but thou shalt meditate therein day and night, that thou mayest observe to do according to all that is written therein: for then thou shalt make thy way prosperous, and then thou shalt have good success.	
Joshua 20:6	And he shall dwell in that city, until he stand before the congregation for judgment, and until the death of the high priest that shall be in those days: then shall the slayer return, and come unto his own city, and unto his own house, unto the city from whence he fled.	
Joshua 21:17	And out of the tribe of Benjamin, Gibeon with her suburbs, Geba with her suburbs,	
Joshua 21:27	And unto the children of Gershon, of the families of the Levites, out of the other half tribe of Manasseh they gave Golan in Bashan with her suburbs, to be a city of refuge for the slayer; and Beeshterah with her suburbs; two cities.	
Joshua 21:28	And out of the tribe of Issachar, Kishon with her suburbs, Dabareh with her suburbs,	
Joshua 21:32	And out of the tribe of Naphtali, Kedesh in Galilee with her suburbs, to be a city of refuge for the slayer; and Hammothdor with her suburbs, and Kartan with her suburbs; three cities.	
Joshua 21:34	And unto the families of the children of Merari, the rest of the Levites, out of the tribe of Zebulun, Jokneam with her suburbs, and Kartah with her suburbs,	
Joshua 21:39	Heshbon with her suburbs, Jazer with her suburbs; four cities in all.	
Joshua 21:40	So all the cities for the children of Merari by their families, which were remaining of the families of the Levites, were by their lot twelve cities.	
Joshua 21:8	And the children of Israel gave by lot unto the Levites these cities with their suburbs, as the LORD commanded by the hand of Moses.	
Joshua 22:11	And the children of Israel heard say, Behold, the children of Reuben and the children of Gad and the half tribe of Manasseh have built an altar over against the land of Canaan, in the borders of Jordan, at the passage of the children of Israel.	
Joshua 22:15	And they came unto the children of Reuben, and to the children of Gad, and to the half tribe of Manasseh, unto the land of Gilead, and they spake with them, saying,	
Joshua 22:19	Notwithstanding, if the land of your possession be unclean, then pass ye over unto the land of the possession of the LORD, wherein the LORD's tabernacle dwelleth, and take possession among us: but rebel not against the LORD, nor rebel against us, in building you an altar beside the altar of the LORD our God.	
Joshua 22:28	Therefore said we, that it shall be, when they should so say to us or to our generations in time to come, that we may say again, Behold the pattern of the altar of the LORD, which our fathers made, not for burnt offerings, nor for sacrifices; but it is a witness between us and you.	
Joshua 22:29	God forbid that we should rebel against the LORD, and turn this day from following the LORD, to build an altar for burnt offerings, for meat offerings, or for sacrifices, beside the altar of the LORD our God that is before his tabernacle.	
Joshua 22:3	Ye have not left your brethren these many days unto this day, but have kept the charge of the commandment of the LORD your God.	
Joshua 22:5	But take diligent heed to do the commandment and the law, which Moses the servant of the LORD charged you, to love the LORD your God, and to walk in all his ways, and to keep his commandments, and to cleave unto him, and to serve him with all your heart and with all your soul.	
Joshua 22:6	So Joshua blessed them, and sent them away: and they went unto their tents.	
Joshua 22:9	And the children of Reuben and the children of Gad and the half tribe of Manasseh returned, and departed from the children of Israel out of Shiloh, which is in the land of Canaan, to go unto the country of Gilead, to the land of their possession, whereof they were possessed, according to the word of the LORD by the hand of Moses.	
Joshua 23:1	And it came to pass a long time after that the LORD had given rest unto Israel from all their enemies round about, that Joshua waxed old and stricken in age.	
Joshua 23:11	Take good heed therefore unto yourselves, that ye love the LORD your God.	
Joshua 23:12	Else if ye do in any wise go back, and cleave unto the remnant of these nations, even these that remain among you, and shall make marriages with them, and go in unto them, and they to you:	
Joshua 24:11	And you went over Jordan, and came unto Jericho: and the men of Jericho fought against you, the Amorites, and the Perizzites, and the Canaanites, and the Hittites, and the Girgashites, the Hivites, and the Jebusites; and I delivered them into your hand.	
Joshua 24:13	And I have given you a land for which ye did not labor, and cities which ye built not, and ye dwell in them; of the vineyards and oliveyards which ye planted not do ye eat.	
Joshua 24:14	Now therefore fear the LORD, and serve him in sincerity and in truth: and put away the gods which your fathers served on the other side of the flood, and in Egypt; and serve ye the LORD.	
Joshua 24:16	And the people answered and said, God forbid that we should forsake the LORD, to serve other gods;	
Joshua 24:30	And they buried him in the border of his inheritance in Timnathserah, which is in mount Ephraim, on the north side of the hill of Gaash.	
Joshua 24:5	I sent Moses also and Aaron, and I plagued Egypt, according to that which I did among them: and afterward I brought you out.	
Joshua 24:7	And when they cried unto the LORD, he put darkness between you and the Egyptians, and brought the sea upon them, and covered them; and your eyes have seen what I have done in Egypt: and ye dwelt in the wilderness a long season.	
Joshua 2:1	And Joshua the son of Nun sent out of Shittim two men to spy secretly, saying, Go view the land, even Jericho. And they went, and came into an harlot's house, named Rahab, and lodged there.	
Joshua 2:15	Then she let them down by a cord through the window: for her house was upon the town wall, and she dwelt upon the wall.	
Joshua 2:17	And the men said unto her, We will be blameless of this thine oath which thou hast made us swear.	
Joshua 2:18	Behold, when we come into the land, thou shalt bind this line of scarlet thread in the window which thou didst let us down by: and thou shalt bring thy father, and thy mother, and thy brethren, and all thy father's household, home unto thee.	
Joshua 2:2	And it was told the king of Jericho, saying, Behold, there came men in hither to night of the children of Israel to search out the country.	
Joshua 2:22	And they went, and came unto the mountain, and abode there three days, until the pursuers were returned: and the pursuers sought them throughout all the way, but found them not.	
Joshua 2:23	So the two men returned, and descended from the mountain, and passed over, and came to Joshua the son of Nun, and told him all things that befell them:	
Joshua 2:7	And the men pursued after them the way to Jordan unto the fords: and as soon as they which pursued after them were gone out, they shut the gate.	
Joshua 2:8	And before they were laid down, she came up unto them upon the roof;	
Joshua 3:1	And Joshua rose early in the morning; and they removed from Shittim, and came to Jordan, he and all the children of Israel, and lodged there before they passed over.	
Joshua 3:10	And Joshua said, Hereby ye shall know that the living God is among you, and that he will without fail drive out from before you the Canaanites, and the Hittites, and the Hivites, and the Perizzites, and the Girgashites, and the Amorites, and the Jebusites.	
Joshua 3:11	Behold, the ark of the covenant of the LORD of all the earth passeth over before you into Jordan.	
Joshua 3:12	Now therefore take you twelve men out of the tribes of Israel, out of every tribe a man.	
Joshua 3:17	And the priests that bare the ark of the covenant of the LORD stood firm on dry ground in the midst of Jordan, and all the Israelites passed over on dry ground, until all the people were passed clean over Jordan.	
Joshua 3:5	And Joshua said unto the people, Sanctify yourselves: for to morrow the LORD will do wonders among you.	
Joshua 3:6	And Joshua spake unto the priests, saying, Take up the ark of the covenant, and pass over before the people. And they took up the ark of the covenant, and went before the people.	
Joshua 3:7	And the LORD said unto Joshua, This day will I begin to magnify thee in the sight of all Israel, that they may know that, as I was with Moses, so I will be with thee.	
Joshua 3:8	And thou shalt command the priests that bear the ark of the covenant, saying, When ye are come to the brink of the water of Jordan, ye shall stand still in Jordan.	
Joshua 3:9	And Joshua said unto the children of Israel, Come hither, and hear the words of the LORD your God.	
Joshua 4:11	And it came to pass, when all the people were clean passed over, that the ark of the LORD passed over, and the priests, in the presence of the people.	
Joshua 4:12	And the children of Reuben, and the children of Gad, and half the tribe of Manasseh, passed over armed before the children of Israel, as Moses spake unto them:	
Joshua 4:15	And the LORD spake unto Joshua, saying,	
Joshua 4:18	And it came to pass, when the priests that bare the ark of the covenant of the LORD were come up out of the midst of Jordan, and the soles of the priests' feet were lifted up unto the dry land, that the waters of Jordan returned unto their place, and flowed over all his banks, as they did before.	
Joshua 4:20	And those twelve stones, which they took out of Jordan, did Joshua pitch in Gilgal.	
Joshua 5:3	And Joshua made him sharp knives, and circumcised the children of Israel at the hill of the foreskins.	
Joshua 5:6	For the children of Israel walked forty years in the wilderness, till all the people that were men of war, which came out of Egypt, were consumed, because they obeyed not the voice of the LORD: unto whom the LORD sware that he would not show them the land, which the LORD sware unto their fathers that he would give us, a land that floweth with milk and honey.	
Joshua 5:7	And their children, whom he raised up in their stead, them Joshua circumcised: for they were uncircumcised, because they had not circumcised them by the way.	
Joshua 6:11	So the ark of the LORD compassed the city, going about it once: and they came into the camp, and lodged in the camp.	
Joshua 6:16	And it came to pass at the seventh time, when the priests blew with the trumpets, Joshua said unto the people, Shout; for the LORD hath given you the city.	
Joshua 6:18	And ye, in any wise keep yourselves from the accursed thing, lest ye make yourselves accursed, when ye take of the accursed thing, and make the camp of Israel a curse, and trouble it.	
Joshua 6:23	And the young men that were spies went in, and brought out Rahab, and her father, and her mother, and her brethren, and all that she had; and they brought out all her kindred, and left them without the camp of Israel.	
Joshua 7:1	But the children of Israel committed a trespass in the accursed thing: for Achan, the son of Carmi, the son of Zabdi, the son of Zerah, of the tribe of Judah, took of the accursed thing: and the anger of the LORD was kindled against the children of Israel.	
Joshua 7:13	Up, sanctify the people, and say, Sanctify yourselves against to morrow: for thus saith the LORD God of Israel, There is an accursed thing in the midst of thee, O Israel: thou canst not stand before thine enemies, until ye take away the accursed thing from among you.	
Joshua 7:14	In the morning therefore ye shall be brought according to your tribes: and it shall be, that the tribe which the LORD taketh shall come according to the families thereof; and the family which the LORD shall take shall come by households; and the household which the LORD shall take shall come man by man.	
Joshua 7:17	And he brought the family of Judah; and he took the family of the Zarhites: and he brought the family of the Zarhites man by man; and Zabdi was taken:	
Joshua 7:24	And Joshua, and all Israel with him, took Achan the son of Zerah, and the silver, and the garment, and the wedge of gold, and his sons, and his daughters, and his oxen, and his asses, and his sheep, and his tent, and all that he had: and they brought them unto the valley of Achor.	
Joshua 7:3	And they returned to Joshua, and said unto him, Let not all the people go up; but let about two or three thousand men go up and smite Ai; and make not all the people to labor thither; for they are but few.	
Joshua 7:5	And the men of Ai smote of them about thirty and six men: for they chased them from before the gate even unto Shebarim, and smote them in the going down: wherefore the hearts of the people melted, and became as water.	
Joshua 7:9	For the Canaanites and all the inhabitants of the land shall hear of it, and shall environ us round, and cut off our name from the earth: and what wilt thou do unto thy great name?	
Joshua 8:1	And the LORD said unto Joshua, Fear not, neither be thou dismayed: take all the people of war with thee, and arise, go up to Ai: see, I have given into thy hand the king of Ai, and his people, and his city, and his land:	
Joshua 8:11	And all the people, even the people of war that were with him, went up, and drew nigh, and came before the city, and pitched on the north side of Ai: now there was a valley between them and Ai.	
Joshua 8:13	And when they had set the people, even all the host that was on the north of the city, and their liers in wait on the west of the city, Joshua went that night into the midst of the valley.	
Joshua 8:16	And all the people that were in Ai were called together to pursue after them: and they pursued after Joshua, and were drawn away from the city.	
Joshua 8:21	And when Joshua and all Israel saw that the ambush had taken the city, and that the smoke of the city ascended, then they turned again, and slew the men of Ai.	
Joshua 8:24	And it came to pass, when Israel had made an end of slaying all the inhabitants of Ai in the field, in the wilderness wherein they chased them, and when they were all fallen on the edge of the sword, until they were consumed, that all the Israelites returned unto Ai, and smote it with the edge of the sword.	
Joshua 8:28	And Joshua burnt Ai, and made it an heap for ever, even a desolation unto this day.	
Joshua 8:31	As Moses the servant of the LORD commanded the children of Israel, as it is written in the book of the law of Moses, an altar of whole stones, over which no man hath lift up any iron: and they offered thereon burnt offerings unto the LORD, and sacrificed peace offerings.	
Joshua 8:4	And he commanded them, saying, Behold, ye shall lie in wait against the city, even behind the city: go not very far from the city, but be ye all ready:	
Joshua 8:6	(For they will come out after us) till we have drawn them from the city; for they will say, They flee before us, as at the first: therefore we will flee before them.	
Joshua 8:8	And it shall be, when ye have taken the city, that ye shall set the city on fire: according to the commandment of the LORD shall ye do. See, I have commanded you.	
Joshua 9:14	And the men took of their victuals, and asked not counsel at the mouth of the LORD.	
Joshua 9:17	And the children of Israel journeyed, and came unto their cities on the third day. Now their cities were Gibeon, and Chephirah, and Beeroth, and Kirjathjearim.	
Joshua 9:24	And they answered Joshua, and said, Because it was certainly told thy servants, how that the LORD thy God commanded his servant Moses to give you all the land, and to destroy all the inhabitants of the land from before you, therefore we were sore afraid of our lives because of you, and have done this thing.	
Joshua 9:7	And the men of Israel said unto the Hivites, Peradventure ye dwell among us; and how shall we make a league with you?	
Jude 1:13	Raging waves of the sea, foaming out their own shame; wandering stars, to whom is reserved the blackness of darkness for ever.	
Jude 1:21	Keep yourselves in the love of God, looking for the mercy of our Lord Jesus Christ unto eternal life.	
Jude 1:22	And of some have compassion, making a difference:	
Jude 1:23	And others save with fear, pulling them out of the fire; hating even the garment spotted by the flesh.	
Jude 1:3	Beloved, when I gave all diligence to write unto you of the common salvation, it was needful for me to write unto you, and exhort you that ye should earnestly contend for the faith which was once delivered unto the saints.	
Jude 1:6	And the angels which kept not their first estate, but left their own habitation, he hath reserved in everlasting chains under darkness unto the judgment of the great day.	
Judges 10:1	And after Abimelech there arose to defend Israel Tola the son of Puah, the son of Dodo, a man of Issachar; and he dwelt in Shamir in mount Ephraim.	
Judges 10:14	Go and cry unto the gods which ye have chosen; let them deliver you in the time of your tribulation.	
Judges 10:15	And the children of Israel said unto the LORD, We have sinned: do thou unto us whatsoever seemeth good unto thee; deliver us only, we pray thee, this day.	
Judges 10:7	And the anger of the LORD was hot against Israel, and he sold them into the hands of the Philistines, and into the hands of the children of Ammon.	
Judges 11:13	And the king of the children of Ammon answered unto the messengers of Jephthah, Because Israel took away my land, when they came up out of Egypt, from Arnon even unto Jabbok, and unto Jordan: now therefore restore those lands again peaceably.	
Judges 11:14	And Jephthah sent messengers again unto the king of the children of Ammon:	
Judges 11:22	And they possessed all the coasts of the Amorites, from Arnon even unto Jabbok, and from the wilderness even unto Jordan.	
Judges 11:33	And he smote them from Aroer, even till thou come to Minnith, even twenty cities, and unto the plain of the vineyards, with a very great slaughter. Thus the children of Ammon were subdued before the children of Israel.	
Judges 11:34	And Jephthah came to Mizpeh unto his house, and, behold, his daughter came out to meet him with timbrels and with dances: and she was his only child; beside her he had neither son nor daughter.	
Judges 11:35	And it came to pass, when he saw her, that he rent his clothes, and said, Alas, my daughter! thou hast brought me very low, and thou art one of them that trouble me: for I have opened my mouth unto the LORD, and I cannot go back.	
Judges 11:36	And she said unto him, My father, if thou hast opened thy mouth unto the LORD, do to me according to that which hath proceeded out of thy mouth; forasmuch as the LORD hath taken vengeance for thee of thine enemies, even of the children of Ammon.	
Judges 11:39	And it came to pass at the end of two months, that she returned unto her father, who did with her according to his vow which he had vowed: and she knew no man. And it was a custom in Israel,	
Judges 11:4	And it came to pass in process of time, that the children of Ammon made war against Israel.	
Judges 12:6	Then said they unto him, Say now Shibboleth: and he said Sibboleth: for he could not frame to pronounce it right. Then they took him, and slew him at the passages of Jordan: and there fell at that time of the Ephraimites forty and two thousand.	
Judges 12:8	And after him Ibzan of Bethlehem judged Israel.	
Judges 13:14	She may not eat of any thing that cometh of the vine, neither let her drink wine or strong drink, nor eat any unclean thing: all that I commanded her let her observe.	
Judges 13:15	And Manoah said unto the angel of the LORD, I pray thee, let us detain thee, until we shall have made ready a kid for thee.	
Judges 13:2	And there was a certain man of Zorah, of the family of the Danites, whose name was Manoah; and his wife was barren, and bare not.	
Judges 13:20	For it came to pass, when the flame went up toward heaven from off the altar, that the angel of the LORD ascended in the flame of the altar. And Manoah and his wife looked on it, and fell on their faces to the ground.	
Judges 13:22	And Manoah said unto his wife, We shall surely die, because we have seen God.	
Judges 13:4	Now therefore beware, I pray thee, and drink not wine nor strong drink, and eat not any unclean thing:	
Judges 13:8	Then Manoah intreated the LORD, and said, O my Lord, let the man of God which thou didst send come again unto us, and teach us what we shall do unto the child that shall be born.	
Judges 14:1	And Samson went down to Timnath, and saw a woman in Timnath of the daughters of the Philistines.	
Judges 14:7	And he went down, and talked with the woman; and she pleased Samson well.	
Judges 14:9	And he took thereof in his hands, and went on eating, and came to his father and mother, and he gave them, and they did eat: but he told not them that he had taken the honey out of the carcass of the lion.	
Judges 15:10	And the men of Judah said, Why are ye come up against us? And they answered, To bind Samson are we come up, to do to him as he hath done to us.	
Judges 15:11	Then three thousand men of Judah went to the top of the rock Etam, and said to Samson, Knowest thou not that the Philistines are rulers over us? what is this that thou hast done unto us? And he said unto them, As they did unto me, so have I done unto them.	
Judges 15:13	And they spake unto him, saying, No; but we will bind thee fast, and deliver thee into their hand: but surely we will not kill thee. And they bound him with two new cords, and brought him up from the rock.	
Judges 15:18	And he was sore athirst, and called on the LORD, and said, Thou hast given this great deliverance into the hand of thy servant: and now shall I die for thirst, and fall into the hand of the uncircumcised?	
Judges 15:2	And her father said, I verily thought that thou hadst utterly hated her; therefore I gave her to thy companion: is not her younger sister fairer than she? take her, I pray thee, instead of her.	
Judges 16:1	Then went Samson to Gaza, and saw there an harlot, and went in unto her.	
Judges 16:11	And he said unto her, If they bind me fast with new ropes that never were occupied, then shall I be weak, and be as another man.	
Judges 16:13	And Delilah said unto Samson, Hitherto thou hast mocked me, and told me lies: tell me wherewith thou mightest be bound. And he said unto her, If thou weavest the seven locks of my head with the web.	
Judges 16:20	And she said, The Philistines be upon thee, Samson. And he awoke out of his sleep, and said, I will go out as at other times before, and shake myself. And he wist not that the LORD was departed from him.	
Judges 16:21	But the Philistines took him, and put out his eyes, and brought him down to Gaza, and bound him with fetters of brass; and he did grind in the prison house.	
Judges 16:5	And the lords of the Philistines came up unto her, and said unto her, Entice him, and see wherein his great strength lieth, and by what means we may prevail against him, that we may bind him to afflict him; and we will give thee every one of us eleven hundred pieces of silver.	
Judges 16:7	And Samson said unto her, If they bind me with seven green withes that were never dried, then shall I be weak, and be as another man.	
Judges 17:1	And there was a man of mount Ephraim, whose name was Micah.	
Judges 17:10	And Micah said unto him, Dwell with me, and be unto me a father and a priest, and I will give thee ten shekels of silver by the year, and a suit of apparel, and thy victuals. So the Levite went in.	
Judges 17:6	In those days there was no king in Israel, but every man did that which was right in his own eyes.	
Judges 17:8	And the man departed out of the city from Bethlehemjudah to sojourn where he could find a place: and he came to mount Ephraim to the house of Micah, as he journeyed.	
Judges 18:10	When ye go, ye shall come unto a people secure, and to a large land: for God hath given it into your hands; a place where there is no want of any thing that is in the earth.	
Judges 18:18	And these went into Micah's house, and fetched the carved image, the ephod, and the teraphim, and the molten image. Then said the priest unto them, What do ye?	
Judges 18:20	And the priest's heart was glad, and he took the ephod, and the teraphim, and the graven image, and went in the midst of the people.	
Judges 18:22	And when they were a good way from the house of Micah, the men that were in the houses near to Micah's house were gathered together, and overtook the children of Dan.	
Judges 18:25	And the children of Dan said unto him, Let not thy voice be heard among us, lest angry fellows run upon thee, and thou lose thy life, with the lives of thy household.	
Judges 18:27	And they took the things which Micah had made, and the priest which he had, and came unto Laish, unto a people that were at quiet and secure: and they smote them with the edge of the sword, and burnt the city with fire.	
Judges 18:8	And they came unto their brethren to Zorah and Eshtaol: and their brethren said unto them, What say ye?	
Judges 18:9	And they said, Arise, that we may go up against them: for we have seen the land, and, behold, it is very good: and are ye still? be not slothful to go, and to enter to possess the land.	
Judges 19:12	And his master said unto him, We will not turn aside hither into the city of a stranger, that is not of the children of Israel; we will pass over to Gibeah.	
Judges 19:13	And he said unto his servant, Come, and let us draw near to one of these places to lodge all night, in Gibeah, or in Ramah.	
Judges 19:14	And they passed on and went their way; and the sun went down upon them when they were by Gibeah, which belongeth to Benjamin.	
Judges 19:17	And when he had lifted up his eyes, he saw a wayfaring man in the street of the city: and the old man said, Whither goest thou? and whence comest thou?	
Judges 19:19	Yet there is both straw and provender for our asses; and there is bread and wine also for me, and for thy handmaid, and for the young man which is with thy servants: there is no want of any thing.	
Judges 19:2	And his concubine played the whore against him, and went away from him unto her father's house to Bethlehemjudah, and was there four whole months.	
Judges 19:20	And the old man said, Peace be with thee; howsoever let all thy wants lie upon me; only lodge not in the street.	
Judges 19:21	So he brought him into his house, and gave provender unto the asses: and they washed their feet, and did eat and drink.	
Judges 19:5	And it came to pass on the fourth day, when they arose early in the morning, that he rose up to depart: and the damsel's father said unto his son in law, Comfort thine heart with a morsel of bread, and afterward go your way.	
Judges 19:6	And they sat down, and did eat and drink both of them together: for the damsel's father had said unto the man, Be content, I pray thee, and tarry all night, and let thine heart be merry.	
Judges 19:7	And when the man rose up to depart, his father in law urged him: therefore he lodged there again.	
Judges 1:1	Now after the death of Joshua it came to pass, that the children of Israel asked the LORD, saying, Who shall go up for us against the Canaanites first, to fight against them?	
Judges 1:10	And Judah went against the Canaanites that dwelt in Hebron: (now the name of Hebron before was Kirjatharba:) and they slew Sheshai, and Ahiman, and Talmai.	
Judges 1:11	And from thence he went against the inhabitants of Debir: and the name of Debir before was Kirjathsepher:	
Judges 1:22	And the house of Joseph, they also went up against Bethel: and the LORD was with them.	
Judges 1:25	And when he showed them the entrance into the city, they smote the city with the edge of the sword; but they let go the man and all his family.	
Judges 1:26	And the man went into the land of the Hittites, and built a city, and called the name thereof Luz: which is the name thereof unto this day.	
Judges 1:27	Neither did Manasseh drive out the inhabitants of Bethshean and her towns, nor Taanach and her towns, nor the inhabitants of Dor and her towns, nor the inhabitants of Ibleam and her towns, nor the inhabitants of Megiddo and her towns: but the Canaanites would dwell in that land.	
Judges 1:9	And afterward the children of Judah went down to fight against the Canaanites, that dwelt in the mountain, and in the south, and in the valley.	
Judges 20:13	Now therefore deliver us the men, the children of Belial, which are in Gibeah, that we may put them to death, and put away evil from Israel. But the children of Benjamin would not hearken to the voice of their brethren the children of Israel.	
Judges 20:14	But the children of Benjamin gathered themselves together out of the cities unto Gibeah, to go out to battle against the children of Israel.	
Judges 20:16	Among all this people there were seven hundred chosen men lefthanded; every one could sling stones at an hair breadth, and not miss.	
Judges 20:18	And the children of Israel arose, and went up to the house of God, and asked counsel of God, and said, Which of us shall go up first to the battle against the children of Benjamin? And the LORD said, Judah shall go up first.	
Judges 20:21	And the children of Benjamin came forth out of Gibeah, and destroyed down to the ground of the Israelites that day twenty and two thousand men.	
Judges 20:26	Then all the children of Israel, and all the people, went up, and came unto the house of God, and wept, and sat there before the LORD, and fasted that day until even, and offered burnt offerings and peace offerings before the LORD.	
Judges 20:27	And the children of Israel inquired of the LORD, (for the ark of the covenant of God was there in those days,	
Judges 20:29	And Israel set liers in wait round about Gibeah.	
Judges 20:31	And the children of Benjamin went out against the people, and were drawn away from the city; and they began to smite of the people, and kill, as at other times, in the highways, of which one goeth up to the house of God, and the other to Gibeah in the field, about thirty men of Israel.	
Judges 20:38	Now there was an appointed sign between the men of Israel and the liers in wait, that they should make a great flame with smoke rise up out of the city.	
Judges 20:4	And the Levite, the husband of the woman that was slain, answered and said, I came into Gibeah that belongeth to Benjamin, I and my concubine, to lodge.	
Judges 20:48	And the men of Israel turned again upon the children of Benjamin, and smote them with the edge of the sword, as well the men of every city, as the beast, and all that came to hand: also they set on fire all the cities that they came to.	
Judges 21:13	And the whole congregation sent some to speak to the children of Benjamin that were in the rock Rimmon, and to call peaceably unto them.	
Judges 21:18	Howbeit we may not give them wives of our daughters: for the children of Israel have sworn, saying, Cursed be he that giveth a wife to Benjamin.	
Judges 21:20	Therefore they commanded the children of Benjamin, saying, Go and lie in wait in the vineyards;	
Judges 21:21	And see, and, behold, if the daughters of Shiloh come out to dance in dances, then come ye out of the vineyards, and catch you every man his wife of the daughters of Shiloh, and go to the land of Benjamin.	
Judges 21:4	And it came to pass on the morrow, that the people rose early, and built there an altar, and offered burnt offerings and peace offerings.	
Judges 21:6	And the children of Israel repented them for Benjamin their brother, and said, There is one tribe cut off from Israel this day.	
Judges 21:7	How shall we do for wives for them that remain, seeing we have sworn by the LORD that we will not give them of our daughters to wives?	
Judges 2:1	And an angel of the LORD came up from Gilgal to Bochim, and said, I made you to go up out of Egypt, and have brought you unto the land which I sware unto your fathers; and I said, I will never break my covenant with you.	
Judges 2:10	And also all that generation were gathered unto their fathers: and there arose another generation after them, which knew not the LORD, nor yet the works which he had done for Israel.	
Judges 2:12	And they forsook the LORD God of their fathers, which brought them out of the land of Egypt, and followed other gods, of the gods of the people that were round about them, and bowed themselves unto them, and provoked the LORD to anger.	
Judges 2:15	Whithersoever they went out, the hand of the LORD was against them for evil, as the LORD had said, and as the LORD had sworn unto them: and they were greatly distressed.	
Judges 2:21	I also will not henceforth drive out any from before them of the nations which Joshua left when he died:	
Judges 2:22	That through them I may prove Israel, whether they will keep the way of the LORD to walk therein, as their fathers did keep it, or not.	
Judges 2:23	Therefore the LORD left those nations, without driving them out hastily; neither delivered he them into the hand of Joshua.	
Judges 2:3	Wherefore I also said, I will not drive them out from before you; but they shall be as thorns in your sides, and their gods shall be a snare unto you.	
Judges 2:6	And when Joshua had let the people go, the children of Israel went every man unto his inheritance to possess the land.	
Judges 2:8	And Joshua the son of Nun, the servant of the LORD, died, being an hundred and ten years old.	
Judges 3:13	And he gathered unto him the children of Ammon and Amalek, and went and smote Israel, and possessed the city of palm trees.	
Judges 3:21	And Ehud put forth his left hand, and took the dagger from his right thigh, and thrust it into his belly:	
Judges 3:23	Then Ehud went forth through the porch, and shut the doors of the parlor upon him, and locked them.	
Judges 3:25	And they tarried till they were ashamed: and, behold, he opened not the doors of the parlor; therefore they took a key, and opened them: and, behold, their lord was fallen down dead on the earth.	
Judges 3:26	And Ehud escaped while they tarried, and passed beyond the quarries, and escaped unto Seirath.	
Judges 3:30	So Moab was subdued that day under the hand of Israel. And the land had rest fourscore years.	
Judges 4:18	And Jael went out to meet Sisera, and said unto him, Turn in, my lord, turn in to me; fear not. And when he had turned in unto her into the tent, she covered him with a mantle.	
Judges 4:24	And the hand of the children of Israel prospered, and prevailed against Jabin the king of Canaan, until they had destroyed Jabin king of Canaan.	
Judges 4:4	And Deborah, a prophetess, the wife of Lapidoth, she judged Israel at that time.	
Judges 4:9	And she said, I will surely go with thee: notwithstanding the journey that thou takest shall not be for thine honor; for the LORD shall sell Sisera into the hand of a woman. And Deborah arose, and went with Barak to Kedesh.	
Judges 5:11	They that are delivered from the noise of archers in the places of drawing water, there shall they rehearse the righteous acts of the LORD, even the righteous acts toward the inhabitants of his villages in Israel: then shall the people of the LORD go down to the gates.	
Judges 5:13	Then he made him that remaineth have dominion over the nobles among the people: the LORD made me have dominion over the mighty.	
Judges 5:24	Blessed above women shall Jael the wife of Heber the Kenite be, blessed shall she be above women in the tent.	
Judges 5:25	He asked water, and she gave him milk; she brought forth butter in a lordly dish.	
Judges 5:7	The inhabitants of the villages ceased, they ceased in Israel, until that I Deborah arose, that I arose a mother in Israel.	
Judges 6:12	And the angel of the LORD appeared unto him, and said unto him, The LORD is with thee, thou mighty man of valor.	
Judges 6:13	And Gideon said unto him, Oh my Lord, if the LORD be with us, why then is all this befallen us? and where be all his miracles which our fathers told us of, saying, Did not the LORD bring us up from Egypt? but now the LORD hath forsaken us, and delivered us into the hands of the Midianites.	
Judges 6:19	And Gideon went in, and made ready a kid, and unleavened cakes of an ephah of flour: the flesh he put in a basket, and he put the broth in a pot, and brought it out unto him under the oak, and presented it.	
Judges 6:2	And the hand of Midian prevailed against Israel: and because of the Midianites the children of Israel made them the dens which are in the mountains, and caves, and strong holds.	
Judges 6:24	Then Gideon built an altar there unto the LORD, and called it Jehovahshalom: unto this day it is yet in Ophrah of the Abiezrites.	
Judges 6:26	And build an altar unto the LORD thy God upon the top of this rock, in the ordered place, and take the second bullock, and offer a burnt sacrifice with the wood of the grove which thou shalt cut down.	
Judges 6:30	Then the men of the city said unto Joash, Bring out thy son, that he may die: because he hath cast down the altar of Baal, and because he hath cut down the grove that was by it.	
Judges 6:34	But the Spirit of the LORD came upon Gideon, and he blew a trumpet; and Abiezer was gathered after him.	
Judges 6:40	And God did so that night: for it was dry upon the fleece only, and there was dew on all the ground.	
Judges 6:5	For they came up with their cattle and their tents, and they came as grasshoppers for multitude; for both they and their camels were without number: and they entered into the land to destroy it.	
Judges 7:15	And it was so, when Gideon heard the telling of the dream, and the interpretation thereof, that he worshipped, and returned into the host of Israel, and said, Arise; for the LORD hath delivered into your hand the host of Midian.	
Judges 7:16	And he divided the three hundred men into three companies, and he put a trumpet in every man's hand, with empty pitchers, and lamps within the pitchers.	
Judges 7:19	So Gideon, and the hundred men that were with him, came unto the outside of the camp in the beginning of the middle watch; and they had but newly set the watch: and they blew the trumpets, and brake the pitchers that were in their hands.	
Judges 7:2	And the LORD said unto Gideon, The people that are with thee are too many for me to give the Midianites into their hands, lest Israel vaunt themselves against me, saying, Mine own hand hath saved me.	
Judges 7:22	And the three hundred blew the trumpets, and the LORD set every man's sword against his fellow, even throughout all the host: and the host fled to Bethshittah in Zererath, and to the border of Abelmeholah, unto Tabbath.	
Judges 7:24	And Gideon sent messengers throughout all mount Ephraim, saying, come down against the Midianites, and take before them the waters unto Bethbarah and Jordan. Then all the men of Ephraim gathered themselves together, and took the waters unto Bethbarah and Jordan.	
Judges 7:7	And the LORD said unto Gideon, By the three hundred men that lapped will I save you, and deliver the Midianites into thine hand: and let all the other people go every man unto his place.	
Judges 8:16	And he took the elders of the city, and thorns of the wilderness and briers, and with them he taught the men of Succoth.	
Judges 8:17	And he beat down the tower of Penuel, and slew the men of the city.	
Judges 8:18	Then said he unto Zebah and Zalmunna, What manner of men were they whom ye slew at Tabor? And they answered, As thou art, so were they; each one resembled the children of a king.	
Judges 8:22	Then the men of Israel said unto Gideon, Rule thou over us, both thou, and thy son, and thy son's son also: for thou hast delivered us from the hand of Midian.	
Judges 8:25	And they answered, We will willingly give them. And they spread a garment, and did cast therein every man the earrings of his prey.	
Judges 8:31	And his concubine that was in Shechem, she also bare him a son, whose name he called Abimelech.	
Judges 8:33	And it came to pass, as soon as Gideon was dead, that the children of Israel turned again, and went a whoring after Baalim, and made Baalberith their god.	
Judges 8:34	And the children of Israel remembered not the LORD their God, who had delivered them out of the hands of all their enemies on every side:	
Judges 8:8	And he went up thence to Penuel, and spake unto them likewise: and the men of Penuel answered him as the men of Succoth had answered him.	
Judges 9:10	And the trees said to the fig tree, Come thou, and reign over us.	
Judges 9:11	But the fig tree said unto them, Should I forsake my sweetness, and my good fruit, and go to be promoted over the trees?	
Judges 9:15	And the bramble said unto the trees, If in truth ye anoint me king over you, then come and put your trust in my shadow: and if not, let fire come out of the bramble, and devour the cedars of Lebanon.	
Judges 9:18	And ye are risen up against my father's house this day, and have slain his sons, threescore and ten persons, upon one stone, and have made Abimelech, the son of his maidservant, king over the men of Shechem, because he is your brother;)	
Judges 9:20	But if not, let fire come out from Abimelech, and devour the men of Shechem, and the house of Millo; and let fire come out from the men of Shechem, and from the house of Millo, and devour Abimelech.	
Judges 9:24	That the cruelty done to the threescore and ten sons of Jerubbaal might come, and their blood be laid upon Abimelech their brother, which slew them; and upon the men of Shechem, which aided him in the killing of his brethren.	
Judges 9:25	And the men of Shechem set liers in wait for him in the top of the mountains, and they robbed all that came along that way by them: and it was told Abimelech.	
Judges 9:28	And Gaal the son of Ebed said, Who is Abimelech, and who is Shechem, that we should serve him? is not he the son of Jerubbaal? and Zebul his officer? serve the men of Hamor the father of Shechem: for why should we serve him?	
Judges 9:29	And would to God this people were under my hand! then would I remove Abimelech. And he said to Abimelech, Increase thine army, and come out.	
Judges 9:3	And his mother's brethren spake of him in the ears of all the men of Shechem all these words: and their hearts inclined to follow Abimelech; for they said, He is our brother.	
Judges 9:30	And when Zebul the ruler of the city heard the words of Gaal the son of Ebed, his anger was kindled.	
Judges 9:33	And it shall be, that in the morning, as soon as the sun is up, thou shalt rise early, and set upon the city: and, behold, when he and the people that is with him come out against thee, then mayest thou do to them as thou shalt find occasion.	
Judges 9:34	And Abimelech rose up, and all the people that were with him, by night, and they laid wait against Shechem in four companies.	
Judges 9:35	And Gaal the son of Ebed went out, and stood in the entering of the gate of the city: and Abimelech rose up, and the people that were with him, from lying in wait.	
Judges 9:36	And when Gaal saw the people, he said to Zebul, Behold, there come people down from the top of the mountains. And Zebul said unto him, Thou seest the shadow of the mountains as if they were men.	
Judges 9:4	And they gave him threescore and ten pieces of silver out of the house of Baalberith, wherewith Abimelech hired vain and light persons, which followed him.	
Judges 9:40	And Abimelech chased him, and he fled before him, and many were overthrown and wounded, even unto the entering of the gate.	
Judges 9:41	And Abimelech dwelt at Arumah: and Zebul thrust out Gaal and his brethren, that they should not dwell in Shechem.	
Judges 9:48	And Abimelech gat him up to mount Zalmon, he and all the people that were with him; and Abimelech took an axe in his hand, and cut down a bough from the trees, and took it, and laid it on his shoulder, and said unto the people that were with him, What ye have seen me do, make haste, and do as I have done.	
Judges 9:5	And he went unto his father's house at Ophrah, and slew his brethren the sons of Jerubbaal, being threescore and ten persons, upon one stone: notwithstanding yet Jotham the youngest son of Jerubbaal was left; for he hid himself.	
Judges 9:52	And Abimelech came unto the tower, and fought against it, and went hard unto the door of the tower to burn it with fire.	
Judges 9:55	And when the men of Israel saw that Abimelech was dead, they departed every man unto his place.	
Judges 9:9	But the olive tree said unto them, Should I leave my fatness, wherewith by me they honor God and man, and go to be promoted over the trees?	
Lamentations 1:14	The yoke of my transgressions is bound by his hand: they are wreathed, and come up upon my neck: he hath made my strength to fall, the LORD hath delivered me into their hands, from whom I am not able to rise up.	
Lamentations 1:8	Jerusalem hath grievously sinned; therefore she is removed: all that honoured her despise her, because they have seen her nakedness: yea, she sigheth, and turneth backward.	
Lamentations 2:16	All thine enemies have opened their mouth against thee: they hiss and gnash the teeth: they say, We have swallowed her up: certainly this is the day that we looked for; we have found, we have seen it.	
Lamentations 2:22	Thou hast called as in a solemn day my terrors round about, so that in the day of the LORD's anger none escaped nor remained: those that I have swaddled and brought up hath mine enemy consumed.	
Lamentations 2:4	He hath bent his bow like an enemy: he stood with his right hand as an adversary, and slew all that were pleasant to the eye in the tabernacle of the daughter of Zion: he poured out his fury like fire.	
Lamentations 3:12	He hath bent his bow, and set me as a mark for the arrow.	
Lamentations 3:16	He hath also broken my teeth with gravel stones, he hath covered me with ashes.	
Lamentations 3:19	Remembering mine affliction and my misery, the wormwood and the gall.	
Lamentations 3:2	He hath led me, and brought me into darkness, but not into light.	
Lamentations 3:22	It is of the LORD's mercies that we are not consumed, because his compassions fail not.	
Lamentations 3:23	They are new every morning: great is thy faithfulness.	
Lamentations 3:24	The LORD is my portion, saith my soul; therefore will I hope in him.	
Lamentations 3:25	The LORD is good unto them that wait for him, to the soul that seeketh him.	
Lamentations 3:28	He sitteth alone and keepeth silence, because he hath borne it upon him.	
Lamentations 3:36	To subvert a man in his cause, the LORD approveth not.	
Lamentations 3:37	Who is he that saith, and it cometh to pass, when the Lord commandeth it not?	
Lamentations 3:38	Out of the mouth of the most High proceedeth not evil and good?	
Lamentations 3:39	Wherefore doth a living man complain, a man for the punishment of his sins?	
Lamentations 3:40	Let us search and try our ways, and turn again to the LORD.	
Lamentations 3:41	Let us lift up our heart with our hands unto God in the heavens.	
Lamentations 3:49	Mine eye trickleth down, and ceaseth not, without any intermission.	
Lamentations 3:56	Thou hast heard my voice: hide not thine ear at my breathing, at my cry.	
Lamentations 3:59	O LORD, thou hast seen my wrong: judge thou my cause.	
Lamentations 3:60	Thou hast seen all their vengeance and all their imaginations against me.	
Lamentations 3:61	Thou hast heard their reproach, O LORD, and all their imaginations against me;	
Lamentations 3:64	Render unto them a recompence, O LORD, according to the work of their hands.	
Lamentations 3:65	Give them sorrow of heart, thy curse unto them.	
Lamentations 4:10	The hands of the pitiful women have sodden their own children: they were their meat in the destruction of the daughter of my people.	
Lamentations 4:16	The anger of the LORD hath divided them; he will no more regard them: they respected not the persons of the priests, they favoured not the elders.	
Lamentations 4:17	As for us, our eyes as yet failed for our vain help: in our watching we have watched for a nation that could not save us.	
Lamentations 4:6	For the punishment of the iniquity of the daughter of my people is greater than the punishment of the sin of Sodom, that was overthrown as in a moment, and no hands stayed on her.	
Lamentations 4:9	They that be slain with the sword are better than they that be slain with hunger: for these pine away, stricken through for want of the fruits of the field.	
Lamentations 5:11	They ravished the women in Zion, and the maids in the cities of Judah.	
Lamentations 5:15	The joy of our heart is ceased; our dance is turned into mourning.	
Lamentations 5:19	Thou, O LORD, remainest for ever; thy throne from generation to generation.	
Leviticus 10:14	And the wave breast and heave shoulder shall ye eat in a clean place; thou, and thy sons, and thy daughters with thee: for they be thy due, and thy sons' due, which are given out of the sacrifices of peace offerings of the children of Israel.	
Leviticus 10:15	The heave shoulder and the wave breast shall they bring with the offerings made by fire of the fat, to wave it for a wave offering before the LORD; and it shall be thine, and thy sons' with thee, by a statute for ever; as the LORD hath commanded.	
Leviticus 10:3	Then Moses said unto Aaron, This is it that the LORD spake, saying, I will be sanctified in them that come nigh me, and before all the people I will be glorified. And Aaron held his peace.	
Leviticus 10:8	And the LORD spake unto Aaron, saying,	
Leviticus 11:11	They shall be even an abomination unto you; ye shall not eat of their flesh, but ye shall have their carcasses in abomination.	
Leviticus 11:19	And the stork, the heron after her kind, and the lapwing, and the bat.	
Leviticus 11:24	And for these ye shall be unclean: whosoever toucheth the carcass of them shall be unclean until the even.	
Leviticus 11:26	The carcasses of every beast which divideth the hoof, and is not cloven-footed, nor cheweth the cud, are unclean unto you: every one that toucheth them shall be unclean.	
Leviticus 11:27	And whatsoever goeth upon his paws, among all manner of beasts that go on all four, those are unclean unto you: whoso toucheth their carcass shall be unclean until the even.	
Leviticus 11:29	These also shall be unclean unto you among the creeping things that creep upon the earth; the weasel, and the mouse, and the tortoise after his kind,	
Leviticus 11:3	Whatsoever parteth the hoof, and is cloven-footed, and cheweth the cud, among the beasts, that shall ye eat.	
Leviticus 11:33	And every earthen vessel, whereinto any of them falleth, whatsoever is in it shall be unclean; and ye shall break it.	
Leviticus 11:35	And every thing whereupon any part of their carcass falleth shall be unclean; whether it be oven, or ranges for pots, they shall be broken down: for they are unclean and shall be unclean unto you.	
Leviticus 11:37	And if any part of their carcass fall upon any sowing seed which is to be sown, it shall be clean.	
Leviticus 11:38	But if any water be put upon the seed, and any part of their carcass fall thereon, it shall be unclean unto you.	
Leviticus 11:43	Ye shall not make yourselves abominable with any creeping thing that creepeth, neither shall ye make yourselves unclean with them, that ye should be defiled thereby.	
Leviticus 11:44	For I am the LORD your God: ye shall therefore sanctify yourselves, and ye shall be holy; for I am holy: neither shall ye defile yourselves with any manner of creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth.	
Leviticus 11:45	For I am the LORD that bringeth you up out of the land of Egypt, to be your God: ye shall therefore be holy, for I am holy.	
Leviticus 11:5	And the coney, because he cheweth the cud, but divideth not the hoof; he is unclean unto you.	
Leviticus 11:9	These shall ye eat of all that are in the waters: whatsoever hath fins and scales in the waters, in the seas, and in the rivers, them shall ye eat.	
Leviticus 12:5	But if she bear a maid child, then she shall be unclean two weeks, as in her separation: and she shall continue in the blood of her purifying threescore and six days.	
Leviticus 13:11	It is an old leprosy in the skin of his flesh, and the priest shall pronounce him unclean, and shall not shut him up: for he is unclean.	
Leviticus 13:21	But if the priest look on it, and, behold, there be no white hairs therein, and if it be not lower than the skin, but be somewhat dark; then the priest shall shut him up seven days:	
Leviticus 13:27	And the priest shall look upon him the seventh day: and if it be spread much abroad in the skin, then the priest shall pronounce him unclean: it is the plague of leprosy.	
Leviticus 13:35	But if the scall spread much in the skin after his cleansing;	
Leviticus 13:45	And the leper in whom the plague is, his clothes shall be rent, and his head bare, and he shall put a covering upon his upper lip, and shall cry, Unclean, unclean.	
Leviticus 13:47	The garment also that the plague of leprosy is in, whether it be a woolen garment, or a linen garment;	
Leviticus 13:5	And the priest shall look on him the seventh day: and, behold, if the plague in his sight be at a stay, and the plague spread not in the skin; then the priest shall shut him up seven days more:	
Leviticus 13:50	And the priest shall look upon the plague, and shut up it that hath the plague seven days:	
Leviticus 13:52	He shall therefore burn that garment, whether warp or woof, in woolen or in linen, or any thing of skin, wherein the plague is: for it is a fretting leprosy; it shall be burnt in the fire.	
Leviticus 13:54	Then the priest shall command that they wash the thing wherein the plague is, and he shall shut it up seven days more:	
Leviticus 13:57	And if it appear still in the garment, either in the warp, or in the woof, or in any thing of skin; it is a spreading plague: thou shalt burn that wherein the plague is with fire.	
Leviticus 13:9	When the plague of leprosy is in a man, then he shall be brought unto the priest;	
Leviticus 14:12	And the priest shall take one he lamb, and offer him for a trespass offering, and the log of oil, and wave them for a wave offering before the LORD:	
Leviticus 14:15	And the priest shall take some of the log of oil, and pour it into the palm of his own left hand:	
Leviticus 14:27	And the priest shall sprinkle with his right finger some of the oil that is in his left hand seven times before the LORD:	
Leviticus 14:29	And the rest of the oil that is in the priest's hand he shall put upon the head of him that is to be cleansed, to make an atonement for him before the LORD.	
Leviticus 14:34	When ye be come into the land of Canaan, which I give to you for a possession, and I put the plague of leprosy in a house of the land of your possession;	
Leviticus 14:38	Then the priest shall go out of the house to the door of the house, and shut up the house seven days:	
Leviticus 14:41	And he shall cause the house to be scraped within round about, and they shall pour out the dust that they scrape off without the city into an unclean place:	
Leviticus 14:44	Then the priest shall come and look, and, behold, if the plague be spread in the house, it is a fretting leprosy in the house; it is unclean.	
Leviticus 14:47	And he that lieth in the house shall wash his clothes; and he that eateth in the house shall wash his clothes.	
Leviticus 14:54	This is the law for all manner of plague of leprosy, and scall,	
Leviticus 14:8	And he that is to be cleansed shall wash his clothes, and shave off all his hair, and wash himself in water, that he may be clean: and after that he shall come into the camp, and shall tarry abroad out of his tent seven days.	
Leviticus 15:12	And the vessel of earth, that he toucheth which hath the issue, shall be broken: and every vessel of wood shall be rinsed in water.	
Leviticus 15:18	The woman also with whom man shall lie with seed of copulation, they shall both bathe themselves in water, and be unclean until the even.	
Leviticus 15:25	And if a woman have an issue of her blood many days out of the time of her separation, or if it run beyond the time of her separation; all the days of the issue of her uncleanness shall be as the days of her separation: she shall be unclean.	
Leviticus 15:4	Every bed, whereon he lieth that hath the issue, is unclean: and every thing, whereon he sitteth, shall be unclean.	
Leviticus 16:1	And the LORD spake unto Moses after the death of the two sons of Aaron, when they offered before the LORD, and died;	
Leviticus 16:11	And Aaron shall bring the bullock of the sin offering, which is for himself, and shall make an atonement for himself, and for his house, and shall kill the bullock of the sin offering which is for himself:	
Leviticus 16:18	And he shall go out unto the altar that is before the LORD, and make an atonement for it; and shall take of the blood of the bullock, and of the blood of the goat, and put it upon the horns of the altar round about.	
Leviticus 16:24	And he shall wash his flesh with water in the holy place, and put on his garments, and come forth, and offer his burnt offering, and the burnt offering of the people, and make an atonement for himself, and for the people.	
Leviticus 16:28	And he that burneth them shall wash his clothes, and bathe his flesh in water, and afterward he shall come into the camp.	
Leviticus 16:29	And this shall be a statute for ever unto you: that in the seventh month, on the tenth day of the month, ye shall afflict your souls, and do no work at all, whether it be one of your own country, or a stranger that sojourneth among you:	
Leviticus 16:30	For on that day shall the priest make an atonement for you, to cleanse you, that ye may be clean from all your sins before the LORD.	
Leviticus 16:33	And he shall make an atonement for the holy sanctuary, and he shall make an atonement for the tabernacle of the congregation, and for the altar, and he shall make an atonement for the priests, and for all the people of the congregation.	
Leviticus 17:12	Therefore I said unto the children of Israel, No soul of you shall eat blood, neither shall any stranger that sojourneth among you eat blood.	
Leviticus 17:3	What man soever there be of the house of Israel, that killeth an ox, or lamb, or goat, in the camp, or that killeth it out of the camp,	
Leviticus 17:4	And bringeth it not unto the door of the tabernacle of the congregation, to offer an offering unto the LORD before the tabernacle of the LORD; blood shall be imputed unto that man; he hath shed blood; and that man shall be cut off from among his people:	
Leviticus 17:6	And the priest shall sprinkle the blood upon the altar of the LORD at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation, and burn the fat for a sweet savor unto the LORD.	
Leviticus 17:9	And bringeth it not unto the door of the tabernacle of the congregation, to offer it unto the LORD; even that man shall be cut off from among his people.	
Leviticus 18:11	The nakedness of thy father's wife's daughter, begotten of thy father, she is thy sister, thou shalt not uncover her nakedness.	
Leviticus 18:12	Thou shalt not uncover the nakedness of thy father's sister: she is thy father's near kinswoman.	
Leviticus 18:19	Also thou shalt not approach unto a woman to uncover her nakedness, as long as she is put apart for her uncleanness.	
Leviticus 18:2	Speak unto the children of Israel, and say unto them, I am the LORD your God.	
Leviticus 18:22	Thou shalt not lie with mankind, as with womankind: it is abomination.	
Leviticus 18:25	And the land is defiled: therefore I do visit the iniquity thereof upon it, and the land itself vomiteth out her inhabitants.	
Leviticus 18:29	For whosoever shall commit any of these abominations, even the souls that commit them shall be cut off from among their people.	
Leviticus 19:1	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,	
Leviticus 19:11	Ye shall not steal, neither deal falsely, neither lie one to another.	
Leviticus 19:19	Ye shall keep my statutes. Thou shalt not let thy cattle gender with a diverse kind: thou shalt not sow thy field with mingled seed: neither shall a garment mingled of linen and woolen come upon thee.	
Leviticus 19:23	And when ye shall come into the land, and shall have planted all manner of trees for food, then ye shall count the fruit thereof as uncircumcised: three years shall it be as uncircumcised unto you: it shall not be eaten of.	
Leviticus 19:28	Ye shall not make any cuttings in your flesh for the dead, nor print any marks upon you: I am the LORD.	
Leviticus 19:3	Ye shall fear every man his mother, and his father, and keep my sabbaths: I am the LORD your God.	
Leviticus 19:33	And if a stranger sojourn with thee in your land, ye shall not vex him.	
Leviticus 19:37	Therefore shall ye observe all my statutes, and all my judgments, and do them: I am the LORD.	
Leviticus 19:5	And if ye offer a sacrifice of peace offerings unto the LORD, ye shall offer it at your own will.	
Leviticus 1:1	And the LORD called unto Moses, and spake unto him out of the tabernacle of the congregation, saying,	
Leviticus 1:12	And he shall cut it into his pieces, with his head and his fat: and the priest shall lay them in order on the wood that is on the fire which is upon the altar:	
Leviticus 1:13	But he shall wash the inwards and the legs with water: and the priest shall bring it all, and burn it upon the altar: it is a burnt sacrifice, an offering made by fire, of a sweet savor unto the LORD.	
Leviticus 1:3	If his offering be a burnt sacrifice of the herd, let him offer a male without blemish: he shall offer it of his own voluntary will at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation before the LORD.	
Leviticus 1:7	And the sons of Aaron the priest shall put fire upon the altar, and lay the wood in order upon the fire:	
Leviticus 1:8	And the priests, Aaron's sons, shall lay the parts, the head, and the fat, in order upon the wood that is on the fire which is upon the altar:	
Leviticus 20:12	And if a man lie with his daughter in law, both of them shall surely be put to death: they have wrought confusion; their blood shall be upon them.	
Leviticus 20:13	If a man also lie with mankind, as he lieth with a woman, both of them have committed an abomination: they shall surely be put to death; their blood shall be upon them.	
Leviticus 20:16	And if a woman approach unto any beast, and lie down thereto, thou shalt kill the woman, and the beast: they shall surely be put to death; their blood shall be upon them.	
Leviticus 20:21	And if a man shall take his brother's wife, it is an unclean thing: he hath uncovered his brother's nakedness; they shall be childless.	
Leviticus 20:24	But I have said unto you, Ye shall inherit their land, and I will give it unto you to possess it, a land that floweth with milk and honey: I am the LORD your God, which have separated you from other people.	
Leviticus 20:27	A man also or woman that hath a familiar spirit, or that is a wizard, shall surely be put to death: they shall stone them with stones: their blood shall be upon them.	
Leviticus 20:7	Sanctify yourselves therefore, and be ye holy: for I am the LORD your God.	
Leviticus 21:18	For whatsoever man he be that hath a blemish, he shall not approach: a blind man, or a lame, or he that hath a flat nose, or any thing superfluous,	
Leviticus 21:19	Or a man that is broken-footed, or broken-handed,	
Leviticus 21:23	Only he shall not go in unto the vail, nor come nigh unto the altar, because he hath a blemish; that he profane not my sanctuaries: for I the LORD do sanctify them.	
Leviticus 22:1	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,	
Leviticus 22:14	And if a man eat of the holy thing unwittingly, then he shall put the fifth part thereof unto it, and shall give it unto the priest with the holy thing.	
Leviticus 22:19	Ye shall offer at your own will a male without blemish, of the beeves, of the sheep, or of the goats.	
Leviticus 22:21	And whosoever offereth a sacrifice of peace offerings unto the LORD to accomplish his vow, or a freewill offering in beeves or sheep, it shall be perfect to be accepted; there shall be no blemish therein.	
Leviticus 22:27	When a bullock, or a sheep, or a goat, is brought forth, then it shall be seven days under the dam; and from the eighth day and thenceforth it shall be accepted for an offering made by fire unto the LORD.	
Leviticus 22:31	Therefore shall ye keep my commandments, and do them: I am the LORD.	
Leviticus 22:6	The soul which hath touched any such shall be unclean until even, and shall not eat of the holy things, unless he wash his flesh with water.	
Leviticus 22:8	That which dieth of itself, or is torn with beasts, he shall not eat to defile himself therewith; I am the LORD.	
Leviticus 23:11	And he shall wave the sheaf before the LORD, to be accepted for you: on the morrow after the sabbath the priest shall wave it.	
Leviticus 23:13	And the meat offering thereof shall be two tenth deals of fine flour mingled with oil, an offering made by fire unto the LORD for a sweet savor: and the drink offering thereof shall be of wine, the fourth part of an hin.	
Leviticus 23:16	Even unto the morrow after the seventh sabbath shall ye number fifty days; and ye shall offer a new meat offering unto the LORD.	
Leviticus 23:20	And the priest shall wave them with the bread of the firstfruits for a wave offering before the LORD, with the two lambs: they shall be holy to the LORD for the priest.	
Leviticus 23:21	And ye shall proclaim on the selfsame day, that it may be an holy convocation unto you: ye shall do no servile work therein: it shall be a statute for ever in all your dwellings throughout your generations.	
Leviticus 23:22	And when ye reap the harvest of your land, thou shalt not make clean riddance of the corners of thy field when thou reapest, neither shalt thou gather any gleaning of thy harvest: thou shalt leave them unto the poor, and to the stranger: I am the LORD your God.	
Leviticus 23:25	Ye shall do no servile work therein: but ye shall offer an offering made by fire unto the LORD.	
Leviticus 23:26	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,	
Leviticus 23:3	Six days shall work be done: but the seventh day is the sabbath of rest, an holy convocation; ye shall do no work therein: it is the sabbath of the LORD in all your dwellings.	
Leviticus 23:32	It shall be unto you a sabbath of rest, and ye shall afflict your souls: in the ninth day of the month at even, from even unto even, shall ye celebrate your sabbath.	
Leviticus 23:33	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,	
Leviticus 23:37	These are the feasts of the LORD, which ye shall proclaim to be holy convocations, to offer an offering made by fire unto the LORD, a burnt offering, and a meat offering, a sacrifice, and drink offerings, every thing upon his day:	
Leviticus 23:41	And ye shall keep it a feast unto the LORD seven days in the year. It shall be a statute for ever in your generations: ye shall celebrate it in the seventh month.	
Leviticus 23:44	And Moses declared unto the children of Israel the feasts of the LORD.	
Leviticus 23:8	But ye shall offer an offering made by fire unto the LORD seven days: in the seventh day is an holy convocation: ye shall do no servile work therein.	
Leviticus 24:10	And the son of an Israelitish woman, whose father was an Egyptian, went out among the children of Israel: and this son of the Israelitish woman and a man of Israel strove together in the camp;	
Leviticus 24:14	Bring forth him that hath cursed without the camp; and let all that heard him lay their hands upon his head, and let all the congregation stone him.	
Leviticus 24:21	And he that killeth a beast, he shall restore it: and he that killeth a man, he shall be put to death.	
Leviticus 24:22	Ye shall have one manner of law, as well for the stranger, as for one of your own country: for I am the LORD your God.	
Leviticus 24:5	And thou shalt take fine flour, and bake twelve cakes thereof: two tenth deals shall be in one cake.	
Leviticus 25:11	A jubilee shall that fiftieth year be unto you: ye shall not sow, neither reap that which groweth of itself in it, nor gather the grapes in it of thy vine undressed.	
Leviticus 25:13	In the year of this jubilee ye shall return every man unto his possession.	
Leviticus 25:16	According to the multitude of years thou shalt increase the price thereof, and according to the fewness of years thou shalt diminish the price of it: for according to the number of the years of the fruits doth he sell unto thee.	
Leviticus 25:18	Wherefore ye shall do my statutes, and keep my judgments, and do them; and ye shall dwell in the land in safety.	
Leviticus 25:2	Speak unto the children of Israel, and say unto them, When ye come into the land which I give you, then shall the land keep a sabbath unto the LORD.	
Leviticus 25:21	Then I will command my blessing upon you in the sixth year, and it shall bring forth fruit for three years.	
Leviticus 25:23	The land shall not be sold for ever: for the land is mine, for ye are strangers and sojourners with me.	
Leviticus 25:25	If thy brother be waxen poor, and hath sold away some of his possession, and if any of his kin come to redeem it, then shall he redeem that which his brother sold.	
Leviticus 25:33	And if a man purchase of the Levites, then the house that was sold, and the city of his possession, shall go out in the year of jubilee: for the houses of the cities of the Levites are their possession among the children of Israel.	
Leviticus 25:34	But the field of the suburbs of their cities may not be sold; for it is their perpetual possession.	
Leviticus 25:39	And if thy brother that dwelleth by thee be waxen poor, and be sold unto thee; thou shalt not compel him to serve as a bondservant:	
Leviticus 25:42	For they are my servants, which I brought forth out of the land of Egypt: they shall not be sold as bondmen.	
Leviticus 25:5	That which groweth of its own accord of thy harvest thou shalt not reap, neither gather the grapes of thy vine undressed: for it is a year of rest unto the land.	
Leviticus 25:52	And if there remain but few years unto the year of jubilee, then he shall count with him, and according unto his years shall he give him again the price of his redemption.	
Leviticus 25:6	And the sabbath of the land shall be meat for you; for thee, and for thy servant, and for thy maid, and for thy hired servant, and for thy stranger that sojourneth with thee.	
Leviticus 26:11	And I set my tabernacle among you: and my soul shall not abhor you.	
Leviticus 26:14	But if ye will not hearken unto me, and will not do all these commandments;	
Leviticus 26:15	And if ye shall despise my statutes, or if your soul abhor my judgments, so that ye will not do all my commandments, but that ye break my covenant:	
Leviticus 26:2	Ye shall keep my sabbaths, and reverence my sanctuary: I am the LORD.	
Leviticus 26:23	And if ye will not be reformed by me by these things, but will walk contrary unto me;	
Leviticus 26:24	Then will I also walk contrary unto you, and will punish you yet seven times for your sins.	
Leviticus 26:30	And I will destroy your high places, and cut down your images, and cast your carcasses upon the carcasses of your idols, and my soul shall abhor you.	
Leviticus 26:32	And I will bring the land into desolation: and your enemies which dwell therein shall be astonished at it.	
Leviticus 26:35	As long as it lieth desolate it shall rest; because it did not rest in your sabbaths, when ye dwelt upon it.	
Leviticus 26:38	And ye shall perish among the heathen, and the land of your enemies shall eat you up.	
Leviticus 26:41	And that I also have walked contrary unto them, and have brought them into the land of their enemies; if then their uncircumcised hearts be humbled, and they then accept of the punishment of their iniquity:	
Leviticus 26:45	But I will for their sakes remember the covenant of their ancestors, whom I brought forth out of the land of Egypt in the sight of the heathen, that I might be their God: I am the LORD.	
Leviticus 26:46	These are the statutes and judgments and laws, which the LORD made between him and the children of Israel in mount Sinai by the hand of Moses.	
Leviticus 26:6	And I will give peace in the land, and ye shall lie down, and none shall make you afraid: and I will rid evil beasts out of the land, neither shall the sword go through your land.	
Leviticus 27:11	And if it be any unclean beast, of which they do not offer a sacrifice unto the LORD, then he shall present the beast before the priest:	
Leviticus 27:18	But if he sanctify his field after the jubilee, then the priest shall reckon unto him the money according to the years that remain, even unto the year of the jubilee, and it shall be abated from thy estimation.	
Leviticus 27:23	Then the priest shall reckon unto him the worth of thy estimation, even unto the year of the jubilee: and he shall give thine estimation in that day, as a holy thing unto the LORD.	
Leviticus 27:27	And if it be of an unclean beast, then he shall redeem it according to thine estimation, and shall add a fifth part of it thereto: or if it be not redeemed, then it shall be sold according to thy estimation.	
Leviticus 27:28	Notwithstanding no devoted thing, that a man shall devote unto the LORD of all that he hath, both of man and beast, and of the field of his possession, shall be sold or redeemed: every devoted thing is most holy unto the LORD.	
Leviticus 27:29	None devoted, which shall be devoted of men, shall be redeemed; but shall surely be put to death.	
Leviticus 27:3	And thy estimation shall be of the male from twenty years old even unto sixty years old, even thy estimation shall be fifty shekels of silver, after the shekel of the sanctuary.	
Leviticus 27:31	And if a man will at all redeem ought of his tithes, he shall add thereto the fifth part thereof.	
Leviticus 27:33	He shall not search whether it be good or bad, neither shall he change it: and if he change it at all, then both it and the change thereof shall be holy; it shall not be redeemed.	
Leviticus 2:10	And that which is left of the meat offering shall be Aaron's and his sons': it is a thing most holy of the offerings of the LORD made by fire.	
Leviticus 2:11	No meat offering, which ye shall bring unto the LORD, shall be made with leaven: for ye shall burn no leaven, nor any honey, in any offering of the LORD made by fire.	
Leviticus 2:2	And he shall bring it to Aaron's sons the priests: and he shall take thereout his handful of the flour thereof, and of the oil thereof, with all the frankincense thereof; and the priest shall burn the memorial of it upon the altar, to be an offering made by fire, of a sweet savor unto the LORD:	
Leviticus 2:4	And if thou bring an oblation of a meat offering baked in the oven, it shall be unleavened cakes of fine flour mingled with oil, or unleavened wafers anointed with oil.	
Leviticus 3:2	And he shall lay his hand upon the head of his offering, and kill it at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation: and Aaron's sons the priests shall sprinkle the blood upon the altar round about.	
Leviticus 3:7	If he offer a lamb for his offering, then shall he offer it before the LORD.	
Leviticus 4:14	When the sin, which they have sinned against it, is known, then the congregation shall offer a young bullock for the sin, and bring him before the tabernacle of the congregation.	
Leviticus 4:15	And the elders of the congregation shall lay their hands upon the head of the bullock before the LORD: and the bullock shall be killed before the LORD.	
Leviticus 4:16	And the priest that is anointed shall bring of the bullock's blood to the tabernacle of the congregation:	
Leviticus 4:18	And he shall put some of the blood upon the horns of the altar which is before the LORD, that is in the tabernacle of the congregation, and shall pour out all the blood at the bottom of the altar of the burnt offering, which is at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation.	
Leviticus 4:20	And he shall do with the bullock as he did with the bullock for a sin offering, so shall he do with this: and the priest shall make an atonement for them, and it shall be forgiven them.	
Leviticus 4:22	When a ruler hath sinned, and done somewhat through ignorance against any of the commandments of the LORD his God concerning things which should not be done, and is guilty;	
Leviticus 4:24	And he shall lay his hand upon the head of the goat, and kill it in the place where they kill the burnt offering before the LORD: it is a sin offering.	
Leviticus 4:25	And the priest shall take of the blood of the sin offering with his finger, and put it upon the horns of the altar of burnt offering, and shall pour out his blood at the bottom of the altar of burnt offering.	
Leviticus 4:26	And he shall burn all his fat upon the altar, as the fat of the sacrifice of peace offerings: and the priest shall make an atonement for him as concerning his sin, and it shall be forgiven him.	
Leviticus 4:28	Or if his sin, which he hath sinned, come to his knowledge: then he shall bring his offering, a kid of the goats, a female without blemish, for his sin which he hath sinned.	
Leviticus 4:3	If the priest that is anointed do sin according to the sin of the people; then let him bring for his sin, which he hath sinned, a young bullock without blemish unto the LORD for a sin offering.	
Leviticus 4:30	And the priest shall take of the blood thereof with his finger, and put it upon the horns of the altar of burnt offering, and shall pour out all the blood thereof at the bottom of the altar.	
Leviticus 4:32	And if he bring a lamb for a sin offering, he shall bring it a female without blemish.	
Leviticus 4:6	And the priest shall dip his finger in the blood, and sprinkle of the blood seven times before the LORD, before the vail of the sanctuary.	
Leviticus 5:1	And if a soul sin, and hear the voice of swearing, and is a witness, whether he hath seen or known of it; if he do not utter it, then he shall bear his iniquity.	
Leviticus 5:11	But if he be not able to bring two turtledoves, or two young pigeons, then he that sinned shall bring for his offering the tenth part of an ephah of fine flour for a sin offering; he shall put no oil upon it, neither shall he put any frankincense thereon: for it is a sin offering.	
Leviticus 5:12	Then shall he bring it to the priest, and the priest shall take his handful of it, even a memorial thereof, and burn it on the altar, according to the offerings made by fire unto the LORD: it is a sin offering.	
Leviticus 5:13	And the priest shall make an atonement for him as touching his sin that he hath sinned in one of these, and it shall be forgiven him: and the remnant shall be the priest's, as a meat offering.	
Leviticus 5:3	Or if he touch the uncleanness of man, whatsoever uncleanness it be that a man shall be defiled withal, and it be hid from him; when he knoweth of it, then he shall be guilty.	
Leviticus 5:5	And it shall be, when he shall be guilty in one of these things, that he shall confess that he hath sinned in that thing:	
Leviticus 5:6	And he shall bring his trespass offering unto the LORD for his sin which he hath sinned, a female from the flock, a lamb or a kid of the goats, for a sin offering; and the priest shall make an atonement for him concerning his sin.	
Leviticus 5:9	And he shall sprinkle of the blood of the sin offering upon the side of the altar; and the rest of the blood shall be wrung out at the bottom of the altar: it is a sin offering.	
Leviticus 6:1	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,	
Leviticus 6:11	And he shall put off his garments, and put on other garments, and carry forth the ashes without the camp unto a clean place.	
Leviticus 6:13	The fire shall ever be burning upon the altar; it shall never go out.	
Leviticus 6:18	All the males among the children of Aaron shall eat of it. It shall be a statute for ever in your generations concerning the offerings of the LORD made by fire: every one that toucheth them shall be holy.	
Leviticus 6:25	Speak unto Aaron and to his sons, saying, This is the law of the sin offering: In the place where the burnt offering is killed shall the sin offering be killed before the LORD: it is most holy.	
Leviticus 6:30	And no sin offering, whereof any of the blood is brought into the tabernacle of the congregation to reconcile withal in the holy place, shall be eaten: it shall be burnt in the fire.	
Leviticus 6:6	And he shall bring his trespass offering unto the LORD, a ram without blemish out of the flock, with thy estimation, for a trespass offering, unto the priest:	
Leviticus 7:10	And every meat offering, mingled with oil, and dry, shall all the sons of Aaron have, one as much as another.	
Leviticus 7:21	Moreover the soul that shall touch any unclean thing, as the uncleanness of man, or any unclean beast, or any abominable unclean thing, and eat of the flesh of the sacrifice of peace offerings, which pertain unto the LORD, even that soul shall be cut off from his people.	
Leviticus 7:22	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,	
Leviticus 7:23	Speak unto the children of Israel, saying, Ye shall eat no manner of fat, of ox, or of sheep, or of goat.	
Leviticus 7:25	For whosoever eateth the fat of the beast, of which men offer an offering made by fire unto the LORD, even the soul that eateth it shall be cut off from his people.	
Leviticus 7:26	Moreover ye shall eat no manner of blood, whether it be of fowl or of beast, in any of your dwellings.	
Leviticus 7:31	And the priest shall burn the fat upon the altar: but the breast shall be Aaron's and his sons'.	
Leviticus 7:38	Which the LORD commanded Moses in mount Sinai, in the day that he commanded the children of Israel to offer their oblations unto the LORD, in the wilderness of Sinai.	
Leviticus 7:4	And the two kidneys, and the fat that is on them, which is by the flanks, and the caul that is above the liver, with the kidneys, it shall he take away:	
Leviticus 8:14	And he brought the bullock for the sin offering: and Aaron and his sons laid their hands upon the head of the bullock for the sin offering.	
Leviticus 8:15	And he slew it; and Moses took the blood, and put it upon the horns of the altar round about with his finger, and purified the altar, and poured the blood at the bottom of the altar, and sanctified it, to make reconciliation upon it.	
Leviticus 8:17	But the bullock, and his hide, his flesh, and his dung, he burnt with fire without the camp; as the LORD commanded Moses.	
Leviticus 8:19	And he killed it; and Moses sprinkled the blood upon the altar round about.	
Leviticus 8:21	And he washed the inwards and the legs in water; and Moses burnt the whole ram upon the altar: it was a burnt sacrifice for a sweet savor, and an offering made by fire unto the LORD; as the LORD commanded Moses.	
Leviticus 8:9	And he put the mitre upon his head; also upon the mitre, even upon his forefront, did he put the golden plate, the holy crown; as the LORD commanded Moses.	
Leviticus 9:1	And it came to pass on the eighth day, that Moses called Aaron and his sons, and the elders of Israel;	
Leviticus 9:14	And he did wash the inwards and the legs, and burnt them upon the burnt offering on the altar.	
Leviticus 9:18	He slew also the bullock and the ram for a sacrifice of peace offerings, which was for the people: and Aaron's sons presented unto him the blood, which he sprinkled upon the altar round about,	
Leviticus 9:5	And they brought that which Moses commanded before the tabernacle of the congregation: and all the congregation drew near and stood before the LORD.	
Leviticus 9:9	And the sons of Aaron brought the blood unto him: and he dipped his finger in the blood, and put it upon the horns of the altar, and poured out the blood at the bottom of the altar:	
Luke 10:11	Even the very dust of your city, which cleaveth on us, we do wipe off against you: notwithstanding be ye sure of this, that the kingdom of God is come nigh unto you.	
Luke 10:17	And the seventy returned again with joy, saying, Lord, even the devils are subject unto us through thy name.	
Luke 10:19	Behold, I give unto you power to tread on serpents and scorpions, and over all the power of the enemy: and nothing shall by any means hurt you.	
Luke 10:21	In that hour Jesus rejoiced in spirit, and said, I thank thee, O Father, Lord of heaven and earth, that thou hast hid these things from the wise and prudent, and hast revealed them unto babes: even so, Father; for so it seemed good in thy sight.	
Luke 10:22	All things are delivered to me of my Father: and no man knoweth who the Son is, but the Father; and who the Father is, but the Son, and he to whom the Son will reveal him.	
Luke 10:23	And he turned him unto his disciples, and said privately, Blessed are the eyes which see the things that ye see:	
Luke 10:25	And, behold, a certain lawyer stood up, and tempted him, saying, Master, what shall I do to inherit eternal life?	
Luke 10:28	And he said unto him, Thou hast answered right: this do, and thou shalt live.	
Luke 10:29	But he, willing to justify himself, said unto Jesus, And who is my neighbour?	
Luke 10:30	And Jesus answering said, A certain man went down from Jerusalem to Jericho, and fell among thieves, which stripped him of his raiment, and wounded him, and departed, leaving him half dead.	
Luke 10:36	Which now of these three, thinkest thou, was neighbour unto him that fell among the thieves?	
Luke 10:39	And she had a sister called Mary, which also sat at Jesus' feet, and heard his word.	
Luke 10:7	And in the same house remain, eating and drinking such things as they give: for the labourer is worthy of his hire. Go not from house to house.	
Luke 11:1	And it came to pass, that, as he was praying in a certain place, when he ceased, one of his disciples said unto him, Lord, teach us to pray, as John also taught his disciples.	
Luke 11:11	If a son shall ask bread of any of you that is a father, will he give him a stone? or if he ask a fish, will he for a fish give him a serpent?	
Luke 11:14	And he was casting out a devil, and it was dumb. And it came to pass, when the devil was gone out, the dumb spake; and the people wondered.	
Luke 11:15	But some of them said, He casteth out devils through Beelzebub the chief of the devils.	
Luke 11:16	And others, tempting him, sought of him a sign from heaven.	
Luke 11:17	But he, knowing their thoughts, said unto them, Every kingdom divided against itself is brought to desolation; and a house divided against a house falleth.	
Luke 11:18	If Satan also be divided against himself, how shall his kingdom stand? because ye say that I cast out devils through Beelzebub.	
Luke 11:21	When a strong man armed keepeth his palace, his goods are in peace:	
Luke 11:26	Then goeth he, and taketh to him seven other spirits more wicked than himself; and they enter in, and dwell there: and the last state of that man is worse than the first.	
Luke 11:27	And it came to pass, as he spake these things, a certain woman of the company lifted up her voice, and said unto him, Blessed is the womb that bare thee, and the paps which thou hast sucked.	
Luke 11:4	And forgive us our sins; for we also forgive every one that is indebted to us. And lead us not into temptation; but deliver us from evil.	
Luke 11:40	Ye fools, did not he that made that which is without make that which is within also?	
Luke 11:41	But rather give alms of such things as ye have; and, behold, all things are clean unto you.	
Luke 11:44	Woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! for ye are as graves which appear not, and the men that walk over them are not aware of them.	
Luke 11:47	Woe unto you! for ye build the sepulchres of the prophets, and your fathers killed them.	
Luke 12:1	In the mean time, when there were gathered together an innumerable multitude of people, insomuch that they trode one upon another, he began to say unto his disciples first of all, Beware ye of the leaven of the Pharisees, which is hypocrisy.	
Luke 12:13	And one of the company said unto him, Master, speak to my brother, that he divide the inheritance with me.	
Luke 12:21	So is he that layeth up treasure for himself, and is not rich toward God.	
Luke 12:39	And this know, that if the goodman of the house had known what hour the thief would come, he would have watched, and not have suffered his house to be broken through.	
Luke 12:47	And that servant, which knew his lord's will, and prepared not himself, neither did according to his will, shall be beaten with many stripes.	
Luke 12:52	For from henceforth there shall be five in one house divided, three against two, and two against three.	
Luke 12:58	When thou goest with thine adversary to the magistrate, as thou art in the way, give diligence that thou mayest be delivered from him; lest he hale thee to the judge, and the judge deliver thee to the officer, and the officer cast thee into prison.	
Luke 13:12	And when Jesus saw her, he called her to him, and said unto her, Woman, thou art loosed from thine infirmity.	
Luke 13:13	And he laid his hands on her: and immediately she was made straight, and glorified God.	
Luke 13:14	And the ruler of the synagogue answered with indignation, because that Jesus had healed on the sabbath day, and said unto the people, There are six days in which men ought to work: in them therefore come and be healed, and not on the sabbath day.	
Luke 13:15	The Lord then answered him, and said, Thou hypocrite, doth not each one of you on the sabbath loose his ox or his ass from the stall, and lead him away to watering?	
Luke 13:18	Then said he, Unto what is the kingdom of God like? and whereunto shall I resemble it?	
Luke 13:19	It is like a grain of mustard seed, which a man took, and cast into his garden; and it grew, and waxed a great tree; and the fowls of the air lodged in the branches of it.	
Luke 13:21	It is like leaven, which a woman took and hid in three measures of meal, till the whole was leavened.	
Luke 13:23	Then said one unto him, Lord, are there few that be saved? And he said unto them,	
Luke 13:24	Strive to enter in at the strait gate: for many, I say unto you, will seek to enter in, and shall not be able.	
Luke 13:25	When once the master of the house is risen up, and hath shut to the door, and ye begin to stand without, and to knock at the door, saying, Lord, Lord, open unto us; and he shall answer and say unto you, I know you not whence ye are:	
Luke 13:27	But he shall say, I tell you, I know you not whence ye are; depart from me, all ye workers of iniquity.	
Luke 13:28	There shall be weeping and gnashing of teeth, when ye shall see Abraham, and Isaac, and Jacob, and all the prophets, in the kingdom of God, and you yourselves thrust out.	
Luke 13:3	I tell you, Nay: but, except ye repent, ye shall all likewise perish.	
Luke 13:30	And, behold, there are last which shall be first, and there are first which shall be last.	
Luke 13:31	The same day there came certain of the Pharisees, saying unto him, Get thee out, and depart hence: for Herod will kill thee.	
Luke 13:8	And he answering said unto him, Lord, let it alone this year also, till I shall dig about it, and dung it:	
Luke 14:1	And it came to pass, as he went into the house of one of the chief Pharisees to eat bread on the sabbath day, that they watched him.	
Luke 14:18	And they all with one consent began to make excuse. The first said unto him, I have bought a piece of ground, and I must needs go and see it: I pray thee have me excused.	
Luke 14:2	And, behold, there was a certain man before him which had the dropsy.	
Luke 14:24	For I say unto you, That none of those men which were bidden shall taste of my supper.	
Luke 14:26	If any man come to me, and hate not his father, and mother, and wife, and children, and brethren, and sisters, yea, and his own life also, he cannot be my disciple.	
Luke 14:27	And whosoever doth not bear his cross, and come after me, cannot be my disciple.	
Luke 14:28	For which of you, intending to build a tower, sitteth not down first, and counteth the cost, whether he have sufficient to finish it?	
Luke 14:31	Or what king, going to make war against another king, sitteth not down first, and consulteth whether he be able with ten thousand to meet him that cometh against him with twenty thousand?	
Luke 14:32	Or else, while the other is yet a great way off, he sendeth an ambassage, and desireth conditions of peace.	
Luke 14:35	It is neither fit for the land, nor yet for the dunghill; but men cast it out. He that hath ears to hear, let him hear.	
Luke 14:4	And they held their peace. And he took him, and healed him, and let him go;	
Luke 14:5	And answered them, saying, Which of you shall have an ass or an ox fallen into a pit, and will not straightway pull him out on the sabbath day?	
Luke 15:12	And the younger of them said to his father, Father, give me the portion of goods that falleth to me. And he divided unto them his living.	
Luke 15:15	And he went and joined himself to a citizen of that country; and he sent him into his fields to feed swine.	
Luke 15:16	And he would fain have filled his belly with the husks that the swine did eat: and no man gave unto him.	
Luke 15:17	And when he came to himself, he said, How many hired servants of my father's have bread enough and to spare, and I perish with hunger!	
Luke 15:23	And bring hither the fatted calf, and kill it; and let us eat, and be merry:	
Luke 15:24	For this my son was dead, and is alive again; he was lost, and is found. And they began to be merry.	
Luke 15:26	And he called one of the servants, and asked what these things meant.	
Luke 15:27	And he said unto him, Thy brother is come; and thy father hath killed the fatted calf, because he hath received him safe and sound.	
Luke 15:30	But as soon as this thy son was come, which hath devoured thy living with harlots, thou hast killed for him the fatted calf.	
Luke 15:6	And when he cometh home, he calleth together his friends and neighbours, saying unto them, Rejoice with me; for I have found my sheep which was lost.	
Luke 16:17	And it is easier for heaven and earth to pass, than one tittle of the law to fail.	
Luke 16:21	And desiring to be fed with the crumbs which fell from the rich man's table: moreover the dogs came and licked his sores.	
Luke 16:22	And it came to pass, that the beggar died, and was carried by the angels into Abraham's bosom: the rich man also died, and was buried;	
Luke 16:23	And in hell he lift up his eyes, being in torments, and seeth Abraham afar off, and Lazarus in his bosom.	
Luke 16:27	Then he said, I pray thee therefore, father, that thou wouldest send him to my father's house:	
Luke 16:28	For I have five brethren; that he may testify unto them, lest they also come into this place of torment.	
Luke 16:7	Then said he to another, And how much owest thou? And he said, An hundred measures of wheat. And he said unto him, Take thy bill, and write fourscore.	
Luke 17:1	Then said he unto the disciples, It is impossible but that offences will come: but woe unto him, through whom they come!	
Luke 17:20	And when he was demanded of the Pharisees, when the kingdom of God should come, he answered them and said, The kingdom of God cometh not with observation:	
Luke 17:30	Even thus shall it be in the day when the Son of man is revealed.	
Luke 17:36	Two men shall be in the field; the one shall be taken, and the other left.	
Luke 17:37	And they answered and said unto him, Where, Lord? And he said unto them, Wheresoever the body is, thither will the eagles be gathered together.	
Luke 17:4	And if he trespass against thee seven times in a day, and seven times in a day turn again to thee, saying, I repent; thou shalt forgive him.	
Luke 17:5	And the apostles said unto the Lord, Increase our faith.	
Luke 18:11	The Pharisee stood and prayed thus with himself, God, I thank thee, that I am not as other men are, extortioners, unjust, adulterers, or even as this publican.	
Luke 18:14	I tell you, this man went down to his house justified rather than the other: for every one that exalteth himself shall be abased; and he that humbleth himself shall be exalted.	
Luke 18:16	But Jesus called them unto him, and said, Suffer little children to come unto me, and forbid them not: for of such is the kingdom of God.	
Luke 18:22	Now when Jesus heard these things, he said unto him, Yet lackest thou one thing: sell all that thou hast, and distribute unto the poor, and thou shalt have treasure in heaven: and come, follow me.	
Luke 18:31	Then he took unto him the twelve, and said unto them, Behold, we go up to Jerusalem, and all things that are written by the prophets concerning the Son of man shall be accomplished.	
Luke 18:32	For he shall be delivered unto the Gentiles, and shall be mocked, and spitefully entreated, and spitted on:	
Luke 18:37	And they told him, that Jesus of Nazareth passeth by.	
Luke 18:40	And Jesus stood, and commanded him to be brought unto him: and when he was come near, he asked him,	
Luke 18:42	And Jesus said unto him, Receive thy sight: thy faith hath saved thee.	
Luke 18:5	Yet because this widow troubleth me, I will avenge her, lest by her continual coming she weary me.	
Luke 18:9	And he spake this parable unto certain which trusted in themselves that they were righteous, and despised others:	
Luke 19:1	And Jesus entered and passed through Jericho.	
Luke 19:10	For the Son of man is come to seek and to save that which was lost.	
Luke 19:16	Then came the first, saying, Lord, thy pound hath gained ten pounds.	
Luke 19:20	And another came, saying, Lord, behold, here is thy pound, which I have kept laid up in a napkin:	
Luke 19:22	And he saith unto him, Out of thine own mouth will I judge thee, thou wicked servant. Thou knewest that I was an austere man, taking up that I laid not down, and reaping that I did not sow:	
Luke 19:23	Wherefore then gavest not thou my money into the bank, that at my coming I might have required mine own with usury?	
Luke 19:25	(And they said unto him, Lord, he hath ten pounds.)	
Luke 19:28	And when he had thus spoken, he went before, ascending up to Jerusalem.	
Luke 19:3	And he sought to see Jesus who he was; and could not for the press, because he was little of stature.	
Luke 19:34	And they said, The Lord hath need of him.	
Luke 19:39	And some of the Pharisees from among the multitude said unto him, Master, rebuke thy disciples.	
Luke 19:4	And he ran before, and climbed up into a sycomore tree to see him: for he was to pass that way.	
Luke 19:41	And when he was come near, he beheld the city, and wept over it,	
Luke 19:43	For the days shall come upon thee, that thine enemies shall cast a trench about thee, and compass thee round, and keep thee in on every side,	
Luke 19:44	And shall lay thee even with the ground, and thy children within thee; and they shall not leave in thee one stone upon another; because thou knewest not the time of thy visitation.	
Luke 19:45	And he went into the temple, and began to cast out them that sold therein, and them that bought;	
Luke 19:9	And Jesus said unto him, This day is salvation come to this house, forsomuch as he also is a son of Abraham.	
Luke 1:14	And thou shalt have joy and gladness; and many shall rejoice at his birth.	
Luke 1:2	Even as they delivered them unto us, which from the beginning were eyewitnesses, and ministers of the word;	
Luke 1:20	And, behold, thou shalt be dumb, and not able to speak, until the day that these things shall be performed, because thou believest not my words, which shall be fulfilled in their season.	
Luke 1:21	And the people waited for Zacharias, and marvelled that he tarried so long in the temple.	
Luke 1:24	And after those days his wife Elisabeth conceived, and hid herself five months, saying,	
Luke 1:26	And in the sixth month the angel Gabriel was sent from God unto a city of Galilee, named Nazareth,	
Luke 1:3	It seemed good to me also, having had perfect understanding of all things from the very first, to write unto thee in order, most excellent Theophilus,	
Luke 1:33	And he shall reign over the house of Jacob for ever; and of his kingdom there shall be no end.	
Luke 1:35	And the angel answered and said unto her, The Holy Ghost shall come upon thee, and the power of the Highest shall overshadow thee: therefore also that holy thing which shall be born of thee shall be called the Son of God.	
Luke 1:37	For with God nothing shall be impossible.	
Luke 1:40	And entered into the house of Zacharias, and saluted Elisabeth.	
Luke 1:51	He hath shewed strength with his arm; he hath scattered the proud in the imagination of their hearts.	
Luke 1:52	He hath put down the mighty from their seats, and exalted them of low degree.	
Luke 1:53	He hath filled the hungry with good things; and the rich he hath sent empty away.	
Luke 1:62	And they made signs to his father, how he would have him called.	
Luke 1:63	And he asked for a writing table, and wrote, saying, His name is John. And they marvelled all.	
Luke 1:64	And his mouth was opened immediately, and his tongue loosed, and he spake, and praised God.	
Luke 1:65	And fear came on all that dwelt round about them: and all these sayings were noised abroad throughout all the hill country of Judaea.	
Luke 1:67	And his father Zacharias was filled with the Holy Ghost, and prophesied, saying,	
Luke 1:69	And hath raised up an horn of salvation for us in the house of his servant David;	
Luke 1:7	And they had no child, because that Elisabeth was barren, and they both were now well stricken in years.	
Luke 1:70	As he spake by the mouth of his holy prophets, which have been since the world began:	
Luke 1:74	That he would grant unto us, that we being delivered out of the hand of our enemies might serve him without fear,	
Luke 1:77	To give knowledge of salvation unto his people by the remission of their sins,	
Luke 1:79	To give light to them that sit in darkness and in the shadow of death, to guide our feet into the way of peace.	
Luke 1:9	According to the custom of the priest's office, his lot was to burn incense when he went into the temple of the Lord.	
Luke 20:10	And at the season he sent a servant to the husbandmen, that they should give him of the fruit of the vineyard: but the husbandmen beat him, and sent him away empty.	
Luke 20:15	So they cast him out of the vineyard, and killed him. What therefore shall the lord of the vineyard do unto them?	
Luke 20:18	Whosoever shall fall upon that stone shall be broken; but on whomsoever it shall fall, it will grind him to powder.	
Luke 20:19	And the chief priests and the scribes the same hour sought to lay hands on him; and they feared the people: for they perceived that he had spoken this parable against them.	
Luke 20:20	And they watched him, and sent forth spies, which should feign themselves just men, that they might take hold of his words, that so they might deliver him unto the power and authority of the governor.	
Luke 20:28	Saying, Master, Moses wrote unto us, If any man's brother die, having a wife, and he die without children, that his brother should take his wife, and raise up seed unto his brother.	
Luke 20:37	Now that the dead are raised, even Moses shewed at the bush, when he calleth the Lord the God of Abraham, and the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob.	
Luke 20:38	For he is not a God of the dead, but of the living: for all live unto him.	
Luke 20:44	David therefore calleth him Lord, how is he then his son?	
Luke 20:47	Which devour widows' houses, and for a shew make long prayers: the same shall receive greater damnation.	
Luke 20:5	And they reasoned with themselves, saying, If we shall say, From heaven; he will say, Why then believed ye him not?	
Luke 21:11	And great earthquakes shall be in divers places, and famines, and pestilences; and fearful sights and great signs shall there be from heaven.	
Luke 21:14	Settle it therefore in your hearts, not to meditate before what ye shall answer:	
Luke 21:15	For I will give you a mouth and wisdom, which all your adversaries shall not be able to gainsay nor resist.	
Luke 21:27	And then shall they see the Son of man coming in a cloud with power and great glory.	
Luke 21:34	And take heed to yourselves, lest at any time your hearts be overcharged with surfeiting, and drunkenness, and cares of this life, and so that day come upon you unawares.	
Luke 21:37	And in the day time he was teaching in the temple; and at night he went out, and abode in the mount that is called the mount of Olives.	
Luke 22:1	Now the feast of unleavened bread drew nigh, which is called the Passover.	
Luke 22:11	And ye shall say unto the goodman of the house, The Master saith unto thee, Where is the guestchamber, where I shall eat the passover with my disciples?	
Luke 22:12	And he shall shew you a large upper room furnished: there make ready.	
Luke 22:2	And the chief priests and scribes sought how they might kill him; for they feared the people.	
Luke 22:24	And there was also a strife among them, which of them should be accounted the greatest.	
Luke 22:26	But ye shall not be so: but he that is greatest among you, let him be as the younger; and he that is chief, as he that doth serve.	
Luke 22:28	Ye are they which have continued with me in my temptations.	
Luke 22:29	And I appoint unto you a kingdom, as my Father hath appointed unto me;	
Luke 22:31	And the Lord said, Simon, Simon, behold, Satan hath desired to have you, that he may sift you as wheat:	
Luke 22:32	But I have prayed for thee, that thy faith fail not: and when thou art converted, strengthen thy brethren.	
Luke 22:35	And he said unto them, When I sent you without purse, and scrip, and shoes, lacked ye any thing? And they said, Nothing.	
Luke 22:4	And he went his way, and communed with the chief priests and captains, how he might betray him unto them.	
Luke 22:40	And when he was at the place, he said unto them, Pray that ye enter not into temptation.	
Luke 22:41	And he was withdrawn from them about a stone's cast, and kneeled down, and prayed,	
Luke 22:43	And there appeared an angel unto him from heaven, strengthening him.	
Luke 22:5	And they were glad, and covenanted to give him money.	
Luke 22:53	When I was daily with you in the temple, ye stretched forth no hands against me: but this is your hour, and the power of darkness.	
Luke 22:54	Then took they him, and led him, and brought him into the high priest's house. And Peter followed afar off.	
Luke 22:57	And he denied him, saying, Woman, I know him not.	
Luke 22:62	And Peter went out, and wept bitterly.	
Luke 22:63	And the men that held Jesus mocked him, and smote him.	
Luke 22:65	And many other things blasphemously spake they against him.	
Luke 22:68	And if I also ask you, ye will not answer me, nor let me go.	
Luke 22:70	Then said they all, Art thou then the Son of God? And he said unto them, Ye say that I am.	
Luke 22:71	And they said, What need we any further witness? for we ourselves have heard of his own mouth.	
Luke 22:8	And he sent Peter and John, saying, Go and prepare us the passover, that we may eat.	
Luke 23:12	And the same day Pilate and Herod were made friends together: for before they were at enmity between themselves.	
Luke 23:16	I will therefore chastise him, and release him.	
Luke 23:21	But they cried, saying, Crucify him, crucify him.	
Luke 23:25	And he released unto them him that for sedition and murder was cast into prison, whom they had desired; but he delivered Jesus to their will.	
Luke 23:28	But Jesus turning unto them said, Daughters of Jerusalem, weep not for me, but weep for yourselves, and for your children.	
Luke 23:39	And one of the malefactors which were hanged railed on him, saying, If thou be Christ, save thyself and us.	
Luke 23:4	Then said Pilate to the chief priests and to the people, I find no fault in this man.	
Luke 23:40	But the other answering rebuked him, saying, Dost not thou fear God, seeing thou art in the same condemnation?	
Luke 23:42	And he said unto Jesus, Lord, remember me when thou comest into thy kingdom.	
Luke 23:49	And all his acquaintance, and the women that followed him from Galilee, stood afar off, beholding these things.	
Luke 23:54	And that day was the preparation, and the sabbath drew on.	
Luke 23:55	And the women also, which came with him from Galilee, followed after, and beheld the sepulchre, and how his body was laid.	
Luke 23:7	And as soon as he knew that he belonged unto Herod's jurisdiction, he sent him to Herod, who himself also was at Jerusalem at that time.	
Luke 24:11	And their words seemed to them as idle tales, and they believed them not.	
Luke 24:15	And it came to pass, that, while they communed together and reasoned, Jesus himself drew near, and went with them.	
Luke 24:16	But their eyes were holden that they should not know him.	
Luke 24:24	And certain of them which were with us went to the sepulchre, and found it even so as the women had said: but him they saw not.	
Luke 24:30	And it came to pass, as he sat at meat with them, he took bread, and blessed it, and brake, and gave to them.	
Luke 24:33	And they rose up the same hour, and returned to Jerusalem, and found the eleven gathered together, and them that were with them,	
Luke 24:34	Saying, The Lord is risen indeed, and hath appeared to Simon.	
Luke 24:36	And as they thus spake, Jesus himself stood in the midst of them, and saith unto them, Peace be unto you.	
Luke 24:39	Behold my hands and my feet, that it is I myself: handle me, and see; for a spirit hath not flesh and bones, as ye see me have.	
Luke 24:40	And when he had thus spoken, he shewed them his hands and his feet.	
Luke 24:44	And he said unto them, These are the words which I spake unto you, while I was yet with you, that all things must be fulfilled, which were written in the law of Moses, and in the prophets, and in the psalms, concerning me.	
Luke 24:48	And ye are witnesses of these things.	
Luke 24:50	And he led them out as far as to Bethany, and he lifted up his hands, and blessed them.	
Luke 24:51	And it came to pass, while he blessed them, he was parted from them, and carried up into heaven.	
Luke 24:52	And they worshipped him, and returned to Jerusalem with great joy:	
Luke 24:53	And were continually in the temple, praising and blessing God. Amen.	
Luke 24:6	He is not here, but is risen: remember how he spake unto you when he was yet in Galilee,	
Luke 24:7	Saying, The Son of man must be delivered into the hands of sinful men, and be crucified, and the third day rise again.	
Luke 2:1	And it came to pass in those days, that there went out a decree from Caesar Augustus that all the world should be taxed.	
Luke 2:19	But Mary kept all these things, and pondered them in her heart.	
Luke 2:2	(And this taxing was first made when Cyrenius was governor of Syria.)	
Luke 2:28	Then took he him up in his arms, and blessed God, and said,	
Luke 2:3	And all went to be taxed, every one into his own city.	
Luke 2:45	And when they found him not, they turned back again to Jerusalem, seeking him.	
Luke 2:51	And he went down with them, and came to Nazareth, and was subject unto them: but his mother kept all these sayings in her heart.	
Luke 2:7	And she brought forth her firstborn son, and wrapped him in swaddling clothes, and laid him in a manger; because there was no room for them in the inn.	
Luke 3:14	And the soldiers likewise demanded of him, saying, And what shall we do? And he said unto them, Do violence to no man, neither accuse any falsely; and be content with your wages.	
Luke 3:20	Added yet this above all, that he shut up John in prison.	
Luke 3:21	Now when all the people were baptized, it came to pass, that Jesus also being baptized, and praying, the heaven was opened,	
Luke 3:22	And the Holy Ghost descended in a bodily shape like a dove upon him, and a voice came from heaven, which said, Thou art my beloved Son; in thee I am well pleased.	
Luke 3:27	Which was the son of Joanna, which was the son of Rhesa, which was the son of Zorobabel, which was the son of Salathiel, which was the son of Neri,	
Luke 3:29	Which was the son of Jose, which was the son of Eliezer, which was the son of Jorim, which was the son of Matthat, which was the son of Levi,	
Luke 3:32	Which was the son of Jesse, which was the son of Obed, which was the son of Booz, which was the son of Salmon, which was the son of Naasson,	
Luke 3:6	And all flesh shall see the salvation of God.	
Luke 4:12	And Jesus answering said unto him, It is said, Thou shalt not tempt the Lord thy God.	
Luke 4:13	And when the devil had ended all the temptation, he departed from him for a season.	
Luke 4:16	And he came to Nazareth, where he had been brought up: and, as his custom was, he went into the synagogue on the sabbath day, and stood up for to read.	
Luke 4:17	And there was delivered unto him the book of the prophet Esaias. And when he had opened the book, he found the place where it was written,	
Luke 4:2	Being forty days tempted of the devil. And in those days he did eat nothing: and when they were ended, he afterward hungered.	
Luke 4:22	And all bare him witness, and wondered at the gracious words which proceeded out of his mouth. And they said, Is not this Joseph's son?	
Luke 4:27	And many lepers were in Israel in the time of Eliseus the prophet; and none of them was cleansed, saving Naaman the Syrian.	
Luke 4:30	But he passing through the midst of them went his way,	
Luke 4:32	And they were astonished at his doctrine: for his word was with power.	
Luke 4:34	Saying, Let us alone; what have we to do with thee, thou Jesus of Nazareth? art thou come to destroy us? I know thee who thou art; the Holy One of God.	
Luke 4:36	And they were all amazed, and spake among themselves, saying, What a word is this! for with authority and power he commandeth the unclean spirits, and they come out.	
Luke 4:37	And the fame of him went out into every place of the country round about.	
Luke 4:39	And he stood over her, and rebuked the fever; and it left her: and immediately she arose and ministered unto them.	
Luke 4:4	And Jesus answered him, saying, It is written, That man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word of God.	
Luke 4:43	And he said unto them, I must preach the kingdom of God to other cities also: for therefore am I sent.	
Luke 4:44	And he preached in the synagogues of Galilee.	
Luke 5:16	And he withdrew himself into the wilderness, and prayed.	
Luke 5:22	But when Jesus perceived their thoughts, he answering said unto them, What reason ye in your hearts?	
Luke 5:25	And immediately he rose up before them, and took up that whereon he lay, and departed to his own house, glorifying God.	
Luke 5:27	And after these things he went forth, and saw a publican, named Levi, sitting at the receipt of custom: and he said unto him, Follow me.	
Luke 5:30	But their scribes and Pharisees murmured against his disciples, saying, Why do ye eat and drink with publicans and sinners?	
Luke 5:33	And they said unto him, Why do the disciples of John fast often, and make prayers, and likewise the disciples of the Pharisees; but thine eat and drink?	
Luke 5:36	And he spake also a parable unto them; No man putteth a piece of a new garment upon an old; if otherwise, then both the new maketh a rent, and the piece that was taken out of the new agreeth not with the old.	
Luke 5:37	And no man putteth new wine into old bottles; else the new wine will burst the bottles, and be spilled, and the bottles shall perish.	
Luke 5:38	But new wine must be put into new bottles; and both are preserved.	
Luke 5:9	For he was astonished, and all that were with him, at the draught of the fishes which they had taken:	
Luke 6:1	And it came to pass on the second sabbath after the first, that he went through the corn fields; and his disciples plucked the ears of corn, and did eat, rubbing them in their hands.	
Luke 6:11	And they were filled with madness; and communed one with another what they might do to Jesus.	
Luke 6:12	And it came to pass in those days, that he went out into a mountain to pray, and continued all night in prayer to God.	
Luke 6:14	Simon, (whom he also named Peter,) and Andrew his brother, James and John, Philip and Bartholomew,	
Luke 6:18	And they that were vexed with unclean spirits: and they were healed.	
Luke 6:21	Blessed are ye that hunger now: for ye shall be filled. Blessed are ye that weep now: for ye shall laugh.	
Luke 6:23	Rejoice ye in that day, and leap for joy: for, behold, your reward is great in heaven: for in the like manner did their fathers unto the prophets.	
Luke 6:25	Woe unto you that are full! for ye shall hunger. Woe unto you that laugh now! for ye shall mourn and weep.	
Luke 6:26	Woe unto you, when all men shall speak well of you! for so did their fathers to the false prophets.	
Luke 6:3	And Jesus answering them said, Have ye not read so much as this, what David did, when himself was an hungred, and they which were with him;	
Luke 6:31	And as ye would that men should do to you, do ye also to them likewise.	
Luke 6:38	Give, and it shall be given unto you; good measure, pressed down, and shaken together, and running over, shall men give into your bosom. For with the same measure that ye mete withal it shall be measured to you again.	
Luke 6:40	The disciple is not above his master: but every one that is perfect shall be as his master.	
Luke 6:6	And it came to pass also on another sabbath, that he entered into the synagogue and taught: and there was a man whose right hand was withered.	
Luke 6:7	And the scribes and Pharisees watched him, whether he would heal on the sabbath day; that they might find an accusation against him.	
Luke 6:8	But he knew their thoughts, and said to the man which had the withered hand, Rise up, and stand forth in the midst. And he arose and stood forth.	
Luke 7:15	And he that was dead sat up, and began to speak. And he delivered him to his mother.	
Luke 7:16	And there came a fear on all: and they glorified God, saying, That a great prophet is risen up among us; and, That God hath visited his people.	
Luke 7:17	And this rumour of him went forth throughout all Judaea, and throughout all the region round about.	
Luke 7:22	Then Jesus answering said unto them, Go your way, and tell John what things ye have seen and heard; how that the blind see, the lame walk, the lepers are cleansed, the deaf hear, the dead are raised, to the poor the gospel is preached.	
Luke 7:24	And when the messengers of John were departed, he began to speak unto the people concerning John, What went ye out into the wilderness for to see? A reed shaken with the wind?	
Luke 7:25	But what went ye out for to see? A man clothed in soft raiment? Behold, they which are gorgeously apparelled, and live delicately, are in kings' courts.	
Luke 7:26	But what went ye out for to see? A prophet? Yea, I say unto you, and much more than a prophet.	
Luke 7:3	And when he heard of Jesus, he sent unto him the elders of the Jews, beseeching him that he would come and heal his servant.	
Luke 7:32	They are like unto children sitting in the marketplace, and calling one to another, and saying, We have piped unto you, and ye have not danced; we have mourned to you, and ye have not wept.	
Luke 7:34	The Son of man is come eating and drinking; and ye say, Behold a gluttonous man, and a winebibber, a friend of publicans and sinners!	
Luke 7:36	And one of the Pharisees desired him that he would eat with him. And he went into the Pharisee's house, and sat down to meat.	
Luke 7:39	Now when the Pharisee which had bidden him saw it, he spake within himself, saying, This man, if he were a prophet, would have known who and what manner of woman this is that toucheth him: for she is a sinner.	
Luke 7:42	And when they had nothing to pay, he frankly forgave them both. Tell me therefore, which of them will love him most?	
Luke 7:5	For he loveth our nation, and he hath built us a synagogue.	
Luke 8:14	And that which fell among thorns are they, which, when they have heard, go forth, and are choked with cares and riches and pleasures of this life, and bring no fruit to perfection.	
Luke 8:2	And certain women, which had been healed of evil spirits and infirmities, Mary called Magdalene, out of whom went seven devils,	
Luke 8:21	And he answered and said unto them, My mother and my brethren are these which hear the word of God, and do it.	
Luke 8:24	And they came to him, and awoke him, saying, Master, master, we perish. Then he arose, and rebuked the wind and the raging of the water: and they ceased, and there was a calm.	
Luke 8:26	And they arrived at the country of the Gadarenes, which is over against Galilee.	
Luke 8:29	(For he had commanded the unclean spirit to come out of the man. For oftentimes it had caught him: and he was kept bound with chains and in fetters; and he brake the bands, and was driven of the devil into the wilderness.)	
Luke 8:33	Then went the devils out of the man, and entered into the swine: and the herd ran violently down a steep place into the lake, and were choked.	
Luke 8:39	Return to thine own house, and shew how great things God hath done unto thee. And he went his way, and published throughout the whole city how great things Jesus had done unto him.	
Luke 8:42	For he had one only daughter, about twelve years of age, and she lay a dying. But as he went the people thronged him.	
Luke 8:45	And Jesus said, Who touched me? When all denied, Peter and they that were with him said, Master, the multitude throng thee and press thee, and sayest thou, Who touched me?	
Luke 8:54	And he put them all out, and took her by the hand, and called, saying, Maid, arise.	
Luke 8:55	And her spirit came again, and she arose straightway: and he commanded to give her meat.	
Luke 8:6	And some fell upon a rock; and as soon as it was sprung up, it withered away, because it lacked moisture.	
Luke 8:7	And some fell among thorns; and the thorns sprang up with it, and choked it.	
Luke 8:8	And other fell on good ground, and sprang up, and bare fruit an hundredfold. And when he had said these things, he cried, He that hath ears to hear, let him hear.	
Luke 8:9	And his disciples asked him, saying, What might this parable be?	
Luke 9:20	He said unto them, But whom say ye that I am? Peter answering said, The Christ of God.	
Luke 9:26	For whosoever shall be ashamed of me and of my words, of him shall the Son of man be ashamed, when he shall come in his own glory, and in his Father's, and of the holy angels.	
Luke 9:27	But I tell you of a truth, there be some standing here, which shall not taste of death, till they see the kingdom of God.	
Luke 9:3	And he said unto them, Take nothing for your journey, neither staves, nor scrip, neither bread, neither money; neither have two coats apiece.	
Luke 9:34	While he thus spake, there came a cloud, and overshadowed them: and they feared as they entered into the cloud.	
Luke 9:36	And when the voice was past, Jesus was found alone. And they kept it close, and told no man in those days any of those things which they had seen.	
Luke 9:38	And, behold, a man of the company cried out, saying, Master, I beseech thee, look upon my son: for he is mine only child.	
Luke 9:4	And whatsoever house ye enter into, there abide, and thence depart.	
Luke 9:40	And I besought thy disciples to cast him out; and they could not.	
Luke 9:43	And they were all amazed at the mighty power of God. But while they wondered every one at all things which Jesus did, he said unto his disciples,	
Luke 9:5	And whosoever will not receive you, when ye go out of that city, shake off the very dust from your feet for a testimony against them.	
Luke 9:52	And sent messengers before his face: and they went, and entered into a village of the Samaritans, to make ready for him.	
Luke 9:54	And when his disciples James and John saw this, they said, Lord, wilt thou that we command fire to come down from heaven, and consume them, even as Elias did?	
Malachi 1:6	A son honoureth his father, and a servant his master: if then I be a father, where is mine honour? and if I be a master, where is my fear? saith the LORD of hosts unto you, O priests, that despise my name. And ye say, Wherein have we despised thy name?	
Malachi 2:10	Have we not all one father? hath not one God created us? why do we deal treacherously every man against his brother, by profaning the covenant of our fathers?	
Malachi 2:11	Judah hath dealt treacherously, and an abomination is committed in Israel and in Jerusalem; for Judah hath profaned the holiness of the LORD which he loved, and hath married the daughter of a strange god.	
Malachi 2:12	The LORD will cut off the man that doeth this, the master and the scholar, out of the tabernacles of Jacob, and him that offereth an offering unto the LORD of hosts.	
Malachi 2:16	For the LORD, the God of Israel, saith that he hateth putting away: for one covereth violence with his garment, saith the LORD of hosts: therefore take heed to your spirit, that ye deal not treacherously.	
Malachi 2:17	Ye have wearied the LORD with your words. Yet ye say, Wherein have we wearied him? When ye say, Every one that doeth evil is good in the sight of the LORD, and he delighteth in them; or, Where is the God of judgment?	
Malachi 2:8	But ye are departed out of the way; ye have caused many to stumble at the law; ye have corrupted the covenant of Levi, saith the LORD of hosts.	
Malachi 3:1	Behold, I will send my messenger, and he shall prepare the way before me: and the LORD, whom ye seek, shall suddenly come to his temple, even the messenger of the covenant, whom ye delight in: behold, he shall come, saith the LORD of hosts.	
Malachi 3:12	And all nations shall call you blessed: for ye shall be a delightsome land, saith the LORD of hosts.	
Malachi 3:14	Ye have said, It is vain to serve God: and what profit is it that we have kept his ordinance, and that we have walked mournfully before the LORD of hosts?	
Malachi 3:5	And I will come near to you to judgment; and I will be a swift witness against the sorcerers, and against the adulterers, and against false swearers, and against those that oppress the hireling in his wages, the widow, and the fatherless, and that turn aside the stranger from his right, and fear not me, saith the LORD of hosts.	
Malachi 4:6	And he shall turn the heart of the fathers to the children, and the heart of the children to their fathers, lest I come and smite the earth with a curse.	
Mark 10:1	And he arose from thence, and cometh into the coasts of Judaea by the farther side of Jordan: and the people resort unto him again; and, as he was wont, he taught them again.	
Mark 10:11	And he saith unto them, Whosoever shall put away his wife, and marry another, committeth adultery against her.	
Mark 10:22	And he was sad at that saying, and went away grieved: for he had great possessions.	
Mark 10:28	Then Peter began to say unto him, Lo, we have left all, and have followed thee.	
Mark 10:30	But he shall receive an hundredfold now in this time, houses, and brethren, and sisters, and mothers, and children, and lands, with persecutions; and in the world to come eternal life.	
Mark 10:34	And they shall mock him, and shall scourge him, and shall spit upon him, and shall kill him: and the third day he shall rise again.	
Mark 10:35	And James and John, the sons of Zebedee, come unto him, saying, Master, we would that thou shouldest do for us whatsoever we shall desire.	
Mark 10:38	But Jesus said unto them, Ye know not what ye ask: can ye drink of the cup that I drink of? and be baptized with the baptism that I am baptized with?	
Mark 10:4	And they said, Moses suffered to write a bill of divorcement, and to put her away.	
Mark 10:40	But to sit on my right hand and on my left hand is not mine to give; but it shall be given to them for whom it is prepared.	
Mark 10:44	And whosoever of you will be the chiefest, shall be servant of all.	
Mark 10:46	And they came to Jericho: and as he went out of Jericho with his disciples and a great number of people, blind Bartimaeus, the son of Timaeus, sat by the highway side begging.	
Mark 10:8	And they twain shall be one flesh: so then they are no more twain, but one flesh.	
Mark 10:9	What therefore God hath joined together, let not man put asunder.	
Mark 11:1	And when they came nigh to Jerusalem, unto Bethphage and Bethany, at the mount of Olives, he sendeth forth two of his disciples,	
Mark 11:12	And on the morrow, when they were come from Bethany, he was hungry:	
Mark 11:17	And he taught, saying unto them, Is it not written, My house shall be called of all nations the house of prayer? but ye have made it a den of thieves.	
Mark 11:20	And in the morning, as they passed by, they saw the fig tree dried up from the roots.	
Mark 11:22	And Jesus answering saith unto them, Have faith in God.	
Mark 11:25	And when ye stand praying, forgive, if ye have ought against any: that your Father also which is in heaven may forgive you your trespasses.	
Mark 11:26	But if ye do not forgive, neither will your Father which is in heaven forgive your trespasses.	
Mark 11:27	And they come again to Jerusalem: and as he was walking in the temple, there come to him the chief priests, and the scribes, and the elders,	
Mark 11:32	But if we shall say, Of men; they feared the people: for all men counted John, that he was a prophet indeed.	
Mark 11:33	And they answered and said unto Jesus, We cannot tell. And Jesus answering saith unto them, Neither do I tell you by what authority I do these things.	
Mark 11:9	And they that went before, and they that followed, cried, saying, Hosanna; Blessed is he that cometh in the name of the Lord:	
Mark 12:11	This was the Lord's doing, and it is marvellous in our eyes?	
Mark 12:15	Shall we give, or shall we not give? But he, knowing their hypocrisy, said unto them, Why tempt ye me? bring me a penny, that I may see it.	
Mark 12:2	And at the season he sent to the husbandmen a servant, that he might receive from the husbandmen of the fruit of the vineyard.	
Mark 12:20	Now there were seven brethren: and the first took a wife, and dying left no seed.	
Mark 12:21	And the second took her, and died, neither left he any seed: and the third likewise.	
Mark 12:23	In the resurrection therefore, when they shall rise, whose wife shall she be of them? for the seven had her to wife.	
Mark 12:26	And as touching the dead, that they rise: have ye not read in the book of Moses, how in the bush God spake unto him, saying, I am the God of Abraham, and the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob?	
Mark 12:29	And Jesus answered him, The first of all the commandments is, Hear, O Israel; The Lord our God is one Lord:	
Mark 12:35	And Jesus answered and said, while he taught in the temple, How say the scribes that Christ is the son of David?	
Mark 12:37	David therefore himself calleth him Lord; and whence is he then his son? And the common people heard him gladly.	
Mark 12:39	And the chief seats in the synagogues, and the uppermost rooms at feasts:	
Mark 12:4	And again he sent unto them another servant; and at him they cast stones, and wounded him in the head, and sent him away shamefully handled.	
Mark 12:44	For all they did cast in of their abundance; but she of her want did cast in all that she had, even all her living.	
Mark 12:5	And again he sent another; and him they killed, and many others; beating some, and killing some.	
Mark 13:11	But when they shall lead you, and deliver you up, take no thought beforehand what ye shall speak, neither do ye premeditate: but whatsoever shall be given you in that hour, that speak ye: for it is not ye that speak, but the Holy Ghost.	
Mark 13:12	Now the brother shall betray the brother to death, and the father the son; and children shall rise up against their parents, and shall cause them to be put to death.	
Mark 13:14	But when ye shall see the abomination of desolation, spoken of by Daniel the prophet, standing where it ought not, (let him that readeth understand,) then let them that be in Judaea flee to the mountains:	
Mark 13:15	And let him that is on the housetop not go down into the house, neither enter therein, to take any thing out of his house:	
Mark 13:16	And let him that is in the field not turn back again for to take up his garment.	
Mark 13:21	And then if any man shall say to you, Lo, here is Christ; or, lo, he is there; believe him not:	
Mark 13:28	Now learn a parable of the fig tree; When her branch is yet tender, and putteth forth leaves, ye know that summer is near:	
Mark 13:29	So ye in like manner, when ye shall see these things come to pass, know that it is nigh, even at the doors.	
Mark 13:30	Verily I say unto you, that this generation shall not pass, till all these things be done.	
Mark 13:31	Heaven and earth shall pass away: but my words shall not pass away.	
Mark 13:35	Watch ye therefore: for ye know not when the master of the house cometh, at even, or at midnight, or at the cockcrowing, or in the morning:	
Mark 13:6	For many shall come in my name, saying, I am Christ; and shall deceive many.	
Mark 13:7	And when ye shall hear of wars and rumours of wars, be ye not troubled: for such things must needs be; but the end shall not be yet.	
Mark 14:10	And Judas Iscariot, one of the twelve, went unto the chief priests, to betray him unto them.	
Mark 14:12	And the first day of unleavened bread, when they killed the passover, his disciples said unto him, Where wilt thou that we go and prepare that thou mayest eat the passover?	
Mark 14:18	And as they sat and did eat, Jesus said, Verily I say unto you, One of you which eateth with me shall betray me.	
Mark 14:19	And they began to be sorrowful, and to say unto him one by one, Is it I? and another said, Is it I?	
Mark 14:21	The Son of man indeed goeth, as it is written of him: but woe to that man by whom the Son of man is betrayed! good were it for that man if he had never been born.	
Mark 14:23	And he took the cup, and when he had given thanks, he gave it to them: and they all drank of it.	
Mark 14:25	Verily I say unto you, I will drink no more of the fruit of the vine, until that day that I drink it new in the kingdom of God.	
Mark 14:27	And Jesus saith unto them, All ye shall be offended because of me this night: for it is written, I will smite the shepherd, and the sheep shall be scattered.	
Mark 14:29	But Peter said unto him, Although all shall be offended, yet will not I.	
Mark 14:30	And Jesus saith unto him, Verily I say unto thee, That this day, even in this night, before the cock crow twice, thou shalt deny me thrice.	
Mark 14:37	And he cometh, and findeth them sleeping, and saith unto Peter, Simon, sleepest thou? couldest not thou watch one hour?	
Mark 14:4	And there were some that had indignation within themselves, and said, Why was this waste of the ointment made?	
Mark 14:41	And he cometh the third time, and saith unto them, Sleep on now, and take your rest: it is enough, the hour is come; behold, the Son of man is betrayed into the hands of sinners.	
Mark 14:45	And as soon as he was come, he goeth straightway to him, and saith, Master, master; and kissed him.	
Mark 14:46	And they laid their hands on him, and took him.	
Mark 14:48	And Jesus answered and said unto them, Are ye come out, as against a thief, with swords and with staves to take me?	
Mark 14:51	And there followed him a certain young man, having a linen cloth cast about his naked body; and the young men laid hold on him:	
Mark 14:53	And they led Jesus away to the high priest: and with him were assembled all the chief priests and the elders and the scribes.	
Mark 14:57	And there arose certain, and bare false witness against him, saying,	
Mark 14:59	But neither so did their witness agree together.	
Mark 14:6	And Jesus said, Let her alone; why trouble ye her? she hath wrought a good work on me.	
Mark 14:66	And as Peter was beneath in the palace, there cometh one of the maids of the high priest:	
Mark 14:7	For ye have the poor with you always, and whensoever ye will ye may do them good: but me ye have not always.	
Mark 14:70	And he denied it again. And a little after, they that stood by said again to Peter, Surely thou art one of them: for thou art a Galilaean, and thy speech agreeth thereto.	
Mark 15:1	And straightway in the morning the chief priests held a consultation with the elders and scribes and the whole council, and bound Jesus, and carried him away, and delivered him to Pilate.	
Mark 15:13	And they cried out again, Crucify him.	
Mark 15:20	And when they had mocked him, they took off the purple from him, and put his own clothes on him, and led him out to crucify him.	
Mark 15:21	And they compel one Simon a Cyrenian, who passed by, coming out of the country, the father of Alexander and Rufus, to bear his cross.	
Mark 15:25	And it was the third hour, and they crucified him.	
Mark 15:3	And the chief priests accused him of many things: but he answered nothing.	
Mark 15:30	Save thyself, and come down from the cross.	
Mark 15:35	And some of them that stood by, when they heard it, said, Behold, he calleth Elias.	
Mark 15:38	And the veil of the temple was rent in twain from the top to the bottom.	
Mark 15:41	(Who also, when he was in Galilee, followed him, and ministered unto him;) and many other women which came up with him unto Jerusalem.	
Mark 15:45	And when he knew it of the centurion, he gave the body to Joseph.	
Mark 15:5	But Jesus yet answered nothing; so that Pilate marvelled.	
Mark 16:14	Afterward he appeared unto the eleven as they sat at meat, and upbraided them with their unbelief and hardness of heart, because they believed not them which had seen him after he was risen.	
Mark 16:17	And these signs shall follow them that believe; In my name shall they cast out devils; they shall speak with new tongues;	
Mark 16:19	So then after the Lord had spoken unto them, he was received up into heaven, and sat on the right hand of God.	
Mark 16:4	And when they looked, they saw that the stone was rolled away: for it was very great.	
Mark 16:7	But go your way, tell his disciples and Peter that he goeth before you into Galilee: there shall ye see him, as he said unto you.	
Mark 1:17	And Jesus said unto them, Come ye after me, and I will make you to become fishers of men.	
Mark 1:26	And when the unclean spirit had torn him, and cried with a loud voice, he came out of him.	
Mark 1:30	But Simon's wife's mother lay sick of a fever, and anon they tell him of her.	
Mark 1:35	And in the morning, rising up a great while before day, he went out, and departed into a solitary place, and there prayed.	
Mark 1:38	And he said unto them, Let us go into the next towns, that I may preach there also: for therefore came I forth.	
Mark 1:39	And he preached in their synagogues throughout all Galilee, and cast out devils.	
Mark 1:43	And he straitly charged him, and forthwith sent him away;	
Mark 1:45	But he went out, and began to publish it much, and to blaze abroad the matter, insomuch that Jesus could no more openly enter into the city, but was without in desert places: and they came to him from every quarter.	
Mark 1:6	And John was clothed with camel's hair, and with a girdle of a skin about his loins; and he did eat locusts and wild honey;	
Mark 1:7	And preached, saying, There cometh one mightier than I after me, the latchet of whose shoes I am not worthy to stoop down and unloose.	
Mark 1:9	And it came to pass in those days, that Jesus came from Nazareth of Galilee, and was baptized of John in Jordan.	
Mark 2:12	And immediately he arose, took up the bed, and went forth before them all; insomuch that they were all amazed, and glorified God, saying, We never saw it on this fashion.	
Mark 2:13	And he went forth again by the sea side; and all the multitude resorted unto him, and he taught them.	
Mark 2:14	And as he passed by, he saw Levi the son of Alphaeus sitting at the receipt of custom, and said unto him, Follow me. And he arose and followed him.	
Mark 2:15	And it came to pass, that, as Jesus sat at meat in his house, many publicans and sinners sat also together with Jesus and his disciples: for there were many, and they followed him.	
Mark 2:17	When Jesus heard it, he saith unto them, They that are whole have no need of the physician, but they that are sick: I came not to call the righteous, but sinners to repentance.	
Mark 2:23	And it came to pass, that he went through the corn fields on the sabbath day; and his disciples began, as they went, to pluck the ears of corn.	
Mark 2:26	How he went into the house of God in the days of Abiathar the high priest, and did eat the shewbread, which is not lawful to eat but for the priests, and gave also to them which were with him?	
Mark 2:7	Why doth this man thus speak blasphemies? who can forgive sins but God only?	
Mark 3:13	And he goeth up into a mountain, and calleth unto him whom he would: and they came unto him.	
Mark 3:22	And the scribes which came down from Jerusalem said, He hath Beelzebub, and by the prince of the devils casteth he out devils.	
Mark 3:29	But he that shall blaspheme against the Holy Ghost hath never forgiveness, but is in danger of eternal damnation.	
Mark 3:30	Because they said, He hath an unclean spirit.	
Mark 3:31	There came then his brethren and his mother, and, standing without, sent unto him, calling him.	
Mark 3:32	And the multitude sat about him, and they said unto him, Behold, thy mother and thy brethren without seek for thee.	
Mark 4:1	And he began again to teach by the sea side: and there was gathered unto him a great multitude, so that he entered into a ship, and sat in the sea; and the whole multitude was by the sea on the land.	
Mark 4:17	And have no root in themselves, and so endure but for a time: afterward, when affliction or persecution ariseth for the word's sake, immediately they are offended.	
Mark 4:2	And he taught them many things by parables, and said unto them in his doctrine,	
Mark 4:20	And these are they which are sown on good ground; such as hear the word, and receive it, and bring forth fruit, some thirtyfold, some sixty, and some an hundred.	
Mark 4:25	For he that hath, to him shall be given: and he that hath not, from him shall be taken even that which he hath.	
Mark 4:27	And should sleep, and rise night and day, and the seed should spring and grow up, he knoweth not how.	
Mark 4:28	For the earth bringeth forth fruit of herself; first the blade, then the ear, after that the full corn in the ear.	
Mark 4:3	Hearken; Behold, there went out a sower to sow:	
Mark 4:30	And he said, Whereunto shall we liken the kingdom of God? or with what comparison shall we compare it?	
Mark 4:32	But when it is sown, it groweth up, and becometh greater than all herbs, and shooteth out great branches; so that the fowls of the air may lodge under the shadow of it.	
Mark 4:40	And he said unto them, Why are ye so fearful? how is it that ye have no faith?	
Mark 4:6	But when the sun was up, it was scorched; and because it had no root, it withered away.	
Mark 5:1	And they came over unto the other side of the sea, into the country of the Gadarenes.	
Mark 5:12	And all the devils besought him, saying, Send us into the swine, that we may enter into them.	
Mark 5:15	And they come to Jesus, and see him that was possessed with the devil, and had the legion, sitting, and clothed, and in his right mind: and they were afraid.	
Mark 5:17	And they began to pray him to depart out of their coasts.	
Mark 5:20	And he departed, and began to publish in Decapolis how great things Jesus had done for him: and all men did marvel.	
Mark 5:26	And had suffered many things of many physicians, and had spent all that she had, and was nothing bettered, but rather grew worse,	
Mark 5:34	And he said unto her, Daughter, thy faith hath made thee whole; go in peace, and be whole of thy plague.	
Mark 5:39	And when he was come in, he saith unto them, Why make ye this ado, and weep? the damsel is not dead, but sleepeth.	
Mark 5:4	Because that he had been often bound with fetters and chains, and the chains had been plucked asunder by him, and the fetters broken in pieces: neither could any man tame him.	
Mark 5:6	But when he saw Jesus afar off, he ran and worshipped him,	
Mark 6:19	Therefore Herodias had a quarrel against him, and would have killed him; but she could not:	
Mark 6:21	And when a convenient day was come, that Herod on his birthday made a supper to his lords, high captains, and chief estates of Galilee;	
Mark 6:3	Is not this the carpenter, the son of Mary, the brother of James, and Joses, and of Juda, and Simon? and are not his sisters here with us? And they were offended at him.	
Mark 6:33	And the people saw them departing, and many knew him, and ran afoot thither out of all cities, and outwent them, and came together unto him.	
Mark 6:35	And when the day was now far spent, his disciples came unto him, and said, This is a desert place, and now the time is far passed:	
Mark 6:40	And they sat down in ranks, by hundreds, and by fifties.	
Mark 6:41	And when he had taken the five loaves and the two fishes, he looked up to heaven, and blessed, and brake the loaves, and gave them to his disciples to set before them; and the two fishes divided he among them all.	
Mark 6:43	And they took up twelve baskets full of the fragments, and of the fishes.	
Mark 6:44	And they that did eat of the loaves were about five thousand men.	
Mark 6:47	And when even was come, the ship was in the midst of the sea, and he alone on the land.	
Mark 6:5	And he could there do no mighty work, save that he laid his hands upon a few sick folk, and healed them.	
Mark 7:11	But ye say, If a man shall say to his father or mother, It is Corban, that is to say, a gift, by whatsoever thou mightest be profited by me; he shall be free.	
Mark 7:13	Making the word of God of none effect through your tradition, which ye have delivered: and many such like things do ye.	
Mark 7:2	And when they saw some of his disciples eat bread with defiled, that is to say, with unwashen, hands, they found fault.	
Mark 7:20	And he said, That which cometh out of the man, that defileth the man.	
Mark 7:23	All these evil things come from within, and defile the man.	
Mark 7:27	But Jesus said unto her, Let the children first be filled: for it is not meet to take the children's bread, and to cast it unto the dogs.	
Mark 7:28	And she answered and said unto him, Yes, Lord: yet the dogs under the table eat of the children's crumbs.	
Mark 7:31	And again, departing from the coasts of Tyre and Sidon, he came unto the sea of Galilee, through the midst of the coasts of Decapolis.	
Mark 7:32	And they bring unto him one that was deaf, and had an impediment in his speech; and they beseech him to put his hand upon him.	
Mark 7:36	And he charged them that they should tell no man: but the more he charged them, so much the more a great deal they published it;	
Mark 7:8	For laying aside the commandment of God, ye hold the tradition of men, as the washing of pots and cups: and many other such like things ye do.	
Mark 8:1	In those days the multitude being very great, and having nothing to eat, Jesus called his disciples unto him, and saith unto them,	
Mark 8:14	Now the disciples had forgotten to take bread, neither had they in the ship with them more than one loaf.	
Mark 8:18	Having eyes, see ye not? and having ears, hear ye not? and do ye not remember?	
Mark 8:21	And he said unto them, How is it that ye do not understand?	
Mark 8:23	And he took the blind man by the hand, and led him out of the town; and when he had spit on his eyes, and put his hands upon him, he asked him if he saw ought.	
Mark 8:24	And he looked up, and said, I see men as trees, walking.	
Mark 8:35	For whosoever will save his life shall lose it; but whosoever shall lose his life for my sake and the gospel's, the same shall save it.	
Mark 8:38	Whosoever therefore shall be ashamed of me and of my words in this adulterous and sinful generation; of him also shall the Son of man be ashamed, when he cometh in the glory of his Father with the holy angels.	
Mark 8:6	And he commanded the people to sit down on the ground: and he took the seven loaves, and gave thanks, and brake, and gave to his disciples to set before them; and they did set them before the people.	
Mark 9:1	And he said unto them, Verily I say unto you, That there be some of them that stand here, which shall not taste of death, till they have seen the kingdom of God come with power.	
Mark 9:16	And he asked the scribes, What question ye with them?	
Mark 9:17	And one of the multitude answered and said, Master, I have brought unto thee my son, which hath a dumb spirit;	
Mark 9:2	And after six days Jesus taketh with him Peter, and James, and John, and leadeth them up into an high mountain apart by themselves: and he was transfigured before them.	
Mark 9:20	And they brought him unto him: and when he saw him, straightway the spirit tare him; and he fell on the ground, and wallowed foaming.	
Mark 9:22	And ofttimes it hath cast him into the fire, and into the waters, to destroy him: but if thou canst do any thing, have compassion on us, and help us.	
Mark 9:24	And straightway the father of the child cried out, and said with tears, Lord, I believe; help thou mine unbelief.	
Mark 9:4	And there appeared unto them Elias with Moses: and they were talking with Jesus.	
Mark 9:9	And as they came down from the mountain, he charged them that they should tell no man what things they had seen, till the Son of man were risen from the dead.	
Matthew 10:17	But beware of men: for they will deliver you up to the councils, and they will scourge you in their synagogues;	
Matthew 10:2	Now the names of the twelve apostles are these; The first, Simon, who is called Peter, and Andrew his brother; James the son of Zebedee, and John his brother;	
Matthew 10:22	And ye shall be hated of all men for my name's sake: but he that endureth to the end shall be saved.	
Matthew 10:24	The disciple is not above his master, nor the servant above his lord.	
Matthew 10:28	And fear not them which kill the body, but are not able to kill the soul: but rather fear him which is able to destroy both soul and body in hell.	
Matthew 10:30	But the very hairs of your head are all numbered.	
Matthew 10:41	He that receiveth a prophet in the name of a prophet shall receive a prophet's reward; and he that receiveth a righteous man in the name of a righteous man shall receive a righteous man's reward.	
Matthew 10:6	But go rather to the lost sheep of the house of Israel.	
Matthew 11:22	But I say unto you, It shall be more tolerable for Tyre and Sidon at the day of judgment, than for you.	
Matthew 11:23	And thou, Capernaum, which art exalted unto heaven, shalt be brought down to hell: for if the mighty works, which have been done in thee, had been done in Sodom, it would have remained until this day.	
Matthew 11:25	At that time Jesus answered and said, I thank thee, O Father, Lord of heaven and earth, because thou hast hid these things from the wise and prudent, and hast revealed them unto babes.	
Matthew 11:5	The blind receive their sight, and the lame walk, the lepers are cleansed, and the deaf hear, the dead are raised up, and the poor have the gospel preached to them.	
Matthew 11:6	And blessed is he, whosoever shall not be offended in me.	
Matthew 11:8	But what went ye out for to see? A man clothed in soft raiment? behold, they that wear soft clothing are in kings' houses.	
Matthew 11:9	But what went ye out for to see? A prophet? yea, I say unto you, and more than a prophet.	
Matthew 12:10	And, behold, there was a man which had his hand withered. And they asked him, saying, Is it lawful to heal on the sabbath days? that they might accuse him.	
Matthew 12:11	And he said unto them, What man shall there be among you, that shall have one sheep, and if it fall into a pit on the sabbath day, will he not lay hold on it, and lift it out?	
Matthew 12:12	How much then is a man better than a sheep? Wherefore it is lawful to do well on the sabbath days.	
Matthew 12:2	But when the Pharisees saw it, they said unto him, Behold, thy disciples do that which is not lawful to do upon the sabbath day.	
Matthew 12:32	And whosoever speaketh a word against the Son of man, it shall be forgiven him: but whosoever speaketh against the Holy Ghost, it shall not be forgiven him, neither in this world, neither in the world to come.	
Matthew 12:34	O generation of vipers, how can ye, being evil, speak good things? for out of the abundance of the heart the mouth speaketh.	
Matthew 12:41	The men of Nineveh shall rise in judgment with this generation, and shall condemn it: because they repented at the preaching of Jonas; and, behold, a greater than Jonas is here.	
Matthew 12:42	The queen of the south shall rise up in the judgment with this generation, and shall condemn it: for she came from the uttermost parts of the earth to hear the wisdom of Solomon; and, behold, a greater than Solomon is here.	
Matthew 12:46	While he yet talked to the people, behold, his mother and his brethren stood without, desiring to speak with him.	
Matthew 12:49	And he stretched forth his hand toward his disciples, and said, Behold my mother and my brethren!	
Matthew 12:7	But if ye had known what this meaneth, I will have mercy, and not sacrifice, ye would not have condemned the guiltless.	
Matthew 12:8	For the Son of man is Lord even of the sabbath day.	
Matthew 13:19	When any one heareth the word of the kingdom, and understandeth it not, then cometh the wicked one, and catcheth away that which was sown in his heart. This is he which received seed by the way side.	
Matthew 13:2	And great multitudes were gathered together unto him, so that he went into a ship, and sat; and the whole multitude stood on the shore.	
Matthew 13:20	But he that received the seed into stony places, the same is he that heareth the word, and anon with joy receiveth it;	
Matthew 13:22	He also that received seed among the thorns is he that heareth the word; and the care of this world, and the deceitfulness of riches, choke the word, and he becometh unfruitful.	
Matthew 13:26	But when the blade was sprung up, and brought forth fruit, then appeared the tares also.	
Matthew 13:27	So the servants of the householder came and said unto him, Sir, didst not thou sow good seed in thy field? from whence then hath it tares?	
Matthew 13:3	And he spake many things unto them in parables, saying, Behold, a sower went forth to sow;	
Matthew 13:30	Let both grow together until the harvest: and in the time of harvest I will say to the reapers, Gather ye together first the tares, and bind them in bundles to burn them: but gather the wheat into my barn.	
Matthew 13:38	The field is the world; the good seed are the children of the kingdom; but the tares are the children of the wicked one;	
Matthew 13:45	Again, the kingdom of heaven is like unto a merchant man, seeking goodly pearls:	
Matthew 13:6	And when the sun was up, they were scorched; and because they had no root, they withered away.	
Matthew 14:11	And his head was brought in a charger, and given to the damsel: and she brought it to her mother.	
Matthew 14:14	And Jesus went forth, and saw a great multitude, and was moved with compassion toward them, and he healed their sick.	
Matthew 14:16	But Jesus said unto them, They need not depart; give ye them to eat.	
Matthew 14:19	And he commanded the multitude to sit down on the grass, and took the five loaves, and the two fishes, and looking up to heaven, he blessed, and brake, and gave the loaves to his disciples, and the disciples to the multitude.	
Matthew 14:2	And said unto his servants, This is John the Baptist; he is risen from the dead; and therefore mighty works do shew forth themselves in him.	
Matthew 14:21	And they that had eaten were about five thousand men, beside women and children.	
Matthew 14:25	And in the fourth watch of the night Jesus went unto them, walking on the sea.	
Matthew 14:26	And when the disciples saw him walking on the sea, they were troubled, saying, It is a spirit; and they cried out for fear.	
Matthew 14:27	But straightway Jesus spake unto them, saying, Be of good cheer; it is I; be not afraid.	
Matthew 14:34	And when they were gone over, they came into the land of Gennesaret.	
Matthew 14:5	And when he would have put him to death, he feared the multitude, because they counted him as a prophet.	
Matthew 14:6	But when Herod's birthday was kept, the daughter of Herodias danced before them, and pleased Herod.	
Matthew 15:33	And his disciples say unto him, Whence should we have so much bread in the wilderness, as to fill so great a multitude?	
Matthew 15:35	And he commanded the multitude to sit down on the ground.	
Matthew 15:37	And they did all eat, and were filled: and they took up of the broken meat that was left seven baskets full.	
Matthew 16:1	The Pharisees also with the Sadducees came, and tempting desired him that he would shew them a sign from heaven.	
Matthew 16:13	When Jesus came into the coasts of Caesarea Philippi, he asked his disciples, saying, Whom do men say that I the Son of man am?	
Matthew 16:27	For the Son of man shall come in the glory of his Father with his angels; and then he shall reward every man according to his works.	
Matthew 16:5	And when his disciples were come to the other side, they had forgotten to take bread.	
Matthew 16:6	Then Jesus said unto them, Take heed and beware of the leaven of the Pharisees and of the Sadducees.	
Matthew 17:16	And I brought him to thy disciples, and they could not cure him.	
Matthew 17:17	Then Jesus answered and said, O faithless and perverse generation, how long shall I be with you? how long shall I suffer you? bring him hither to me.	
Matthew 17:2	And was transfigured before them: and his face did shine as the sun, and his raiment was white as the light.	
Matthew 17:23	And they shall kill him, and the third day he shall be raised again. And they were exceeding sorry.	
Matthew 17:25	He saith, Yes. And when he was come into the house, Jesus prevented him, saying, What thinkest thou, Simon? of whom do the kings of the earth take custom or tribute? of their own children, or of strangers?	
Matthew 17:3	And, behold, there appeared unto them Moses and Elias talking with him.	
Matthew 17:8	And when they had lifted up their eyes, they saw no man, save Jesus only.	
Matthew 18:14	Even so it is not the will of your Father which is in heaven, that one of these little ones should perish.	
Matthew 18:16	But if he will not hear thee, then take with thee one or two more, that in the mouth of two or three witnesses every word may be established.	
Matthew 18:18	Verily I say unto you, Whatsoever ye shall bind on earth shall be bound in heaven: and whatsoever ye shall loose on earth shall be loosed in heaven.	
Matthew 18:24	And when he had begun to reckon, one was brought unto him, which owed him ten thousand talents.	
Matthew 18:27	Then the lord of that servant was moved with compassion, and loosed him, and forgave him the debt.	
Matthew 18:3	And said, Verily I say unto you, Except ye be converted, and become as little children, ye shall not enter into the kingdom of heaven.	
Matthew 18:9	And if thine eye offend thee, pluck it out, and cast it from thee: it is better for thee to enter into life with one eye, rather than having two eyes to be cast into hell fire.	
Matthew 19:11	But he said unto them, All men cannot receive this saying, save they to whom it is given.	
Matthew 19:12	For there are some eunuchs, which were so born from their mother's womb: and there are some eunuchs, which were made eunuchs of men: and there be eunuchs, which have made themselves eunuchs for the kingdom of heaven's sake. He that is able to receive it, let him receive it.	
Matthew 19:15	And he laid his hands on them, and departed thence.	
Matthew 19:3	The Pharisees also came unto him, tempting him, and saying unto him, Is it lawful for a man to put away his wife for every cause?	
Matthew 19:5	And said, For this cause shall a man leave father and mother, and shall cleave to his wife: and they twain shall be one flesh?	
Matthew 19:8	He saith unto them, Moses because of the hardness of your hearts suffered you to put away your wives: but from the beginning it was not so.	
Matthew 1:1	The book of the generation of Jesus Christ, the son of David, the son of Abraham.	
Matthew 1:10	And Ezekias begat Manasses; and Manasses begat Amon; and Amon begat Josias;	
Matthew 1:12	And after they were brought to Babylon, Jechonias begat Salathiel; and Salathiel begat Zorobabel;	
Matthew 1:13	And Zorobabel begat Abiud; and Abiud begat Eliakim; and Eliakim begat Azor;	
Matthew 1:15	And Eliud begat Eleazar; and Eleazar begat Matthan; and Matthan begat Jacob;	
Matthew 1:16	And Jacob begat Joseph the husband of Mary, of whom was born Jesus, who is called Christ.	
Matthew 1:21	And she shall bring forth a son, and thou shalt call his name JESUS: for he shall save his people from their sins.	
Matthew 1:22	Now all this was done, that it might be fulfilled which was spoken of the Lord by the prophet, saying,	
Matthew 1:23	Behold, a virgin shall be with child, and shall bring forth a son, and they shall call his name Emmanuel, which being interpreted is, God with us.	
Matthew 1:25	And knew her not till she had brought forth her firstborn son: and he called his name JESUS.	
Matthew 1:3	And Judas begat Phares and Zara of Thamar; and Phares begat Esrom; and Esrom begat Aram;	
Matthew 20:1	For the kingdom of heaven is like unto a man that is an householder, which went out early in the morning to hire labourers into his vineyard.	
Matthew 20:19	And shall deliver him to the Gentiles to mock, and to scourge, and to crucify him: and the third day he shall rise again.	
Matthew 20:23	And he saith unto them, Ye shall drink indeed of my cup, and be baptized with the baptism that I am baptized with: but to sit on my right hand, and on my left, is not mine to give, but it shall be given to them for whom it is prepared of my Father.	
Matthew 20:24	And when the ten heard it, they were moved with indignation against the two brethren.	
Matthew 20:25	But Jesus called them unto him, and said, Ye know that the princes of the Gentiles exercise dominion over them, and they that are great exercise authority upon them.	
Matthew 20:26	But it shall not be so among you: but whosoever will be great among you, let him be your minister;	
Matthew 20:28	Even as the Son of man came not to be ministered unto, but to minister, and to give his life a ransom for many.	
Matthew 20:32	And Jesus stood still, and called them, and said, What will ye that I shall do unto you?	
Matthew 20:33	They say unto him, Lord, that our eyes may be opened.	
Matthew 20:34	So Jesus had compassion on them, and touched their eyes: and immediately their eyes received sight, and they followed him.	
Matthew 21:10	And when he was come into Jerusalem, all the city was moved, saying, Who is this?	
Matthew 21:12	And Jesus went into the temple of God, and cast out all them that sold and bought in the temple, and overthrew the tables of the moneychangers, and the seats of them that sold doves,	
Matthew 21:2	Saying unto them, Go into the village over against you, and straightway ye shall find an ass tied, and a colt with her: loose them, and bring them unto me.	
Matthew 21:26	But if we shall say, Of men; we fear the people; for all hold John as a prophet.	
Matthew 21:29	He answered and said, I will not: but afterward he repented, and went.	
Matthew 21:31	Whether of them twain did the will of his father? They say unto him, The first. Jesus saith unto them, Verily I say unto you, That the publicans and the harlots go into the kingdom of God before you.	
Matthew 21:35	And the husbandmen took his servants, and beat one, and killed another, and stoned another.	
Matthew 21:43	Therefore say I unto you, The kingdom of God shall be taken from you, and given to a nation bringing forth the fruits thereof.	
Matthew 21:8	And a very great multitude spread their garments in the way; others cut down branches from the trees, and strawed them in the way.	
Matthew 22:18	But Jesus perceived their wickedness, and said, Why tempt ye me, ye hypocrites?	
Matthew 22:20	And he saith unto them, Whose is this image and superscription?	
Matthew 22:21	They say unto him, Caesar's. Then saith he unto them, Render therefore unto Caesar the things which are Caesar's; and unto God the things that are God's.	
Matthew 22:26	Likewise the second also, and the third, unto the seventh.	
Matthew 22:41	While the Pharisees were gathered together, Jesus asked them,	
Matthew 22:45	If David then call him Lord, how is he his son?	
Matthew 22:5	But they made light of it, and went their ways, one to his farm, another to his merchandise:	
Matthew 22:8	Then saith he to his servants, The wedding is ready, but they which were bidden were not worthy.	
Matthew 23:21	And whoso shall swear by the temple, sweareth by it, and by him that dwelleth therein.	
Matthew 23:23	Woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! for ye pay tithe of mint and anise and cummin, and have omitted the weightier matters of the law, judgment, mercy, and faith: these ought ye to have done, and not to leave the other undone.	
Matthew 23:24	Ye blind guides, which strain at a gnat, and swallow a camel.	
Matthew 23:29	Woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! because ye build the tombs of the prophets, and garnish the sepulchres of the righteous,	
Matthew 23:38	Behold, your house is left unto you desolate.	
Matthew 23:4	For they bind heavy burdens and grievous to be borne, and lay them on men's shoulders; but they themselves will not move them with one of their fingers.	
Matthew 24:1	And Jesus went out, and departed from the temple: and his disciples came to him for to shew him the buildings of the temple.	
Matthew 24:11	And many false prophets shall rise, and shall deceive many.	
Matthew 24:12	And because iniquity shall abound, the love of many shall wax cold.	
Matthew 24:15	When ye therefore shall see the abomination of desolation, spoken of by Daniel the prophet, stand in the holy place, (whoso readeth, let him understand:)	
Matthew 24:2	And Jesus said unto them, See ye not all these things? verily I say unto you, There shall not be left here one stone upon another, that shall not be thrown down.	
Matthew 24:21	For then shall be great tribulation, such as was not since the beginning of the world to this time, no, nor ever shall be.	
Matthew 24:24	For there shall arise false Christs, and false prophets, and shall shew great signs and wonders; insomuch that, if it were possible, they shall deceive the very elect.	
Matthew 24:27	For as the lightning cometh out of the east, and shineth even unto the west; so shall also the coming of the Son of man be.	
Matthew 24:28	For wheresoever the carcase is, there will the eagles be gathered together.	
Matthew 24:29	Immediately after the tribulation of those days shall the sun be darkened, and the moon shall not give her light, and the stars shall fall from heaven, and the powers of the heavens shall be shaken:	
Matthew 24:31	And he shall send his angels with a great sound of a trumpet, and they shall gather together his elect from the four winds, from one end of heaven to the other.	
Matthew 24:37	But as the days of Noe were, so shall also the coming of the Son of man be.	
Matthew 24:38	For as in the days that were before the flood they were eating and drinking, marrying and giving in marriage, until the day that Noe entered into the ark,	
Matthew 24:44	Therefore be ye also ready: for in such an hour as ye think not the Son of man cometh.	
Matthew 24:47	Verily I say unto you, That he shall make him ruler over all his goods.	
Matthew 24:5	For many shall come in my name, saying, I am Christ; and shall deceive many.	
Matthew 24:51	And shall cut him asunder, and appoint him his portion with the hypocrites: there shall be weeping and gnashing of teeth.	
Matthew 25:13	Watch therefore, for ye know neither the day nor the hour wherein the Son of man cometh.	
Matthew 25:14	For the kingdom of heaven is as a man travelling into a far country, who called his own servants, and delivered unto them his goods.	
Matthew 25:16	Then he that had received the five talents went and traded with the same, and made them other five talents.	
Matthew 25:2	And five of them were wise, and five were foolish.	
Matthew 25:21	His lord said unto him, Well done, thou good and faithful servant: thou hast been faithful over a few things, I will make thee ruler over many things: enter thou into the joy of thy lord.	
Matthew 25:28	Take therefore the talent from him, and give it unto him which hath ten talents.	
Matthew 25:42	For I was an hungred, and ye gave me no meat: I was thirsty, and ye gave me no drink:	
Matthew 25:45	Then shall he answer them, saying, Verily I say unto you, Inasmuch as ye did it not to one of the least of these, ye did it not to me.	
Matthew 25:8	And the foolish said unto the wise, Give us of your oil; for our lamps are gone out.	
Matthew 26:1	And it came to pass, when Jesus had finished all these sayings, he said unto his disciples,	
Matthew 26:11	For ye have the poor always with you; but me ye have not always.	
Matthew 26:16	And from that time he sought opportunity to betray him.	
Matthew 26:24	The Son of man goeth as it is written of him: but woe unto that man by whom the Son of man is betrayed! it had been good for that man if he had not been born.	
Matthew 26:32	But after I am risen again, I will go before you into Galilee.	
Matthew 26:34	Jesus said unto him, Verily I say unto thee, That this night, before the cock crow, thou shalt deny me thrice.	
Matthew 26:37	And he took with him Peter and the two sons of Zebedee, and began to be sorrowful and very heavy.	
Matthew 26:39	And he went a little farther, and fell on his face, and prayed, saying, O my Father, if it be possible, let this cup pass from me: nevertheless not as I will, but as thou wilt.	
Matthew 26:42	He went away again the second time, and prayed, saying, O my Father, if this cup may not pass away from me, except I drink it, thy will be done.	
Matthew 26:44	And he left them, and went away again, and prayed the third time, saying the same words.	
Matthew 26:5	But they said, Not on the feast day, lest there be an uproar among the people.	
Matthew 26:56	But all this was done, that the scriptures of the prophets might be fulfilled. Then all the disciples forsook him, and fled.	
Matthew 26:66	What think ye? They answered and said, He is guilty of death.	
Matthew 26:72	And again he denied with an oath, I do not know the man.	
Matthew 27:1	When the morning was come, all the chief priests and elders of the people took counsel against Jesus to put him to death:	
Matthew 27:10	And gave them for the potter's field, as the Lord appointed me.	
Matthew 27:13	Then said Pilate unto him, Hearest thou not how many things they witness against thee?	
Matthew 27:14	And he answered him to never a word; insomuch that the governor marvelled greatly.	
Matthew 27:16	And they had then a notable prisoner, called Barabbas.	
Matthew 27:19	When he was set down on the judgment seat, his wife sent unto him, saying, Have thou nothing to do with that just man: for I have suffered many things this day in a dream because of him.	
Matthew 27:22	Pilate saith unto them, What shall I do then with Jesus which is called Christ? They all say unto him, Let him be crucified.	
Matthew 27:26	Then released he Barabbas unto them: and when he had scourged Jesus, he delivered him to be crucified.	
Matthew 27:35	And they crucified him, and parted his garments, casting lots: that it might be fulfilled which was spoken by the prophet, They parted my garments among them, and upon my vesture did they cast lots.	
Matthew 27:43	He trusted in God; let him deliver him now, if he will have him: for he said, I am the Son of God.	
Matthew 27:44	The thieves also, which were crucified with him, cast the same in his teeth.	
Matthew 27:52	And the graves were opened; and many bodies of the saints which slept arose,	
Matthew 27:55	And many women were there beholding afar off, which followed Jesus from Galilee, ministering unto him:	
Matthew 27:57	When the even was come, there came a rich man of Arimathaea, named Joseph, who also himself was Jesus' disciple:	
Matthew 27:64	Command therefore that the sepulchre be made sure until the third day, lest his disciples come by night, and steal him away, and say unto the people, He is risen from the dead: so the last error shall be worse than the first.	
Matthew 27:65	Pilate said unto them, Ye have a watch: go your way, make it as sure as ye can.	
Matthew 28:1	In the end of the sabbath, as it began to dawn toward the first day of the week, came Mary Magdalene and the other Mary to see the sepulchre.	
Matthew 28:14	And if this come to the governor's ears, we will persuade him, and secure you.	
Matthew 2:19	But when Herod was dead, behold, an angel of the Lord appeareth in a dream to Joseph in Egypt,	
Matthew 2:5	And they said unto him, In Bethlehem of Judaea: for thus it is written by the prophet,	
Matthew 2:6	And thou Bethlehem, in the land of Juda, art not the least among the princes of Juda: for out of thee shall come a Governor, that shall rule my people Israel.	
Matthew 2:7	Then Herod, when he had privily called the wise men, enquired of them diligently what time the star appeared.	
Matthew 3:10	And now also the axe is laid unto the root of the trees: therefore every tree which bringeth not forth good fruit is hewn down, and cast into the fire.	
Matthew 3:2	And saying, Repent ye: for the kingdom of heaven is at hand.	
Matthew 3:3	For this is he that was spoken of by the prophet Esaias, saying, The voice of one crying in the wilderness, Prepare ye the way of the Lord, make his paths straight.	
Matthew 3:5	Then went out to him Jerusalem, and all Judaea, and all the region round about Jordan,	
Matthew 3:8	Bring forth therefore fruits meet for repentance:	
Matthew 4:1	Then was Jesus led up of the spirit into the wilderness to be tempted of the devil.	
Matthew 4:15	The land of Zabulon, and the land of Nephthalim, by the way of the sea, beyond Jordan, Galilee of the Gentiles;	
Matthew 4:16	The people which sat in darkness saw great light; and to them which sat in the region and shadow of death light is sprung up.	
Matthew 4:5	Then the devil taketh him up into the holy city, and setteth him on a pinnacle of the temple,	
Matthew 4:6	And saith unto him, If thou be the Son of God, cast thyself down: for it is written, He shall give his angels charge concerning thee: and in their hands they shall bear thee up, lest at any time thou dash thy foot against a stone.	
Matthew 4:7	Jesus said unto him, It is written again, Thou shalt not tempt the Lord thy God.	
Matthew 5:14	Ye are the light of the world. A city that is set on an hill cannot be hid.	
Matthew 5:16	Let your light so shine before men, that they may see your good works, and glorify your Father which is in heaven.	
Matthew 5:17	Think not that I am come to destroy the law, or the prophets: I am not come to destroy, but to fulfil.	
Matthew 5:19	Whosoever therefore shall break one of these least commandments, and shall teach men so, he shall be called the least in the kingdom of heaven: but whosoever shall do and teach them, the same shall be called great in the kingdom of heaven.	
Matthew 5:2	And he opened his mouth, and taught them, saying,	
Matthew 5:21	Ye have heard that it was said of them of old time, Thou shalt not kill; and whosoever shall kill shall be in danger of the judgment:	
Matthew 5:24	Leave there thy gift before the altar, and go thy way; first be reconciled to thy brother, and then come and offer thy gift.	
Matthew 5:25	Agree with thine adversary quickly, whiles thou art in the way with him; lest at any time the adversary deliver thee to the judge, and the judge deliver thee to the officer, and thou be cast into prison.	
Matthew 5:36	Neither shalt thou swear by thy head, because thou canst not make one hair white or black.	
Matthew 5:45	That ye may be the children of your Father which is in heaven: for he maketh his sun to rise on the evil and on the good, and sendeth rain on the just and on the unjust.	
Matthew 5:48	Be ye therefore perfect, even as your Father which is in heaven is perfect.	
Matthew 5:6	Blessed are they which do hunger and thirst after righteousness: for they shall be filled.	
Matthew 5:7	Blessed are the merciful: for they shall obtain mercy.	
Matthew 5:9	Blessed are the peacemakers: for they shall be called the children of God.	
Matthew 6:11	Give us this day our daily bread.	
Matthew 6:18	That thou appear not unto men to fast, but unto thy Father which is in secret: and thy Father, which seeth in secret, shall reward thee openly.	
Matthew 6:19	Lay not up for yourselves treasures upon earth, where moth and rust doth corrupt, and where thieves break through and steal:	
Matthew 6:30	Wherefore, if God so clothe the grass of the field, which to day is, and to morrow is cast into the oven, shall he not much more clothe you, O ye of little faith?	
Matthew 6:32	(For after all these things do the Gentiles seek:) for your heavenly Father knoweth that ye have need of all these things.	
Matthew 6:7	But when ye pray, use not vain repetitions, as the heathen do: for they think that they shall be heard for their much speaking.	
Matthew 7:1	Judge not, that ye be not judged.	
Matthew 7:10	Or if he ask a fish, will he give him a serpent?	
Matthew 7:13	Enter ye in at the strait gate: for wide is the gate, and broad is the way, that leadeth to destruction, and many there be which go in thereat:	
Matthew 7:14	Because strait is the gate, and narrow is the way, which leadeth unto life, and few there be that find it.	
Matthew 7:25	And the rain descended, and the floods came, and the winds blew, and beat upon that house; and it fell not: for it was founded upon a rock.	
Matthew 7:4	Or how wilt thou say to thy brother, Let me pull out the mote out of thine eye; and, behold, a beam is in thine own eye?	
Matthew 7:8	For every one that asketh receiveth; and he that seeketh findeth; and to him that knocketh it shall be opened.	
Matthew 8:12	But the children of the kingdom shall be cast out into outer darkness: there shall be weeping and gnashing of teeth.	
Matthew 8:15	And he touched her hand, and the fever left her: and she arose, and ministered unto them.	
Matthew 8:16	When the even was come, they brought unto him many that were possessed with devils: and he cast out the spirits with his word, and healed all that were sick:	
Matthew 8:17	That it might be fulfilled which was spoken by Esaias the prophet, saying, Himself took our infirmities, and bare our sicknesses.	
Matthew 8:18	Now when Jesus saw great multitudes about him, he gave commandment to depart unto the other side.	
Matthew 8:20	And Jesus saith unto him, The foxes have holes, and the birds of the air have nests; but the Son of man hath not where to lay his head.	
Matthew 8:4	And Jesus saith unto him, See thou tell no man; but go thy way, shew thyself to the priest, and offer the gift that Moses commanded, for a testimony unto them.	
Matthew 8:6	And saying, Lord, my servant lieth at home sick of the palsy, grievously tormented.	
Matthew 9:15	And Jesus said unto them, Can the children of the bridechamber mourn, as long as the bridegroom is with them? but the days will come, when the bridegroom shall be taken from them, and then shall they fast.	
Matthew 9:18	While he spake these things unto them, behold, there came a certain ruler, and worshipped him, saying, My daughter is even now dead: but come and lay thy hand upon her, and she shall live.	
Matthew 9:20	And, behold, a woman, which was diseased with an issue of blood twelve years, came behind him, and touched the hem of his garment:	
Matthew 9:27	And when Jesus departed thence, two blind men followed him, crying, and saying, Thou son of David, have mercy on us.	
Matthew 9:28	And when he was come into the house, the blind men came to him: and Jesus saith unto them, Believe ye that I am able to do this? They said unto him, Yea, Lord.	
Matthew 9:31	But they, when they were departed, spread abroad his fame in all that country.	
Matthew 9:35	And Jesus went about all the cities and villages, teaching in their synagogues, and preaching the gospel of the kingdom, and healing every sickness and every disease among the people.	
Micah 1:14	Therefore shalt thou give presents to Moreshethgath: the houses of Achzib shall be a lie to the kings of Israel.	
Micah 1:15	Yet will I bring an heir unto thee, O inhabitant of Mareshah: he shall come unto Adullam the glory of Israel.	
Micah 1:2	Hear, all ye people; hearken, O earth, and all that therein is: and let the Lord GOD be witness against you, the LORD from his holy temple.	
Micah 2:10	Arise ye, and depart; for this is not your rest: because it is polluted, it shall destroy you, even with a sore destruction.	
Micah 2:11	If a man walking in the spirit and falsehood do lie, saying, I will prophesy unto thee of wine and of strong drink; he shall even be the prophet of this people.	
Micah 2:8	Even of late my people is risen up as an enemy: ye pull off the robe with the garment from them that pass by securely as men averse from war.	
Micah 3:10	They build up Zion with blood, and Jerusalem with iniquity.	
Micah 3:7	Then shall the seers be ashamed, and the diviners confounded: yea, they shall all cover their lips; for there is no answer of God.	
Micah 4:1	But in the last days it shall come to pass, that the mountain of the house of the LORD shall be established in the top of the mountains, and it shall be exalted above the hills; and people shall flow unto it.	
Micah 4:12	But they know not the thoughts of the LORD, neither understand they his counsel: for he shall gather them as the sheaves into the floor.	
Micah 4:13	Arise and thresh, O daughter of Zion: for I will make thine horn iron, and I will make thy hoofs brass: and thou shalt beat in pieces many people: and I will consecrate their gain unto the LORD, and their substance unto the Lord of the whole earth.	
Micah 4:5	For all people will walk every one in the name of his god, and we will walk in the name of the LORD our God for ever and ever.	
Micah 4:7	And I will make her that halted a remnant, and her that was cast far off a strong nation: and the LORD shall reign over them in mount Zion from henceforth, even for ever.	
Micah 5:14	And I will pluck up thy groves out of the midst of thee: so will I destroy thy cities.	
Micah 5:2	But thou, Bethlehem Ephratah, though thou be little among the thousands of Judah, yet out of thee shall he come forth unto me that is to be ruler in Israel; whose goings forth have been from of old, from everlasting.	
Micah 5:5	And this man shall be the peace, when the Assyrian shall come into our land: and when he shall tread in our palaces, then shall we raise against him seven shepherds, and eight principal men.	
Micah 6:1	Hear ye now what the LORD saith; Arise, contend thou before the mountains, and let the hills hear thy voice.	
Micah 6:13	Therefore also will I make thee sick in smiting thee, in making thee desolate because of thy sins.	
Micah 6:3	O my people, what have I done unto thee? and wherein have I wearied thee? testify against me.	
Micah 6:4	For I brought thee up out of the land of Egypt, and redeemed thee out of the house of servants; and I sent before thee Moses, Aaron, and Miriam.	
Micah 6:5	O my people, remember now what Balak king of Moab consulted, and what Balaam the son of Beor answered him from Shittim unto Gilgal; that ye may know the righteousness of the LORD.	
Micah 6:6	Wherewith shall I come before the LORD, and bow myself before the high God? shall I come before him with burnt offerings, with calves of a year old?	
Micah 7:10	Then she that is mine enemy shall see it, and shame shall cover her which said unto me, Where is the LORD thy God? mine eyes shall behold her: now shall she be trodden down as the mire of the streets.	
Micah 7:13	Notwithstanding the land shall be desolate because of them that dwell therein, for the fruit of their doings.	
Micah 7:2	The good man is perished out of the earth: and there is none upright among men: they all lie in wait for blood; they hunt every man his brother with a net.	
Micah 7:3	That they may do evil with both hands earnestly, the prince asketh, and the judge asketh for a reward; and the great man, he uttereth his mischievous desire: so they wrap it up.	
Nahum 1:13	For now will I break his yoke from off thee, and will burst thy bonds in sunder.	
Nahum 1:14	And the LORD hath given a commandment concerning thee, that no more of thy name be sown: out of the house of thy gods will I cut off the graven image and the molten image: I will make thy grave; for thou art vile.	
Nahum 1:5	The mountains quake at him, and the hills melt, and the earth is burned at his presence, yea, the world, and all that dwell therein.	
Nahum 2:1	He that dasheth in pieces is come up before thy face: keep the munition, watch the way, make thy loins strong, fortify thy power mightily.	
Nahum 2:10	She is empty, and void, and waste: and the heart melteth, and the knees smite together, and much pain is in all loins, and the faces of them all gather blackness.	
Nahum 2:11	Where is the dwelling of the lions, and the feedingplace of the young lions, where the lion, even the old lion, walked, and the lion's whelp, and none made them afraid?	
Nahum 2:13	Behold, I am against thee, saith the LORD of hosts, and I will burn her chariots in the smoke, and the sword shall devour thy young lions: and I will cut off thy prey from the earth, and the voice of thy messengers shall no more be heard.	
Nahum 2:4	The chariots shall rage in the streets, they shall justle one against another in the broad ways: they shall seem like torches, they shall run like the lightnings.	
Nahum 3:17	Thy crowned are as the locusts, and thy captains as the great grasshoppers, which camp in the hedges in the cold day, but when the sun ariseth they flee away, and their place is not known where they are.	
Nehemiah 10:1	Now those that sealed were, Nehemiah, the Tirshatha, the son of Hachaliah, and Zidkijah,	
Nehemiah 10:13	Hodijah, Bani, Beninu.	
Nehemiah 10:15	Bunni, Azgad, Bebai,	
Nehemiah 10:19	Hariph, Anathoth, Nebai,	
Nehemiah 10:2	Seraiah, Azariah, Jeremiah,	
Nehemiah 10:21	Meshezabeel, Zadok, Jaddua,	
Nehemiah 10:22	Pelatiah, Hanan, Anaiah,	
Nehemiah 10:23	Hoshea, Hananiah, Hashub,	
Nehemiah 10:26	And Ahijah, Hanan, Anan,	
Nehemiah 10:28	And the rest of the people, the priests, the Levites, the porters, the singers, the Nethinims, and all they that had separated themselves from the people of the lands unto the law of God, their wives, their sons, and their daughters, every one having knowledge, and having understanding;	
Nehemiah 10:3	Pashur, Amariah, Malchijah,	
Nehemiah 10:34	And we cast the lots among the priests, the Levites, and the people, for the wood offering, to bring it into the house of our God, after the houses of our fathers, at times appointed year by year, to burn upon the altar of the LORD our God, as it is written in the law:	
Nehemiah 10:37	And that we should bring the firstfruits of our dough, and our offerings, and the fruit of all manner of trees, of wine and of oil, unto the priests, to the chambers of the house of our God; and the tithes of our ground unto the Levites, that the same Levites might have the tithes in all the cities of our tillage.	
Nehemiah 10:38	And the priest the son of Aaron shall be with the Levites, when the Levites take tithes: and the Levites shall bring up the tithe of the tithes unto the house of our God, to the chambers, into the treasure house.	
Nehemiah 10:39	For the children of Israel and the children of Levi shall bring the offering of the corn, of the new wine, and the oil, unto the chambers, where are the vessels of the sanctuary, and the priests that minister, and the porters, and the singers: and we will not forsake the house of our God.	
Nehemiah 10:4	Hattush, Shebaniah, Malluch,	
Nehemiah 11:1	And the rulers of the people dwelt at Jerusalem: the rest of the people also cast lots, to bring one of ten to dwell in Jerusalem the holy city, and nine parts to dwell in other cities.	
Nehemiah 11:11	Seraiah the son of Hilkiah, the son of Meshullam, the son of Zadok, the son of Meraioth, the son of Ahitub, was the ruler of the house of God.	
Nehemiah 11:13	And his brethren, chief of the fathers, two hundred forty and two: and Amashai the son of Azareel, the son of Ahasai, the son of Meshillemoth, the son of Immer,	
Nehemiah 11:22	The overseer also of the Levites at Jerusalem was Uzzi the son of Bani, the son of Hashabiah, the son of Mattaniah, the son of Micha. Of the sons of Asaph, the singers were over the business of the house of God.	
Nehemiah 12:17	Of Abijah, Zichri; of Miniamin, of Moadiah, Piltai:	
Nehemiah 12:2	Amariah, Malluch, Hattush,	
Nehemiah 12:24	And the chief of the Levites: Hashabiah, Sherebiah, and Jeshua the son of Kadmiel, with their brethren over against them, to praise and to give thanks, according to the commandment of David the man of God, ward over against ward.	
Nehemiah 12:26	These were in the days of Joiakim the son of Jeshua, the son of Jozadak, and in the days of Nehemiah the governor, and of Ezra the priest, the scribe.	
Nehemiah 12:29	Also from the house of Gilgal, and out of the fields of Geba and Azmaveth: for the singers had builded them villages round about Jerusalem.	
Nehemiah 12:32	And after them went Hoshaiah, and half of the princes of Judah,	
Nehemiah 12:33	And Azariah, Ezra, and Meshullam,	
Nehemiah 12:39	And from above the gate of Ephraim, and above the old gate, and above the fish gate, and the tower of Hananeel, and the tower of Meah, even unto the sheep gate: and they stood still in the prison gate.	
Nehemiah 12:42	And Maaseiah, and Shemaiah, and Eleazar, and Uzzi, and Jehohanan, and Malchijah, and Elam, and Ezer. And the singers sang loud, with Jezrahiah their overseer.	
Nehemiah 12:46	For in the days of David and Asaph of old there were chief of the singers, and songs of praise and thanksgiving unto God.	
Nehemiah 12:7	Sallu, Amok, Hilkiah, Jedaiah. These were the chief of the priests and of their brethren in the days of Jeshua.	
Nehemiah 13:13	And I made treasurers over the treasuries, Shelemiah the priest, and Zadok the scribe, and of the Levites, Pedaiah: and next to them was Hanan the son of Zaccur, the son of Mattaniah: for they were counted faithful, and their office was to distribute unto their brethren.	
Nehemiah 13:15	In those days saw I in Judah some treading wine presses on the sabbath, and bringing in sheaves, and lading asses; as also wine, grapes, and figs, and all manner of burdens, which they brought into Jerusalem on the sabbath day: and I testified against them in the day wherein they sold victuals.	
Nehemiah 13:22	And I commanded the Levites that they should cleanse themselves, and that they should come and keep the gates, to sanctify the sabbath day. Remember me, O my God, concerning this also, and spare me according to the greatness of thy mercy.	
Nehemiah 13:25	And I contended with them, and cursed them, and smote certain of them, and plucked off their hair, and made them swear by God, saying, Ye shall not give your daughters unto their sons, nor take their daughters unto your sons, or for yourselves.	
Nehemiah 13:28	And one of the sons of Joiada, the son of Eliashib the high priest, was son in law to Sanballat the Horonite: therefore I chased him from me.	
Nehemiah 2:11	So I came to Jerusalem, and was there three days.	
Nehemiah 2:17	Then said I unto them, Ye see the distress that we are in, how Jerusalem lieth waste, and the gates thereof are burned with fire: come, and let us build up the wall of Jerusalem, that we be no more a reproach.	
Nehemiah 2:2	Wherefore the king said unto me, Why is thy countenance sad, seeing thou art not sick? this is nothing else but sorrow of heart. Then I was very sore afraid,	
Nehemiah 2:4	Then the king said unto me, For what dost thou make request? So I prayed to the God of heaven.	
Nehemiah 2:5	And I said unto the king, If it please the king, and if thy servant have found favour in thy sight, that thou wouldest send me unto Judah, unto the city of my fathers' sepulchres, that I may build it.	
Nehemiah 3:1	Then Eliashib the high priest rose up with his brethren the priests, and they builded the sheep gate; they sanctified it, and set up the doors of it; even unto the tower of Meah they sanctified it, unto the tower of Hananeel.	
Nehemiah 3:10	And next unto them repaired Jedaiah the son of Harumaph, even over against his house. And next unto him repaired Hattush the son of Hashabniah.	
Nehemiah 3:12	And next unto him repaired Shallum the son of Halohesh, the ruler of the half part of Jerusalem, he and his daughters.	
Nehemiah 3:13	The valley gate repaired Hanun, and the inhabitants of Zanoah; they built it, and set up the doors thereof, the locks thereof, and the bars thereof, and a thousand cubits on the wall unto the dung gate.	
Nehemiah 3:17	After him repaired the Levites, Rehum the son of Bani. Next unto him repaired Hashabiah, the ruler of the half part of Keilah, in his part.	
Nehemiah 3:19	And next to him repaired Ezer the son of Jeshua, the ruler of Mizpah, another piece over against the going up to the armoury at the turning of the wall.	
Nehemiah 3:25	Palal the son of Uzai, over against the turning of the wall, and the tower which lieth out from the king's high house, that was by the court of the prison. After him Pedaiah the son of Parosh.	
Nehemiah 3:7	And next unto them repaired Melatiah the Gibeonite, and Jadon the Meronothite, the men of Gibeon, and of Mizpah, unto the throne of the governor on this side the river.	
Nehemiah 4:14	And I looked, and rose up, and said unto the nobles, and to the rulers, and to the rest of the people, Be not ye afraid of them: remember the LORD, which is great and terrible, and fight for your brethren, your sons, and your daughters, your wives, and your houses.	
Nehemiah 4:2	And he spake before his brethren and the army of Samaria, and said, What do these feeble Jews? will they fortify themselves? will they sacrifice? will they make an end in a day? will they revive the stones out of the heaps of the rubbish which are burned?	
Nehemiah 4:20	In what place therefore ye hear the sound of the trumpet, resort ye thither unto us: our God shall fight for us.	
Nehemiah 4:21	So we laboured in the work: and half of them held the spears from the rising of the morning till the stars appeared.	
Nehemiah 5:10	I likewise, and my brethren, and my servants, might exact of them money and corn: I pray you, let us leave off this usury.	
Nehemiah 5:15	But the former governors that had been before me were chargeable unto the people, and had taken of them bread and wine, beside forty shekels of silver; yea, even their servants bare rule over the people: but so did not I, because of the fear of God.	
Nehemiah 5:17	Moreover there were at my table an hundred and fifty of the Jews and rulers, beside those that came unto us from among the heathen that are about us.	
Nehemiah 5:3	Some also there were that said, We have mortgaged our lands, vineyards, and houses, that we might buy corn, because of the dearth.	
Nehemiah 5:4	There were also that said, We have borrowed money for the king's tribute, and that upon our lands and vineyards.	
Nehemiah 5:8	And I said unto them, We after our ability have redeemed our brethren the Jews, which were sold unto the heathen; and will ye even sell your brethren? or shall they be sold unto us? Then held they their peace, and found nothing to answer.	
Nehemiah 5:9	Also I said, It is not good that ye do: ought ye not to walk in the fear of our God because of the reproach of the heathen our enemies?	
Nehemiah 6:11	And I said, Should such a man as I flee? and who is there, that, being as I am, would go into the temple to save his life? I will not go in.	
Nehemiah 6:17	Moreover in those days the nobles of Judah sent many letters unto Tobiah, and the letters of Tobiah came unto them.	
Nehemiah 6:19	Also they reported his good deeds before me, and uttered my words to him. And Tobiah sent letters to put me in fear.	
Nehemiah 6:2	That Sanballat and Geshem sent unto me, saying, Come, let us meet together in some one of the villages in the plain of Ono. But they thought to do me mischief.	
Nehemiah 6:5	Then sent Sanballat his servant unto me in like manner the fifth time with an open letter in his hand;	
Nehemiah 7:15	The children of Binnui, six hundred forty and eight.	
Nehemiah 7:17	The children of Azgad, two thousand three hundred twenty and two.	
Nehemiah 7:24	The children of Hariph, an hundred and twelve.	
Nehemiah 7:31	The men of Michmas, an hundred and twenty and two.	
Nehemiah 7:35	The children of Harim, three hundred and twenty.	
Nehemiah 7:37	The children of Lod, Hadid, and Ono, seven hundred twenty and one.	
Nehemiah 7:41	The children of Pashur, a thousand two hundred forty and seven.	
Nehemiah 7:43	The Levites: the children of Jeshua, of Kadmiel, and of the children of Hodevah, seventy and four.	
Nehemiah 7:49	The children of Hanan, the children of Giddel, the children of Gahar,	
Nehemiah 7:52	The children of Besai, the children of Meunim, the children of Nephishesim,	
Nehemiah 7:57	The children of Solomon's servants: the children of Sotai, the children of Sophereth, the children of Perida,	
Nehemiah 7:8	The children of Parosh, two thousand an hundred seventy and two.	
Nehemiah 8:11	So the Levites stilled all the people, saying, Hold your peace, for the day is holy; neither be ye grieved.	
Nehemiah 9:1	Now in the twenty and fourth day of this month the children of Israel were assembled with fasting, and with sackclothes, and earth upon them.	
Nehemiah 9:11	And thou didst divide the sea before them, so that they went through the midst of the sea on the dry land; and their persecutors thou threwest into the deeps, as a stone into the mighty waters.	
Nehemiah 9:16	But they and our fathers dealt proudly, and hardened their necks, and hearkened not to thy commandments,	
Nehemiah 9:19	Yet thou in thy manifold mercies forsookest them not in the wilderness: the pillar of the cloud departed not from them by day, to lead them in the way; neither the pillar of fire by night, to shew them light, and the way wherein they should go.	
Nehemiah 9:25	And they took strong cities, and a fat land, and possessed houses full of all goods, wells digged, vineyards, and oliveyards, and fruit trees in abundance: so they did eat, and were filled, and became fat, and delighted themselves in thy great goodness.	
Nehemiah 9:26	Nevertheless they were disobedient, and rebelled against thee, and cast thy law behind their backs, and slew thy prophets which testified against them to turn them to thee, and they wrought great provocations.	
Nehemiah 9:33	Howbeit thou art just in all that is brought upon us; for thou hast done right, but we have done wickedly:	
Nehemiah 9:36	Behold, we are servants this day, and for the land that thou gavest unto our fathers to eat the fruit thereof and the good thereof, behold, we are servants in it:	
Nehemiah 9:38	And because of all this we make a sure covenant, and write it; and our princes, Levites, and priests, seal unto it.	
Nehemiah 9:4	Then stood up upon the stairs, of the Levites, Jeshua, and Bani, Kadmiel, Shebaniah, Bunni, Sherebiah, Bani, and Chenani, and cried with a loud voice unto the LORD their God.	
Nehemiah 9:6	Thou, even thou, art LORD alone; thou hast made heaven, the heaven of heavens, with all their host, the earth, and all things that are therein, the seas, and all that is therein, and thou preservest them all; and the host of heaven worshippeth thee.	
Nehemiah 9:7	Thou art the LORD the God, who didst choose Abram, and broughtest him forth out of Ur of the Chaldees, and gavest him the name of Abraham;	
Numbers 10:13	And they first took their journey according to the commandment of the LORD by the hand of Moses.	
Numbers 10:15	And over the host of the tribe of the children of Issachar was Nethaneel the son of Zuar.	
Numbers 10:18	And the standard of the camp of Reuben set forward according to their armies: and over his host was Elizur the son of Shedeur.	
Numbers 10:23	And over the host of the tribe of the children of Manasseh was Gamaliel the son of Pedahzur.	
Numbers 10:25	And the standard of the camp of the children of Dan set forward, which was the rearward of all the camps throughout their hosts: and over his host was Ahiezer the son of Ammishaddai.	
Numbers 10:26	And over the host of the tribe of the children of Asher was Pagiel the son of Ocran.	
Numbers 10:30	And he said unto him, I will not go; but I will depart to mine own land, and to my kindred.	
Numbers 10:33	And they departed from the mount of the LORD three days' journey: and the ark of the covenant of the LORD went before them in the three days' journey, to search out a resting place for them.	
Numbers 11:17	And I will come down and talk with thee there: and I will take of the spirit which is upon thee, and will put it upon them; and they shall bear the burden of the people with thee, that thou bear it not thyself alone.	
Numbers 11:22	Shall the flocks and the herds be slain for them, to suffice them? or shall all the fish of the sea be gathered together for them, to suffice them?	
Numbers 11:26	But there remained two of the men in the camp, the name of the one was Eldad, and the name of the other Medad: and the spirit rested upon them; and they were of them that were written, but went not out unto the tabernacle: and they prophesied in the camp.	
Numbers 11:28	And Joshua the son of Nun, the servant of Moses, one of his young men, answered and said, My lord Moses, forbid them.	
Numbers 11:33	And while the flesh was yet between their teeth, ere it was chewed, the wrath of the LORD was kindled against the people, and the LORD smote the people with a very great plague.	
Numbers 11:4	And the mixed multitude that was among them fell a lusting: and the children of Israel also wept again, and said, Who shall give us flesh to eat?	
Numbers 11:9	And when the dew fell upon the camp in the night, the manna fell upon it.	
Numbers 12:12	Let her not be as one dead, of whom the flesh is half consumed when he cometh out of his mother's womb.	
Numbers 12:15	And Miriam was shut out from the camp seven days: and the people journeyed not till Miriam was brought in again.	
Numbers 12:2	And they said, Hath the LORD indeed spoken only by Moses? hath he not spoken also by us? And the LORD heard it.	
Numbers 12:8	With him will I speak mouth to mouth, even apparently, and not in dark speeches; and the similitude of the LORD shall he behold: wherefore then were ye not afraid to speak against my servant Moses?	
Numbers 13:1	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,	
Numbers 13:10	Of the tribe of Zebulun, Gaddiel the son of Sodi.	
Numbers 13:11	Of the tribe of Joseph, namely, of the tribe of Manasseh, Gaddi the son of Susi.	
Numbers 13:17	And Moses sent them to spy out the land of Canaan, and said unto them, Get you up this way southward, and go up into the mountain:	
Numbers 13:2	Send thou men, that they may search the land of Canaan, which I give unto the children of Israel: of every tribe of their fathers shall ye send a man, every one a ruler among them.	
Numbers 13:24	The place was called the brook Eshcol, because of the cluster of grapes which the children of Israel cut down from thence.	
Numbers 13:29	The Amalekites dwell in the land of the south: and the Hittites, and the Jebusites, and the Amorites, dwell in the mountains: and the Canaanites dwell by the sea, and by the coast of Jordan.	
Numbers 13:32	And they brought up an evil report of the land which they had searched unto the children of Israel, saying, The land, through which we have gone to search it, is a land that eateth up the inhabitants thereof; and all the people that we saw in it are men of a great stature.	
Numbers 13:5	Of the tribe of Simeon, Shaphat the son of Hori.	
Numbers 13:7	Of the tribe of Issachar, Igal the son of Joseph.	
Numbers 14:13	And Moses said unto the LORD, Then the Egyptians shall hear it, (for thou broughtest up this people in thy might from among them;)	
Numbers 14:14	And they will tell it to the inhabitants of this land: for they have heard that thou LORD art among this people, that thou LORD art seen face to face, and that thy cloud standeth over them, and that thou goest before them, by day time in a pillar of a cloud, and in a pillar of fire by night.	
Numbers 14:18	The LORD is long-suffering, and of great mercy, forgiving iniquity and transgression, and by no means clearing the guilty, visiting the iniquity of the fathers upon the children unto the third and fourth generation.	
Numbers 14:22	Because all those men which have seen my glory, and my miracles, which I did in Egypt and in the wilderness, and have tempted me now these ten times, and have not hearkened to my voice;	
Numbers 14:23	Surely they shall not see the land which I sware unto their fathers, neither shall any of them that provoked me see it:	
Numbers 14:26	And the LORD spake unto Moses and unto Aaron, saying,	
Numbers 14:30	Doubtless ye shall not come into the land, concerning which I sware to make you dwell therein, save Caleb the son of Jephunneh, and Joshua the son of Nun.	
Numbers 14:32	But as for you, your carcasses, they shall fall in this wilderness.	
Numbers 14:35	I the LORD have said, I will surely do it unto all this evil congregation, that are gathered together against me: in this wilderness they shall be consumed, and there they shall die.	
Numbers 14:42	Go not up, for the LORD is not among you; that ye be not smitten before your enemies.	
Numbers 14:6	And Joshua the son of Nun, and Caleb the son of Jephunneh, which were of them that searched the land, rent their clothes:	
Numbers 14:9	Only rebel not ye against the LORD, neither fear ye the people of the land; for they are bread for us: their defense is departed from them, and the LORD is with us: fear them not.	
Numbers 15:14	And if a stranger sojourn with you, or whosoever be among you in your generations, and will offer an offering made by fire, of a sweet savor unto the LORD; as ye do, so he shall do.	
Numbers 15:16	One law and one manner shall be for you, and for the stranger that sojourneth with you.	
Numbers 15:26	And it shall be forgiven all the congregation of the children of Israel, and the stranger that sojourneth among them; seeing all the people were in ignorance.	
Numbers 15:27	And if any soul sin through ignorance, then he shall bring a she goat of the first year for a sin offering.	
Numbers 15:34	And they put him in ward, because it was not declared what should be done to him.	
Numbers 15:35	And the LORD said unto Moses, The man shall be surely put to death: all the congregation shall stone him with stones without the camp.	
Numbers 15:38	Speak unto the children of Israel, and bid them that they make them fringes in the borders of their garments throughout their generations, and that they put upon the fringe of the borders a ribband of blue:	
Numbers 16:1	Now Korah, the son of Izhar, the son of Kohath, the son of Levi, and Dathan and Abiram, the sons of Eliab, and On, the son of Peleth, sons of Reuben, took men:	
Numbers 16:16	And Moses said unto Korah, Be thou and all thy company before the LORD, thou, and they, and Aaron, to morrow:	
Numbers 16:20	And the LORD spake unto Moses and unto Aaron, saying,	
Numbers 16:22	And they fell upon their faces, and said, O God, the God of the spirits of all flesh, shall one man sin, and wilt thou be wroth with all the congregation?	
Numbers 16:26	And he spake unto the congregation, saying, Depart, I pray you, from the tents of these wicked men, and touch nothing of theirs, lest ye be consumed in all their sins.	
Numbers 16:28	And Moses said, Hereby ye shall know that the LORD hath sent me to do all these works; for I have not done them of mine own mind.	
Numbers 16:29	If these men die the common death of all men, or if they be visited after the visitation of all men; then the LORD hath not sent me.	
Numbers 16:30	But if the LORD make a new thing, and the earth open her mouth, and swallow them up, with all that appertain unto them, and they go down quick into the pit; then ye shall understand that these men have provoked the LORD.	
Numbers 16:31	And it came to pass, as he had made an end of speaking all these words, that the ground clave asunder that was under them:	
Numbers 16:42	And it came to pass, when the congregation was gathered against Moses and against Aaron, that they looked toward the tabernacle of the congregation: and, behold, the cloud covered it, and the glory of the LORD appeared.	
Numbers 16:49	Now they that died in the plague were fourteen thousand and seven hundred, beside them that died about the matter of Korah.	
Numbers 16:5	And he spake unto Korah and unto all his company, saying, Even to morrow the LORD will show who are his, and who is holy; and will cause him to come near unto him: even him whom he hath chosen will he cause to come near unto him.	
Numbers 16:9	Seemeth it but a small thing unto you, that the God of Israel hath separated you from the congregation of Israel, to bring you near to himself to do the service of the tabernacle of the LORD, and to stand before the congregation to minister unto them?	
Numbers 17:1	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,	
Numbers 17:10	And the LORD said unto Moses, Bring Aaron's rod again before the testimony, to be kept for a token against the rebels; and thou shalt quite take away their murmurings from me, that they die not.	
Numbers 17:12	And the children of Israel spake unto Moses, saying, Behold, we die, we perish, we all perish.	
Numbers 17:5	And it shall come to pass, that the man's rod, whom I shall choose, shall blossom: and I will make to cease from me the murmurings of the children of Israel, whereby they murmur against you.	
Numbers 18:11	And this is thine; the heave offering of their gift, with all the wave offerings of the children of Israel: I have given them unto thee, and to thy sons and to thy daughters with thee, by a statute for ever: every one that is clean in thy house shall eat of it.	
Numbers 18:12	All the best of the oil, and all the best of the wine, and of the wheat, the firstfruits of them which they shall offer unto the LORD, them have I given thee.	
Numbers 18:14	Every thing devoted in Israel shall be thine.	
Numbers 18:3	And they shall keep thy charge, and the charge of all the tabernacle: only they shall not come nigh the vessels of the sanctuary and the altar, that neither they, nor ye also, die.	
Numbers 18:30	Therefore thou shalt say unto them, When ye have heaved the best thereof from it, then it shall be counted unto the Levites as the increase of the threshingfloor, and as the increase of the winepress.	
Numbers 18:31	And ye shall eat it in every place, ye and your households: for it is your reward for your service in the tabernacle of the congregation.	
Numbers 18:5	And ye shall keep the charge of the sanctuary, and the charge of the altar: that there be no wrath any more upon the children of Israel.	
Numbers 18:7	Therefore thou and thy sons with thee shall keep your priest's office for everything of the altar, and within the vail; and ye shall serve: I have given your priest's office unto you as a service of gift: and the stranger that cometh nigh shall be put to death.	
Numbers 18:8	And the LORD spake unto Aaron, Behold, I also have given thee the charge of mine heave offerings of all the hallowed things of the children of Israel; unto thee have I given them by reason of the anointing, and to thy sons, by an ordinance for ever.	
Numbers 18:9	This shall be thine of the most holy things, reserved from the fire: every oblation of theirs, every meat offering of theirs, and every sin offering of theirs, and every trespass offering of theirs which they shall render unto me, shall be most holy for thee and for thy sons.	
Numbers 19:12	He shall purify himself with it on the third day, and on the seventh day he shall be clean: but if he purify not himself the third day, then the seventh day he shall not be clean.	
Numbers 19:21	And it shall be a perpetual statute unto them, that he that sprinkleth the water of separation shall wash his clothes; and he that toucheth the water of separation shall be unclean until even.	
Numbers 19:3	And ye shall give her unto Eleazar the priest, that he may bring her forth without the camp, and one shall slay her before his face:	
Numbers 19:7	Then the priest shall wash his clothes, and he shall bathe his flesh in water, and afterward he shall come into the camp, and the priest shall be unclean until the even.	
Numbers 19:9	And a man that is clean shall gather up the ashes of the heifer, and lay them up without the camp in a clean place, and it shall be kept for the congregation of the children of Israel for a water of separation: it is a purification for sin.	
Numbers 1:17	And Moses and Aaron took these men which are expressed by their names:	
Numbers 1:19	As the LORD commanded Moses, so he numbered them in the wilderness of Sinai.	
Numbers 1:33	Those that were numbered of them, even of the tribe of Ephraim, were forty thousand and five hundred.	
Numbers 1:40	Of the children of Asher, by their generations, after their families, by the house of their fathers, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war;	
Numbers 1:42	Of the children of Naphtali, throughout their generations, after their families, by the house of their fathers, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war;	
Numbers 1:44	These are those that were numbered, which Moses and Aaron numbered, and the princes of Israel, being twelve men: each one was for the house of his fathers.	
Numbers 1:46	Even all they that were numbered were six hundred thousand and three thousand and five hundred and fifty.	
Numbers 1:51	And when the tabernacle setteth forward, the Levites shall take it down: and when the tabernacle is to be pitched, the Levites shall set it up: and the stranger that cometh nigh shall be put to death.	
Numbers 20:10	And Moses and Aaron gathered the congregation together before the rock, and he said unto them, Hear now, ye rebels; must we fetch you water out of this rock?	
Numbers 20:13	This is the water of Meribah; because the children of Israel strove with the LORD, and he was sanctified in them.	
Numbers 20:14	And Moses sent messengers from Kadesh unto the king of Edom, Thus saith thy brother Israel, Thou knowest all the travail that hath befallen us:	
Numbers 20:16	And when we cried unto the LORD, he heard our voice, and sent an angel, and hath brought us forth out of Egypt: and, behold, we are in Kadesh, a city in the uttermost of thy border:	
Numbers 20:2	And there was no water for the congregation: and they gathered themselves together against Moses and against Aaron.	
Numbers 20:22	And the children of Israel, even the whole congregation, journeyed from Kadesh, and came unto mount Hor.	
Numbers 20:23	And the LORD spake unto Moses and Aaron in mount Hor, by the coast of the land of Edom, saying,	
Numbers 20:24	Aaron shall be gathered unto his people: for he shall not enter into the land which I have given unto the children of Israel, because ye rebelled against my word at the water of Meribah.	
Numbers 20:25	Take Aaron and Eleazar his son, and bring them up unto mount Hor:	
Numbers 20:27	And Moses did as the LORD commanded: and they went up into mount Hor in the sight of all the congregation.	
Numbers 20:28	And Moses stripped Aaron of his garments, and put them upon Eleazar his son; and Aaron died there in the top of the mount: and Moses and Eleazar came down from the mount.	
Numbers 20:9	And Moses took the rod from before the LORD, as he commanded him.	
Numbers 21:10	And the children of Israel set forward, and pitched in Oboth.	
Numbers 21:17	Then Israel sang this song, Spring up, O well; sing ye unto it:	
Numbers 21:19	And from Mattanah to Nahaliel: and from Nahaliel to Bamoth:	
Numbers 21:20	And from Bamoth in the valley, that is in the country of Moab, to the top of Pisgah, which looketh toward Jeshimon.	
Numbers 21:27	Wherefore they that speak in proverbs say, Come into Heshbon, let the city of Sihon be built and prepared:	
Numbers 21:28	For there is a fire gone out of Heshbon, a flame from the city of Sihon: it hath consumed Ar of Moab, and the lords of the high places of Arnon.	
Numbers 21:3	And the LORD hearkened to the voice of Israel, and delivered up the Canaanites; and they utterly destroyed them and their cities: and he called the name of the place Hormah.	
Numbers 21:34	And the LORD said unto Moses, Fear him not: for I have delivered him into thy hand, and all his people, and his land; and thou shalt do to him as thou didst unto Sihon king of the Amorites, which dwelt at Heshbon.	
Numbers 21:5	And the people spake against God, and against Moses, Wherefore have ye brought us up out of Egypt to die in the wilderness? for there is no bread, neither is there any water; and our soul loatheth this light bread.	
Numbers 21:6	And the LORD sent fiery serpents among the people, and they bit the people; and much people of Israel died.	
Numbers 21:7	Therefore the people came to Moses, and said, We have sinned, for we have spoken against the LORD, and against thee; pray unto the LORD, that he take away the serpents from us. And Moses prayed for the people.	
Numbers 22:1	And the children of Israel set forward, and pitched in the plains of Moab on this side Jordan by Jericho.	
Numbers 22:14	And the princes of Moab rose up, and they went unto Balak, and said, Balaam refuseth to come with us.	
Numbers 22:15	And Balak sent yet again princes, more, and more honorable than they.	
Numbers 22:18	And Balaam answered and said unto the servants of Balak, If Balak would give me his house full of silver and gold, I cannot go beyond the word of the LORD my God, to do less or more.	
Numbers 22:20	And God came unto Balaam at night, and said unto him, If the men come to call thee, rise up, and go with them; but yet the word which I shall say unto thee, that shalt thou do.	
Numbers 22:27	And when the ass saw the angel of the LORD, she fell down under Balaam: and Balaam's anger was kindled, and he smote the ass with a staff.	
Numbers 22:30	And the ass said unto Balaam, Am not I thine ass, upon which thou hast ridden ever since I was thine unto this day? was I ever wont to do so unto thee? And he said, Nay.	
Numbers 22:35	And the angel of the LORD said unto Balaam, Go with the men: but only the word that I shall speak unto thee, that thou shalt speak. So Balaam went with the princes of Balak.	
Numbers 23:10	Who can count the dust of Jacob, and the number of the fourth part of Israel? Let me die the death of the righteous, and let my last end be like his!	
Numbers 23:15	And he said unto Balak, Stand here by thy burnt offering, while I meet the LORD yonder.	
Numbers 23:20	Behold, I have received commandment to bless: and he hath blessed; and I cannot reverse it.	
Numbers 23:23	Surely there is no enchantment against Jacob, neither is there any divination against Israel: according to this time it shall be said of Jacob and of Israel, What hath God wrought!	
Numbers 23:29	And Balaam said unto Balak, Build me here seven altars, and prepare me here seven bullocks and seven rams.	
Numbers 23:30	And Balak did as Balaam had said, and offered a bullock and a ram on every altar.	
Numbers 24:11	Therefore now flee thou to thy place: I thought to promote thee unto great honor; but, lo, the LORD hath kept thee back from honor.	
Numbers 24:3	And he took up his parable, and said, Balaam the son of Beor hath said, and the man whose eyes are open hath said:	
Numbers 24:5	How goodly are thy tents, O Jacob, and thy tabernacles, O Israel!	
Numbers 24:7	He shall pour the water out of his buckets, and his seed shall be in many waters, and his king shall be higher than Agag, and his kingdom shall be exalted.	
Numbers 25:2	And they called the people unto the sacrifices of their gods: and the people did eat, and bowed down to their gods.	
Numbers 25:4	And the LORD said unto Moses, Take all the heads of the people, and hang them up before the LORD against the sun, that the fierce anger of the LORD may be turned away from Israel.	
Numbers 25:5	And Moses said unto the judges of Israel, Slay ye every one his men that were joined unto Baalpeor.	
Numbers 25:9	And those that died in the plague were twenty and four thousand.	
Numbers 26:10	And the earth opened her mouth, and swallowed them up together with Korah, when that company died, what time the fire devoured two hundred and fifty men: and they became a sign.	
Numbers 26:14	These are the families of the Simeonites, twenty and two thousand and two hundred.	
Numbers 26:15	The children of Gad after their families: of Zephon, the family of the Zephonites: of Haggi, the family of the Haggites: of Shuni, the family of the Shunites:	
Numbers 26:2	Take the sum of all the congregation of the children of Israel, from twenty years old and upward, throughout their fathers' house, all that are able to go to war in Israel.	
Numbers 26:23	Of the sons of Issachar after their families: of Tola, the family of the Tolaites: of Pua, the family of the Punites:	
Numbers 26:28	The sons of Joseph after their families were Manasseh and Ephraim.	
Numbers 26:31	And of Asriel, the family of the Asrielites: and of Shechem, the family of the Shechemites:	
Numbers 26:43	All the families of the Shuhamites, according to those that were numbered of them, were threescore and four thousand and four hundred.	
Numbers 26:48	Of the sons of Naphtali after their families: of Jahzeel, the family of the Jahzeelites: of Guni, the family of the Gunites:	
Numbers 26:52	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,	
Numbers 26:56	According to the lot shall the possession thereof be divided between many and few.	
Numbers 26:61	And Nadab and Abihu died, when they offered strange fire before the LORD.	
Numbers 26:63	These are they that were numbered by Moses and Eleazar the priest, who numbered the children of Israel in the plains of Moab by Jordan near Jericho.	
Numbers 26:7	These are the families of the Reubenites: and they that were numbered of them were forty and three thousand and seven hundred and thirty.	
Numbers 26:8	And the sons of Pallu; Eliab.	
Numbers 27:10	And if he have no brethren, then ye shall give his inheritance unto his father's brethren.	
Numbers 27:16	Let the LORD, the God of the spirits of all flesh, set a man over the congregation,	
Numbers 27:23	And he laid his hands upon him, and gave him a charge, as the LORD commanded by the hand of Moses.	
Numbers 27:3	Our father died in the wilderness, and he was not in the company of them that gathered themselves together against the LORD in the company of Korah; but died in his own sin, and had no sons.	
Numbers 27:4	Why should the name of our father be done away from among his family, because he hath no son? Give unto us therefore a possession among the brethren of our father.	
Numbers 27:6	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,	
Numbers 27:7	The daughters of Zelophehad speak right: thou shalt surely give them a possession of an inheritance among their father's brethren; and thou shalt cause the inheritance of their father to pass unto them.	
Numbers 27:8	And thou shalt speak unto the children of Israel, saying, If a man die, and have no son, then ye shall cause his inheritance to pass unto his daughter.	
Numbers 27:9	And if he have no daughter, then ye shall give his inheritance unto his brethren.	
Numbers 28:1	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,	
Numbers 28:31	Ye shall offer them beside the continual burnt offering, and his meat offering, (they shall be unto you without blemish) and their drink offerings.	
Numbers 28:5	And a tenth part of an ephah of flour for a meat offering, mingled with the fourth part of an hin of beaten oil.	
Numbers 28:8	And the other lamb shalt thou offer at even: as the meat offering of the morning, and as the drink offering thereof, thou shalt offer it, a sacrifice made by fire, of a sweet savor unto the LORD.	
Numbers 29:11	One kid of the goats for a sin offering; beside the sin offering of atonement, and the continual burnt offering, and the meat offering of it, and their drink offerings.	
Numbers 29:13	And ye shall offer a burnt offering, a sacrifice made by fire, of a sweet savor unto the LORD; thirteen young bullocks, two rams, and fourteen lambs of the first year; they shall be without blemish:	
Numbers 29:26	And on the fifth day nine bullocks, two rams, and fourteen lambs of the first year without spot:	
Numbers 29:28	And one goat for a sin offering; beside the continual burnt offering, and his meat offering, and his drink offering.	
Numbers 29:33	And their meat offering and their drink offerings for the bullocks, for the rams, and for the lambs, shall be according to their number, after the manner:	
Numbers 29:34	And one goat for a sin offering; beside the continual burnt offering, his meat offering, and his drink offering.	
Numbers 29:39	These things ye shall do unto the LORD in your set feasts, beside your vows, and your freewill offerings, for your burnt offerings, and for your meat offerings, and for your drink offerings, and for your peace offerings.	
Numbers 29:4	And one tenth deal for one lamb, throughout the seven lambs:	
Numbers 29:9	And their meat offering shall be of flour mingled with oil, three tenth deals to a bullock, and two tenth deals to one ram,	
Numbers 2:10	On the south side shall be the standard of the camp of Reuben according to their armies: and the captain of the children of Reuben shall be Elizur the son of Shedeur.	
Numbers 2:15	And his host, and those that were numbered of them, were forty and five thousand and six hundred and fifty.	
Numbers 2:2	Every man of the children of Israel shall pitch by his own standard, with the ensign of their father's house: far off about the tabernacle of the congregation shall they pitch.	
Numbers 2:21	And his host, and those that were numbered of them, were thirty and two thousand and two hundred.	
Numbers 2:22	Then the tribe of Benjamin: and the captain of the sons of Benjamin shall be Abidan the son of Gideoni.	
Numbers 2:23	And his host, and those that were numbered of them, were thirty and five thousand and four hundred.	
Numbers 2:24	All that were numbered of the camp of Ephraim were an hundred thousand and eight thousand and an hundred, throughout their armies. And they shall go forward in the third rank.	
Numbers 2:29	Then the tribe of Naphtali: and the captain of the children of Naphtali shall be Ahira the son of Enan.	
Numbers 2:3	And on the east side toward the rising of the sun shall they of the standard of the camp of Judah pitch throughout their armies: and Nahshon the son of Amminadab shall be captain of the children of Judah.	
Numbers 2:30	And his host, and those that were numbered of them, were fifty and three thousand and four hundred.	
Numbers 2:8	And his host, and those that were numbered thereof, were fifty and seven thousand and four hundred.	
Numbers 30:1	And Moses spake unto the heads of the tribes concerning the children of Israel, saying, This is the thing which the LORD hath commanded.	
Numbers 30:10	And if she vowed in her husband's house, or bound her soul by a bond with an oath;	
Numbers 30:14	But if her husband altogether hold his peace at her from day to day; then he establisheth all her vows, or all her bonds, which are upon her: he confirmeth them, because he held his peace at her in the day that he heard them.	
Numbers 30:16	These are the statutes, which the LORD commanded Moses, between a man and his wife, between the father and his daughter, being yet in her youth in her father's house.	
Numbers 30:4	And her father hear her vow, and her bond wherewith she hath bound her soul, and her father shall hold his peace at her; then all her vows shall stand, and every bond wherewith she hath bound her soul shall stand.	
Numbers 30:5	But if her father disallow her in the day that he heareth; not any of her vows, or of her bonds wherewith she hath bound her soul, shall stand: and the LORD shall forgive her, because her father disallowed her.	
Numbers 31:1	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,	
Numbers 31:14	And Moses was wroth with the officers of the host, with the captains over thousands, and captains over hundreds, which came from the battle.	
Numbers 31:15	And Moses said unto them, Have ye saved all the women alive?	
Numbers 31:20	And purify all your raiment, and all that is made of skins, and all work of goats' hair, and all things made of wood.	
Numbers 31:25	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,	
Numbers 31:26	Take the sum of the prey that was taken, both of man and of beast, thou, and Eleazar the priest, and the chief fathers of the congregation:	
Numbers 31:4	Of every tribe a thousand, throughout all the tribes of Israel, shall ye send to the war.	
Numbers 31:41	And Moses gave the tribute, which was the LORD's heave offering, unto Eleazar the priest, as the LORD commanded Moses.	
Numbers 31:42	And of the children of Israel's half, which Moses divided from the men that warred,	
Numbers 31:45	And thirty thousand asses and five hundred,	
Numbers 32:15	For if ye turn away from after him, he will yet again leave them in the wilderness; and ye shall destroy all this people.	
Numbers 32:16	And they came near unto him, and said, We will build sheepfolds here for our cattle, and cities for our little ones:	
Numbers 32:18	We will not return unto our houses, until the children of Israel have inherited every man his inheritance.	
Numbers 32:19	For we will not inherit with them on yonder side Jordan, or forward; because our inheritance is fallen to us on this side Jordan eastward.	
Numbers 32:2	The children of Gad and the children of Reuben came and spake unto Moses, and to Eleazar the priest, and unto the princes of the congregation, saying,	
Numbers 32:22	And the land be subdued before the LORD: then afterward ye shall return, and be guiltless before the LORD, and before Israel; and this land shall be your possession before the LORD.	
Numbers 32:25	And the children of Gad and the children of Reuben spake unto Moses, saying, Thy servants will do as my lord commandeth.	
Numbers 32:27	But thy servants will pass over, every man armed for war, before the Lord to battle, as my lord saith.	
Numbers 32:29	And Moses said unto them, If the children of Gad and the children of Reuben will pass with you over Jordan, every man armed to battle, before the LORD, and the land shall be subdued before you; then ye shall give them the land of Gilead for a possession:	
Numbers 32:30	But if they will not pass over with you armed, they shall have possessions among you in the land of Canaan.	
Numbers 32:33	And Moses gave unto them, even to the children of Gad, and to the children of Reuben, and unto half the tribe of Manasseh the son of Joseph, the kingdom of Sihon king of the Amorites, and the kingdom of Og king of Bashan, the land, with the cities thereof in the coasts, even the cities of the country round about.	
Numbers 32:40	And Moses gave Gilead unto Machir the son of Manasseh; and he dwelt therein.	
Numbers 32:8	Thus did your fathers, when I sent them from Kadeshbarnea to see the land.	
Numbers 33:14	And they removed from Alush, and encamped at Rephidim, where was no water for the people to drink.	
Numbers 33:19	And they departed from Rithmah, and pitched at Rimmonparez.	
Numbers 33:23	And they went from Kehelathah, and pitched in mount Shapher.	
Numbers 33:29	And they went from Mithcah, and pitched in Hashmonah.	
Numbers 33:3	And they departed from Rameses in the first month, on the fifteenth day of the first month; on the morrow after the passover the children of Israel went out with an high hand in the sight of all the Egyptians.	
Numbers 33:31	And they departed from Moseroth, and pitched in Benejaakan.	
Numbers 33:35	And they departed from Ebronah, and encamped at Eziongaber.	
Numbers 33:37	And they removed from Kadesh, and pitched in mount Hor, in the edge of the land of Edom.	
Numbers 33:40	And king Arad the Canaanite, which dwelt in the south in the land of Canaan, heard of the coming of the children of Israel.	
Numbers 33:50	And the LORD spake unto Moses in the plains of Moab by Jordan near Jericho, saying,	
Numbers 33:53	And ye shall dispossess the inhabitants of the land, and dwell therein: for I have given you the land to possess it.	
Numbers 34:10	And ye shall point out your east border from Hazarenan to Shepham:	
Numbers 34:14	For the tribe of the children of Reuben according to the house of their fathers, and the tribe of the children of Gad according to the house of their fathers, have received their inheritance; and half the tribe of Manasseh have received their inheritance:	
Numbers 34:21	Of the tribe of Benjamin, Elidad the son of Chislon.	
Numbers 34:22	And the prince of the tribe of the children of Dan, Bukki the son of Jogli.	
Numbers 34:23	The prince of the children of Joseph, for the tribe of the children of Manasseh, Hanniel the son of Ephod.	
Numbers 34:29	These are they whom the LORD commanded to divide the inheritance unto the children of Israel in the land of Canaan.	
Numbers 34:3	Then your south quarter shall be from the wilderness of Zin along by the coast of Edom, and your south border shall be the outmost coast of the salt sea eastward:	
Numbers 34:4	And your border shall turn from the south to the ascent of Akrabbim, and pass on to Zin: and the going forth thereof shall be from the south to Kadeshbarnea, and shall go on to Hazaraddar, and pass on to Azmon:	
Numbers 34:6	And as for the western border, ye shall even have the great sea for a border: this shall be your west border.	
Numbers 34:8	From mount Hor ye shall point out your border unto the entrance of Hamath; and the goings forth of the border shall be to Zedad:	
Numbers 34:9	And the border shall go on to Ziphron, and the goings out of it shall be at Hazarenan: this shall be your north border.	
Numbers 35:14	Ye shall give three cities on this side Jordan, and three cities shall ye give in the land of Canaan, which shall be cities of refuge.	
Numbers 35:17	And if he smite him with throwing a stone, wherewith he may die, and he die, he is a murderer: the murderer shall surely be put to death.	
Numbers 35:21	Or in enmity smite him with his hand, that he die: he that smote him shall surely be put to death; for he is a murderer: the revenger of blood shall slay the murderer, when he meeteth him.	
Numbers 35:28	Because he should have remained in the city of his refuge until the death of the high priest: but after the death of the high priest the slayer shall return into the land of his possession.	
Numbers 35:31	Moreover ye shall take no satisfaction for the life of a murderer, which is guilty of death: but he shall be surely put to death.	
Numbers 35:32	And ye shall take no satisfaction for him that is fled to the city of his refuge, that he should come again to dwell in the land, until the death of the priest.	
Numbers 35:9	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,	
Numbers 36:11	For Mahlah, Tirzah, and Hoglah, and Milcah, and Noah, the daughters of Zelophehad, were married unto their father's brothers' sons:	
Numbers 36:6	This is the thing which the LORD doth command concerning the daughters of Zelophehad, saying, Let them marry to whom they think best; only to the family of the tribe of their father shall they marry.	
Numbers 3:13	Because all the firstborn are mine; for on the day that I smote all the firstborn in the land of Egypt I hallowed unto me all the firstborn in Israel, both man and beast: mine shall they be: I am the LORD.	
Numbers 3:14	And the LORD spake unto Moses in the wilderness of Sinai, saying,	
Numbers 3:17	And these were the sons of Levi by their names; Gershon, and Kohath, and Merari.	
Numbers 3:19	And the sons of Kohath by their families; Amram, and Izehar, Hebron, and Uzziel.	
Numbers 3:3	These are the names of the sons of Aaron, the priests which were anointed, whom he consecrated to minister in the priest's office.	
Numbers 3:33	Of Merari was the family of the Mahlites, and the family of the Mushites: these are the families of Merari.	
Numbers 3:37	And the pillars of the court round about, and their sockets, and their pins, and their cords.	
Numbers 3:38	But those that encamp before the tabernacle toward the east, even before the tabernacle of the congregation eastward, shall be Moses, and Aaron and his sons, keeping the charge of the sanctuary for the charge of the children of Israel; and the stranger that cometh nigh shall be put to death.	
Numbers 3:39	All that were numbered of the Levites, which Moses and Aaron numbered at the commandment of the LORD, throughout their families, all the males from a month old and upward, were twenty and two thousand.	
Numbers 4:1	And the LORD spake unto Moses and unto Aaron, saying,	
Numbers 4:14	And they shall put upon it all the vessels thereof, wherewith they minister about it, even the censers, the fleshhooks, and the shovels, and the basins, all the vessels of the altar; and they shall spread upon it a covering of badgers' skins, and put to the staves of it.	
Numbers 4:15	And when Aaron and his sons have made an end of covering the sanctuary, and all the vessels of the sanctuary, as the camp is to set forward; after that, the sons of Kohath shall come to bear it: but they shall not touch any holy thing, lest they die. These things are the burden of the sons of Kohath in the tabernacle of the congregation.	
Numbers 4:16	And to the office of Eleazar the son of Aaron the priest pertaineth the oil for the light, and the sweet incense, and the daily meat offering, and the anointing oil, and the oversight of all the tabernacle, and of all that therein is, in the sanctuary, and in the vessels thereof.	
Numbers 4:19	But thus do unto them, that they may live, and not die, when they approach unto the most holy things: Aaron and his sons shall go in, and appoint them every one to his service and to his burden:	
Numbers 4:21	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,	
Numbers 4:24	This is the service of the families of the Gershonites, to serve, and for burdens:	
Numbers 4:30	From thirty years old and upward even unto fifty years old shalt thou number them, every one that entereth into the service, to do the work of the tabernacle of the congregation.	
Numbers 4:36	And those that were numbered of them by their families were two thousand seven hundred and fifty.	
Numbers 4:40	Even those that were numbered of them, throughout their families, by the house of their fathers, were two thousand and six hundred and thirty.	
Numbers 4:44	Even those that were numbered of them after their families, were three thousand and two hundred.	
Numbers 4:45	These be those that were numbered of the families of the sons of Merari, whom Moses and Aaron numbered according to the word of the LORD by the hand of Moses.	
Numbers 4:47	From thirty years old and upward even unto fifty years old, every one that came to do the service of the ministry, and the service of the burden in the tabernacle of the congregation.	
Numbers 4:48	Even those that were numbered of them, were eight thousand and five hundred and fourscore,	
Numbers 5:11	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,	
Numbers 5:12	Speak unto the children of Israel, and say unto them, If any man's wife go aside, and commit a trespass against him,	
Numbers 5:23	And the priest shall write these curses in a book, and he shall blot them out with the bitter water:	
Numbers 5:24	And he shall cause the woman to drink the bitter water that causeth the curse: and the water that causeth the curse shall enter into her, and become bitter.	
Numbers 5:26	And the priest shall take an handful of the offering, even the memorial thereof, and burn it upon the altar, and afterward shall cause the woman to drink the water.	
Numbers 5:30	Or when the spirit of jealousy cometh upon him, and he be jealous over his wife, and shall set the woman before the LORD, and the priest shall execute upon her all this law.	
Numbers 6:11	And the priest shall offer the one for a sin offering, and the other for a burnt offering, and make an atonement for him, for that he sinned by the dead, and shall hallow his head that same day.	
Numbers 6:16	And the priest shall bring them before the LORD, and shall offer his sin offering, and his burnt offering:	
Numbers 6:17	And he shall offer the ram for a sacrifice of peace offerings unto the LORD, with the basket of unleavened bread: the priest shall offer also his meat offering, and his drink offering.	
Numbers 6:18	And the Nazarite shall shave the head of his separation at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation, and shall take the hair of the head of his separation, and put it in the fire which is under the sacrifice of the peace offerings.	
Numbers 6:21	This is the law of the Nazarite who hath vowed, and of his offering unto the LORD for his separation, beside that that his hand shall get: according to the vow which he vowed, so he must do after the law of his separation.	
Numbers 6:25	The LORD make his face shine upon thee, and be gracious unto thee:	
Numbers 6:3	He shall separate himself from wine and strong drink, and shall drink no vinegar of wine, or vinegar of strong drink, neither shall he drink any liquor of grapes, nor eat moist grapes, or dried.	
Numbers 6:4	All the days of his separation shall he eat nothing that is made of the vine tree, from the kernels even to the husk.	
Numbers 6:7	He shall not make himself unclean for his father, or for his mother, for his brother, or for his sister, when they die: because the consecration of his God is upon his head.	
Numbers 7:12	And he that offered his offering the first day was Nahshon the son of Amminadab, of the tribe of Judah:	
Numbers 7:24	On the third day Eliab the son of Helon, prince of the children of Zebulun, did offer:	
Numbers 7:27	One young bullock, one ram, one lamb of the first year, for a burnt offering:	
Numbers 7:30	On the fourth day Elizur the son of Shedeur, prince of the children of Reuben, did offer:	
Numbers 7:32	One golden spoon of ten shekels, full of incense:	
Numbers 7:45	One young bullock, one ram, one lamb of the first year, for a burnt offering:	
Numbers 7:50	One golden spoon of ten shekels, full of incense:	
Numbers 7:58	One kid of the goats for a sin offering:	
Numbers 7:60	On the ninth day Abidan the son of Gideoni, prince of the children of Benjamin, offered:	
Numbers 7:63	One young bullock, one ram, one lamb of the first year, for a burnt offering:	
Numbers 7:76	One kid of the goats for a sin offering:	
Numbers 7:78	On the twelfth day Ahira the son of Enan, prince of the children of Naphtali, offered:	
Numbers 7:79	His offering was one silver charger, the weight whereof was an hundred and thirty shekels, one silver bowl of seventy shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary; both of them full of fine flour mingled with oil for a meat offering:	
Numbers 7:81	One young bullock, one ram, one lamb of the first year, for a burnt offering:	
Numbers 7:83	And for a sacrifice of peace offerings, two oxen, five rams, five he goats, five lambs of the first year: this was the offering of Ahira the son of Enan.	
Numbers 7:9	But unto the sons of Kohath he gave none: because the service of the sanctuary belonging unto them was that they should bear upon their shoulders.	
Numbers 8:1	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,	
Numbers 8:10	And thou shalt bring the Levites before the LORD: and the children of Israel shall put their hands upon the Levites:	
Numbers 8:11	And Aaron shall offer the Levites before the LORD for an offering of the children of Israel, that they may execute the service of the LORD.	
Numbers 8:12	And the Levites shall lay their hands upon the heads of the bullocks: and thou shalt offer the one for a sin offering, and the other for a burnt offering, unto the LORD, to make an atonement for the Levites.	
Numbers 8:13	And thou shalt set the Levites before Aaron, and before his sons, and offer them for an offering unto the LORD.	
Numbers 8:14	Thus shalt thou separate the Levites from among the children of Israel: and the Levites shall be mine.	
Numbers 8:15	And after that shall the Levites go in to do the service of the tabernacle of the congregation: and thou shalt cleanse them, and offer them for an offering.	
Numbers 8:16	For they are wholly given unto me from among the children of Israel; instead of such as open every womb, even instead of the firstborn of all the children of Israel, have I taken them unto me.	
Numbers 8:19	And I have given the Levites as a gift to Aaron and to his sons from among the children of Israel, to do the service of the children of Israel in the tabernacle of the congregation, and to make an atonement for the children of Israel: that there be no plague among the children of Israel, when the children of Israel come nigh unto the sanctuary.	
Numbers 8:2	Speak unto Aaron and say unto him, When thou lightest the lamps, the seven lamps shall give light over against the candlestick.	
Numbers 8:20	And Moses, and Aaron, and all the congregation of the children of Israel, did to the Levites according unto all that the LORD commanded Moses concerning the Levites, so did the children of Israel unto them.	
Numbers 8:24	This is it that belongeth unto the Levites: from twenty and five years old and upward they shall go in to wait upon the service of the tabernacle of the congregation:	
Numbers 8:25	And from the age of fifty years they shall cease waiting upon the service thereof, and shall serve no more:	
Numbers 8:3	And Aaron did so; he lighted the lamps thereof over against the candlestick, as the LORD commanded Moses.	
Numbers 8:5	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,	
Numbers 8:9	And thou shalt bring the Levites before the tabernacle of the congregation: and thou shalt gather the whole assembly of the children of Israel together:	
Numbers 9:12	They shall leave none of it unto the morning, nor break any bone of it: according to all the ordinances of the passover they shall keep it.	
Numbers 9:14	And if a stranger shall sojourn among you, and will keep the passover unto the LORD; according to the ordinance of the passover, and according to the manner thereof, so shall he do: ye shall have one ordinance, both for the stranger, and for him that was born in the land.	
Numbers 9:19	And when the cloud tarried long upon the tabernacle many days, then the children of Israel kept the charge of the LORD, and journeyed not.	
Numbers 9:20	And so it was, when the cloud was a few days upon the tabernacle; according to the commandment of the LORD they abode in their tents, and according to the commandment of the LORD they journeyed.	
Obadiah 1:13	Thou shouldest not have entered into the gate of my people in the day of their calamity; yea, thou shouldest not have looked on their affliction in the day of their calamity, nor have laid hands on their substance in the day of their calamity;	
Obadiah 1:19	And they of the south shall possess the mount of Esau; and they of the plain the Philistines: and they shall possess the fields of Ephraim, and the fields of Samaria: and Benjamin shall possess Gilead.	
Obadiah 1:21	And saviours shall come up on mount Zion to judge the mount of Esau; and the kingdom shall be the LORD's.	
Obadiah 1:5	If thieves came to thee, if robbers by night, (how art thou cut off!) would they not have stolen till they had enough? if the grapegatherers came to thee, would they not leave some grapes?	
Philemon 1:13	Whom I would have retained with me, that in thy stead he might have ministered unto me in the bonds of the gospel:	
Philemon 1:2	And to our beloved Apphia, and Archippus our fellowsoldier, and to the church in thy house:	
Philemon 1:23	There salute thee Epaphras, my fellowprisoner in Christ Jesus;	
Philemon 1:25	The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with your spirit. Amen.	
Philippians 1:10	That ye may approve things that are excellent; that ye may be sincere and without offence till the day of Christ.	
Philippians 1:11	Being filled with the fruits of righteousness, which are by Jesus Christ, unto the glory and praise of God.	
Philippians 1:19	For I know that this shall turn to my salvation through your prayer, and the supply of the Spirit of Jesus Christ,	
Philippians 1:20	According to my earnest expectation and my hope, that in nothing I shall be ashamed, but that with all boldness, as always, so now also Christ shall be magnified in my body, whether it be by life, or by death.	
Philippians 1:21	For to me to live is Christ, and to die is gain.	
Philippians 1:25	And having this confidence, I know that I shall abide and continue with you all for your furtherance and joy of faith;	
Philippians 1:28	And in nothing terrified by your adversaries: which is to them an evident token of perdition, but to you of salvation, and that of God.	
Philippians 1:3	I thank my God upon every remembrance of you,	
Philippians 1:30	Having the same conflict which ye saw in me, and now hear to be in me.	
Philippians 2:1	If there be therefore any consolation in Christ, if any comfort of love, if any fellowship of the Spirit, if any bowels and mercies,	
Philippians 2:16	Holding forth the word of life; that I may rejoice in the day of Christ, that I have not run in vain, neither laboured in vain.	
Philippians 2:20	For I have no man likeminded, who will naturally care for your state.	
Philippians 2:24	But I trust in the Lord that I also myself shall come shortly.	
Philippians 2:25	Yet I supposed it necessary to send to you Epaphroditus, my brother, and companion in labour, and fellowsoldier, but your messenger, and he that ministered to my wants.	
Philippians 2:29	Receive him therefore in the Lord with all gladness; and hold such in reputation:	
Philippians 2:30	Because for the work of Christ he was nigh unto death, not regarding his life, to supply your lack of service toward me.	
Philippians 2:8	And being found in fashion as a man, he humbled himself, and became obedient unto death, even the death of the cross.	
Philippians 3:13	Brethren, I count not myself to have apprehended: but this one thing I do, forgetting those things which are behind, and reaching forth unto those things which are before,	
Philippians 3:5	Circumcised the eighth day, of the stock of Israel, of the tribe of Benjamin, an Hebrew of the Hebrews; as touching the law, a Pharisee;	
Philippians 3:8	Yea doubtless, and I count all things but loss for the excellency of the knowledge of Christ Jesus my Lord: for whom I have suffered the loss of all things, and do count them but dung, that I may win Christ,	
Philippians 4:1	Therefore, my brethren dearly beloved and longed for, my joy and crown, so stand fast in the Lord, my dearly beloved.	
Philippians 4:12	I know both how to be abased, and I know how to abound: every where and in all things I am instructed both to be full and to be hungry, both to abound and to suffer need.	
Philippians 4:17	Not because I desire a gift: but I desire fruit that may abound to your account.	
Philippians 4:18	But I have all, and abound: I am full, having received of Epaphroditus the things which were sent from you, an odour of a sweet smell, a sacrifice acceptable, wellpleasing to God.	
Philippians 4:19	But my God shall supply all your need according to his riches in glory by Christ Jesus.	
Philippians 4:22	All the saints salute you, chiefly they that are of Caesar's household.	
Philippians 4:3	And I intreat thee also, true yokefellow, help those women which laboured with me in the gospel, with Clement also, and with other my fellowlabourers, whose names are in the book of life.	
Philippians 4:7	And the peace of God, which passeth all understanding, shall keep your hearts and minds through Christ Jesus.	
Proverbs 10:12	Hatred stirreth up strifes: but love covereth all sins.	
Proverbs 10:15	The rich man's wealth is his strong city: the destruction of the poor is their poverty.	
Proverbs 10:17	He is in the way of life that keepeth instruction: but he that refuseth reproof erreth.	
Proverbs 10:21	The lips of the righteous feed many: but fools die for want of wisdom.	
Proverbs 10:22	The blessing of the LORD, it maketh rich, and he addeth no sorrow with it.	
Proverbs 10:25	As the whirlwind passeth, so is the wicked no more: but the righteous is an everlasting foundation.	
Proverbs 10:26	As vinegar to the teeth, and as smoke to the eyes, so is the sluggard to them that send him.	
Proverbs 10:27	The fear of the LORD prolongeth days: but the years of the wicked shall be shortened.	
Proverbs 10:32	The lips of the righteous know what is acceptable: but the mouth of the wicked speaketh frowardness.	
Proverbs 10:6	Blessings are upon the head of the just: but violence covereth the mouth of the wicked.	
Proverbs 11:11	By the blessing of the upright the city is exalted: but it is overthrown by the mouth of the wicked.	
Proverbs 11:14	Where no counsel is, the people fall: but in the multitude of counsellors there is safety.	
Proverbs 11:29	He that troubleth his own house shall inherit the wind: and the fool shall be servant to the wise of heart.	
Proverbs 11:30	The fruit of the righteous is a tree of life; and he that winneth souls is wise.	
Proverbs 11:5	The righteousness of the perfect shall direct his way: but the wicked shall fall by his own wickedness.	
Proverbs 12:11	He that tilleth his land shall be satisfied with bread: but he that followeth vain persons is void of understanding.	
Proverbs 12:15	The way of a fool is right in his own eyes: but he that hearkeneth unto counsel is wise.	
Proverbs 12:18	There is that speaketh like the piercings of a sword: but the tongue of the wise is health.	
Proverbs 12:2	A good man obtaineth favour of the LORD: but a man of wicked devices will he condemn.	
Proverbs 12:21	There shall no evil happen to the just: but the wicked shall be filled with mischief.	
Proverbs 12:25	Heaviness in the heart of man maketh it stoop: but a good word maketh it glad.	
Proverbs 12:27	The slothful man roasteth not that which he took in hunting: but the substance of a diligent man is precious.	
Proverbs 12:9	He that is despised, and hath a servant, is better than he that honoureth himself, and lacketh bread.	
Proverbs 13:13	Whoso despiseth the word shall be destroyed: but he that feareth the commandment shall be rewarded.	
Proverbs 13:18	Poverty and shame shall be to him that refuseth instruction: but he that regardeth reproof shall be honoured.	
Proverbs 13:20	He that walketh with wise men shall be wise: but a companion of fools shall be destroyed.	
Proverbs 13:23	Much food is in the tillage of the poor: but there is that is destroyed for want of judgment.	
Proverbs 13:25	The righteous eateth to the satisfying of his soul: but the belly of the wicked shall want.	
Proverbs 13:3	He that keepeth his mouth keepeth his life: but he that openeth wide his lips shall have destruction.	
Proverbs 13:7	There is that maketh himself rich, yet hath nothing: there is that maketh himself poor, yet hath great riches.	
Proverbs 13:8	The ransom of a man's life are his riches: but the poor heareth not rebuke.	
Proverbs 14:12	There is a way which seemeth right unto a man, but the end thereof are the ways of death.	
Proverbs 14:14	The backslider in heart shall be filled with his own ways: and a good man shall be satisfied from himself.	
Proverbs 14:20	The poor is hated even of his own neighbour: but the rich hath many friends.	
Proverbs 14:23	In all labour there is profit: but the talk of the lips tendeth only to penury.	
Proverbs 14:29	He that is slow to wrath is of great understanding: but he that is hasty of spirit exalteth folly.	
Proverbs 14:35	The king's favour is toward a wise servant: but his wrath is against him that causeth shame.	
Proverbs 14:4	Where no oxen are, the crib is clean: but much increase is by the strength of the ox.	
Proverbs 14:5	A faithful witness will not lie: but a false witness will utter lies.	
Proverbs 14:8	The wisdom of the prudent is to understand his way: but the folly of fools is deceit.	
Proverbs 15:27	He that is greedy of gain troubleth his own house; but he that hateth gifts shall live.	
Proverbs 15:5	A fool despiseth his father's instruction: but he that regardeth reproof is prudent.	
Proverbs 15:8	The sacrifice of the wicked is an abomination to the LORD: but the prayer of the upright is his delight.	
Proverbs 16:16	How much better is it to get wisdom than gold! and to get understanding rather to be chosen than silver!	
Proverbs 16:25	There is a way that seemeth right unto a man, but the end thereof are the ways of death.	
Proverbs 16:3	Commit thy works unto the LORD, and thy thoughts shall be established.	
Proverbs 16:7	When a man's ways please the LORD, he maketh even his enemies to be at peace with him.	
Proverbs 17:11	An evil man seeketh only rebellion: therefore a cruel messenger shall be sent against him.	
Proverbs 17:12	Let a bear robbed of her whelps meet a man, rather than a fool in his folly.	
Proverbs 17:13	Whoso rewardeth evil for good, evil shall not depart from his house.	
Proverbs 17:14	The beginning of strife is as when one letteth out water: therefore leave off contention, before it be meddled with.	
Proverbs 17:15	He that justifieth the wicked, and he that condemneth the just, even they both are abomination to the LORD.	
Proverbs 17:22	A merry heart doeth good like a medicine: but a broken spirit drieth the bones.	
Proverbs 17:4	A wicked doer giveth heed to false lips; and a liar giveth ear to a naughty tongue.	
Proverbs 18:11	The rich man's wealth is his strong city, and as an high wall in his own conceit.	
Proverbs 18:14	The spirit of a man will sustain his infirmity; but a wounded spirit who can bear?	
Proverbs 18:17	He that is first in his own cause seemeth just; but his neighbour cometh and searcheth him.	
Proverbs 18:18	The lot causeth contentions to cease, and parteth between the mighty.	
Proverbs 18:3	When the wicked cometh, then cometh also contempt, and with ignominy reproach.	
Proverbs 18:7	A fool's mouth is his destruction, and his lips are the snare of his soul.	
Proverbs 19:10	Delight is not seemly for a fool; much less for a servant to have rule over princes.	
Proverbs 19:16	He that keepeth the commandment keepeth his own soul; but he that despiseth his ways shall die.	
Proverbs 19:19	A man of great wrath shall suffer punishment: for if thou deliver him, yet thou must do it again.	
Proverbs 19:26	He that wasteth his father, and chaseth away his mother, is a son that causeth shame, and bringeth reproach.	
Proverbs 19:29	Judgments are prepared for scorners, and stripes for the back of fools.	
Proverbs 19:8	He that getteth wisdom loveth his own soul: he that keepeth understanding shall find good.	
Proverbs 19:9	A false witness shall not be unpunished, and he that speaketh lies shall perish.	
Proverbs 1:21	She crieth in the chief place of concourse, in the openings of the gates: in the city she uttereth her words, saying,	
Proverbs 1:23	Turn you at my reproof: behold, I will pour out my spirit unto you, I will make known my words unto you.	
Proverbs 1:25	But ye have set at nought all my counsel, and would none of my reproof:	
Proverbs 1:27	When your fear cometh as desolation, and your destruction cometh as a whirlwind; when distress and anguish cometh upon you.	
Proverbs 1:5	A wise man will hear, and will increase learning; and a man of understanding shall attain unto wise counsels:	
Proverbs 1:8	My son, hear the instruction of thy father, and forsake not the law of thy mother:	
Proverbs 20:1	Wine is a mocker, strong drink is raging: and whosoever is deceived thereby is not wise.	
Proverbs 20:15	There is gold, and a multitude of rubies: but the lips of knowledge are a precious jewel.	
Proverbs 20:17	Bread of deceit is sweet to a man; but afterwards his mouth shall be filled with gravel.	
Proverbs 20:19	He that goeth about as a talebearer revealeth secrets: therefore meddle not with him that flattereth with his lips.	
Proverbs 20:21	An inheritance may be gotten hastily at the beginning; but the end thereof shall not be blessed.	
Proverbs 20:22	Say not thou, I will recompense evil; but wait on the LORD, and he shall save thee.	
Proverbs 20:23	Divers weights are an abomination unto the LORD; and a false balance is not good.	
Proverbs 20:26	A wise king scattereth the wicked, and bringeth the wheel over them.	
Proverbs 20:28	Mercy and truth preserve the king: and his throne is upholden by mercy.	
Proverbs 20:29	The glory of young men is their strength: and the beauty of old men is the grey head.	
Proverbs 20:8	A king that sitteth in the throne of judgment scattereth away all evil with his eyes.	
Proverbs 20:9	Who can say, I have made my heart clean, I am pure from my sin?	
Proverbs 21:10	The soul of the wicked desireth evil: his neighbour findeth no favour in his eyes.	
Proverbs 21:19	It is better to dwell in the wilderness, than with a contentious and an angry woman.	
Proverbs 21:24	Proud and haughty scorner is his name, who dealeth in proud wrath.	
Proverbs 21:25	The desire of the slothful killeth him; for his hands refuse to labour.	
Proverbs 21:26	He coveteth greedily all the day long: but the righteous giveth and spareth not.	
Proverbs 21:31	The horse is prepared against the day of battle: but safety is of the LORD.	
Proverbs 21:6	The getting of treasures by a lying tongue is a vanity tossed to and fro of them that seek death.	
Proverbs 22:16	He that oppresseth the poor to increase his riches, and he that giveth to the rich, shall surely come to want.	
Proverbs 22:22	Rob not the poor, because he is poor: neither oppress the afflicted in the gate:	
Proverbs 22:25	Lest thou learn his ways, and get a snare to thy soul.	
Proverbs 22:28	Remove not the ancient landmark, which thy fathers have set.	
Proverbs 22:29	Seest thou a man diligent in his business? he shall stand before kings; he shall not stand before mean men.	
Proverbs 22:6	Train up a child in the way he should go: and when he is old, he will not depart from it.	
Proverbs 23:1	When thou sittest to eat with a ruler, consider diligently what is before thee:	
Proverbs 23:21	For the drunkard and the glutton shall come to poverty: and drowsiness shall clothe a man with rags.	
Proverbs 23:31	Look not thou upon the wine when it is red, when it giveth his colour in the cup, when it moveth itself aright.	
Proverbs 23:4	Labour not to be rich: cease from thine own wisdom.	
Proverbs 24:14	So shall the knowledge of wisdom be unto thy soul: when thou hast found it, then there shall be a reward, and thy expectation shall not be cut off.	
Proverbs 24:16	For a just man falleth seven times, and riseth up again: but the wicked shall fall into mischief.	
Proverbs 24:17	Rejoice not when thine enemy falleth, and let not thine heart be glad when he stumbleth:	
Proverbs 24:2	For their heart studieth destruction, and their lips talk of mischief.	
Proverbs 24:28	Be not a witness against thy neighbour without cause; and deceive not with thy lips.	
Proverbs 24:33	Yet a little sleep, a little slumber, a little folding of the hands to sleep:	
Proverbs 24:6	For by wise counsel thou shalt make thy war: and in multitude of counsellors there is safety.	
Proverbs 24:7	Wisdom is too high for a fool: he openeth not his mouth in the gate.	
Proverbs 24:8	He that deviseth to do evil shall be called a mischievous person.	
Proverbs 25:1	These are also proverbs of Solomon, which the men of Hezekiah king of Judah copied out.	
Proverbs 25:17	Withdraw thy foot from thy neighbour's house; lest he be weary of thee, and so hate thee.	
Proverbs 25:2	It is the glory of God to conceal a thing: but the honour of kings is to search out a matter.	
Proverbs 25:23	The north wind driveth away rain: so doth an angry countenance a backbiting tongue.	
Proverbs 25:24	It is better to dwell in the corner of the housetop, than with a brawling woman and in a wide house.	
Proverbs 26:11	As a dog returneth to his vomit, so a fool returneth to his folly.	
Proverbs 26:13	The slothful man saith, There is a lion in the way; a lion is in the streets.	
Proverbs 26:16	The sluggard is wiser in his own conceit than seven men that can render a reason.	
Proverbs 26:25	When he speaketh fair, believe him not: for there are seven abominations in his heart.	
Proverbs 26:27	Whoso diggeth a pit shall fall therein: and he that rolleth a stone, it will return upon him.	
Proverbs 26:8	As he that bindeth a stone in a sling, so is he that giveth honour to a fool.	
Proverbs 27:10	Thine own friend, and thy father's friend, forsake not; neither go into thy brother's house in the day of thy calamity: for better is a neighbour that is near than a brother far off.	
Proverbs 27:21	As the fining pot for silver, and the furnace for gold; so is a man to his praise.	
Proverbs 27:23	Be thou diligent to know the state of thy flocks, and look well to thy herds.	
Proverbs 27:26	The lambs are for thy clothing, and the goats are the price of the field.	
Proverbs 27:27	And thou shalt have goats' milk enough for thy food, for the food of thy household, and for the maintenance for thy maidens.|	
Proverbs 27:5	Open rebuke is better than secret love.	
Proverbs 28:14	Happy is the man that feareth alway: but he that hardeneth his heart shall fall into mischief.	
Proverbs 28:25	He that is of a proud heart stirreth up strife: but he that putteth his trust in the LORD shall be made fat.	
Proverbs 28:26	He that trusteth in his own heart is a fool: but whoso walketh wisely, he shall be delivered.	
Proverbs 28:7	Whoso keepeth the law is a wise son: but he that is a companion of riotous men shameth his father.	
Proverbs 29:14	The king that faithfully judgeth the poor, his throne shall be established for ever.	
Proverbs 29:16	When the wicked are multiplied, transgression increaseth: but the righteous shall see their fall.	
Proverbs 29:19	A servant will not be corrected by words: for though he understand he will not answer.	
Proverbs 29:26	Many seek the ruler's favour; but every man's judgment cometh from the LORD.	
Proverbs 29:27	An unjust man is an abomination to the just: and he that is upright in the way is abomination to the wicked.	
Proverbs 29:6	In the transgression of an evil man there is a snare: but the righteous doth sing and rejoice.	
Proverbs 29:8	Scornful men bring a city into a snare: but wise men turn away wrath.	
Proverbs 2:12	To deliver thee from the way of the evil man, from the man that speaketh froward things;	
Proverbs 2:3	Yea, if thou criest after knowledge, and liftest up thy voice for understanding;	
Proverbs 2:4	If thou seekest her as silver, and searchest for her as for hid treasures;	
Proverbs 2:7	He layeth up sound wisdom for the righteous: he is a buckler to them that walk uprightly.	
Proverbs 2:8	He keepeth the paths of judgment, and preserveth the way of his saints.	
Proverbs 30:13	There is a generation, O how lofty are their eyes! and their eyelids are lifted up.	
Proverbs 30:21	For three things the earth is disquieted, and for four which it cannot bear:	
Proverbs 30:22	For a servant when he reigneth; and a fool when he is filled with meat;	
Proverbs 30:23	For an odious woman when she is married; and an handmaid that is heir to her mistress.	
Proverbs 30:25	The ants are a people not strong, yet they prepare their meat in the summer;	
Proverbs 30:27	The locusts have no king, yet go they forth all of them by bands;	
Proverbs 30:33	Surely the churning of milk bringeth forth butter, and the wringing of the nose bringeth forth blood: so the forcing of wrath bringeth forth strife.	
Proverbs 31:13	She seeketh wool, and flax, and worketh willingly with her hands.	
Proverbs 31:16	She considereth a field, and buyeth it: with the fruit of her hands she planteth a vineyard.	
Proverbs 31:18	She perceiveth that her merchandise is good: her candle goeth not out by night.	
Proverbs 31:3	Give not thy strength unto women, nor thy ways to that which destroyeth kings.	
Proverbs 31:5	Lest they drink, and forget the law, and pervert the judgment of any of the afflicted.	
Proverbs 31:8	Open thy mouth for the dumb in the cause of all such as are appointed to destruction.	
Proverbs 3:11	My son, despise not the chastening of the LORD; neither be weary of his correction:	
Proverbs 3:15	She is more precious than rubies: and all the things thou canst desire are not to be compared unto her.	
Proverbs 3:16	Length of days is in her right hand; and in her left hand riches and honour.	
Proverbs 3:17	Her ways are ways of pleasantness, and all her paths are peace.	
Proverbs 3:26	For the LORD shall be thy confidence, and shall keep thy foot from being taken.	
Proverbs 3:28	Say not unto thy neighbour, Go, and come again, and to morrow I will give; when thou hast it by thee.	
Proverbs 3:30	Strive not with a man without cause, if he have done thee no harm.	
Proverbs 3:31	Envy thou not the oppressor, and choose none of his ways.|	
Proverbs 3:8	It shall be health to thy navel, and marrow to thy bones.	
Proverbs 3:9	Honour the LORD with thy substance, and with the firstfruits of all thine increase:	
Proverbs 4:14	Enter not into the path of the wicked, and go not in the way of evil men.	
Proverbs 4:19	The way of the wicked is as darkness: they know not at what they stumble.	
Proverbs 4:2	For I give you good doctrine, forsake ye not my law.	
Proverbs 4:20	My son, attend to my words; incline thine ear unto my sayings.	
Proverbs 4:21	Let them not depart from thine eyes; keep them in the midst of thine heart.	
Proverbs 4:25	Let thine eyes look right on, and let thine eyelids look straight before thee.	
Proverbs 4:27	Turn not to the right hand nor to the left: remove thy foot from evil.	
Proverbs 4:9	She shall give to thine head an ornament of grace: a crown of glory shall she deliver to thee.	
Proverbs 5:1	My son, attend unto my wisdom, and bow thine ear to my understanding:	
Proverbs 5:12	And say, How have I hated instruction, and my heart despised reproof;	
Proverbs 5:17	Let them be only thine own, and not strangers' with thee.	
Proverbs 5:19	Let her be as the loving hind and pleasant roe; let her breasts satisfy thee at all times; and be thou ravished always with her love.	
Proverbs 5:21	For the ways of man are before the eyes of the LORD, and he pondereth all his goings.	
Proverbs 5:3	For the lips of a strange woman drop as an honeycomb, and her mouth is smoother than oil:	
Proverbs 6:18	An heart that deviseth wicked imaginations, feet that be swift in running to mischief,	
Proverbs 6:24	To keep thee from the evil woman, from the flattery of the tongue of a strange woman.	
Proverbs 6:25	Lust not after her beauty in thine heart; neither let her take thee with her eyelids.	
Proverbs 6:26	For by means of a whorish woman a man is brought to a piece of bread: and the adultress will hunt for the precious life.	
Proverbs 6:28	Can one go upon hot coals, and his feet not be burned?	
Proverbs 6:31	But if he be found, he shall restore sevenfold; he shall give all the substance of his house.	
Proverbs 6:4	Give not sleep to thine eyes, nor slumber to thine eyelids.	
Proverbs 6:6	Go to the ant, thou sluggard; consider her ways, and be wise:	
Proverbs 6:8	Provideth her meat in the summer, and gathereth her food in the harvest.	
Proverbs 6:9	How long wilt thou sleep, O sluggard? when wilt thou arise out of thy sleep?	
Proverbs 7:10	And, behold, there met him a woman with the attire of an harlot, and subtil of heart.	
Proverbs 7:15	Therefore came I forth to meet thee, diligently to seek thy face, and I have found thee.	
Proverbs 7:21	With her much fair speech she caused him to yield, with the flattering of her lips she forced him.	
Proverbs 7:24	Hearken unto me now therefore, O ye children, and attend to the words of my mouth.	
Proverbs 7:26	For she hath cast down many wounded: yea, many strong men have been slain by her.	
Proverbs 7:3	Bind them upon thy fingers, write them upon the table of thine heart.	
Proverbs 7:5	That they may keep thee from the strange woman, from the stranger which flattereth with her words.	
Proverbs 8:13	The fear of the LORD is to hate evil: pride, and arrogancy, and the evil way, and the froward mouth, do I hate.	
Proverbs 8:23	I was set up from everlasting, from the beginning, or ever the earth was.	
Proverbs 8:27	When he prepared the heavens, I was there: when he set a compass upon the face of the depth:	
Proverbs 8:28	When he established the clouds above: when he strengthened the fountains of the deep:	
Proverbs 8:33	Hear instruction, and be wise, and refuse it not.	
Proverbs 8:34	Blessed is the man that heareth me, watching daily at my gates, waiting at the posts of my doors.	
Proverbs 8:6	Hear; for I will speak of excellent things; and the opening of my lips shall be right things.	
Proverbs 8:9	They are all plain to him that understandeth, and right to them that find knowledge.	
Proverbs 9:3	She hath sent forth her maidens: she crieth upon the highest places of the city,	
Proverbs 9:5	Come, eat of my bread, and drink of the wine which I have mingled.	
Proverbs 9:9	Give instruction to a wise man, and he will be yet wiser: teach a just man, and he will increase in learning.	
Psalms 100:2	Serve the LORD with gladness: come before his presence with singing.	
Psalms 100:3	Know ye that the LORD he is God: it is he that hath made us, and not we ourselves; we are his people, and the sheep of his pasture.	
Psalms 100:4	Enter into his gates with thanksgiving, and into his courts with praise: be thankful unto him, and bless his name.	
Psalms 100:5	For the LORD is good; his mercy is everlasting; and his truth endureth to all generations.	
Psalms 101:2	I will behave myself wisely in a perfect way. O when wilt thou come unto me? I will walk within my house with a perfect heart.	
Psalms 101:5	Whoso privily slandereth his neighbour, him will I cut off: him that hath an high look and a proud heart will not I suffer.	
Psalms 102:14	For thy servants take pleasure in her stones, and favour the dust thereof.	
Psalms 102:17	He will regard the prayer of the destitute, and not despise their prayer.	
Psalms 102:19	For he hath looked down from the height of his sanctuary; from heaven did the LORD behold the earth;	
Psalms 102:2	Hide not thy face from me in the day when I am in trouble; incline thine ear unto me: in the day when I call answer me speedily.	
Psalms 102:20	To hear the groaning of the prisoner; to loose those that are appointed to death;	
Psalms 102:23	He weakened my strength in the way; he shortened my days.	
Psalms 102:25	Of old hast thou laid the foundation of the earth: and the heavens are the work of thy hands.	
Psalms 102:26	They shall perish, but thou shalt endure: yea, all of them shall wax old like a garment; as a vesture shalt thou change them, and they shall be changed:	
Psalms 102:4	My heart is smitten, and withered like grass; so that I forget to eat my bread.	
Psalms 102:6	I am like a pelican of the wilderness: I am like an owl of the desert.	
Psalms 102:8	Mine enemies reproach me all the day; and they that are mad against me are sworn against me.	
Psalms 103:11	For as the heaven is high above the earth, so great is his mercy toward them that fear him.	
Psalms 103:15	As for man, his days are as grass: as a flower of the field, so he flourisheth.	
Psalms 103:16	For the wind passeth over it, and it is gone; and the place thereof shall know it no more.	
Psalms 103:17	But the mercy of the LORD is from everlasting to everlasting upon them that fear him, and his righteousness unto children's children;	
Psalms 103:19	The LORD hath prepared his throne in the heavens; and his kingdom ruleth over all.	
Psalms 103:3	Who forgiveth all thine iniquities; who healeth all thy diseases;	
Psalms 104:12	By them shall the fowls of the heaven have their habitation, which sing among the branches.	
Psalms 104:13	He watereth the hills from his chambers: the earth is satisfied with the fruit of thy works.	
Psalms 104:15	And wine that maketh glad the heart of man, and oil to make his face to shine, and bread which strengtheneth man's heart.	
Psalms 104:18	The high hills are a refuge for the wild goats; and the rocks for the conies.	
Psalms 104:19	He appointed the moon for seasons: the sun knoweth his going down.	
Psalms 104:2	Who coverest thyself with light as with a garment: who stretchest out the heavens like a curtain:	
Psalms 104:25	So is this great and wide sea, wherein are things creeping innumerable, both small and great beasts.	
Psalms 104:26	There go the ships: there is that leviathan, whom thou hast made to play therein.	
Psalms 104:27	These wait all upon thee; that thou mayest give them their meat in due season.	
Psalms 104:3	Who layeth the beams of his chambers in the waters: who maketh the clouds his chariot: who walketh upon the wings of the wind:	
Psalms 104:31	The glory of the LORD shall endure for ever: the LORD shall rejoice in his works.	
Psalms 104:32	He looketh on the earth, and it trembleth: he toucheth the hills, and they smoke.	
Psalms 104:35	Let the sinners be consumed out of the earth, and let the wicked be no more. Bless thou the LORD, O my soul. Praise ye the LORD.	
Psalms 104:8	They go up by the mountains; they go down by the valleys unto the place which thou hast founded for them.	
Psalms 104:9	Thou hast set a bound that they may not pass over; that they turn not again to cover the earth.	
Psalms 105:1	O give thanks unto the LORD; call upon his name: make known his deeds among the people.	
Psalms 105:11	Saying, Unto thee will I give the land of Canaan, the lot of your inheritance:	
Psalms 105:12	When they were but a few men in number; yea, very few, and strangers in it.	
Psalms 105:13	When they went from one nation to another, from one kingdom to another people;	
Psalms 105:14	He suffered no man to do them wrong: yea, he reproved kings for their sakes;	
Psalms 105:15	Saying, Touch not mine anointed, and do my prophets no harm.	
Psalms 105:20	The king sent and loosed him; even the ruler of the people, and let him go free.	
Psalms 105:28	He sent darkness, and made it dark; and they rebelled not against his word.	
Psalms 105:37	He brought them forth also with silver and gold: and there was not one feeble person among their tribes.	
Psalms 105:38	Egypt was glad when they departed: for the fear of them fell upon them.	
Psalms 105:40	The people asked, and he brought quails, and satisfied them with the bread of heaven.	
Psalms 106:24	Yea, they despised the pleasant land, they believed not his word:	
Psalms 106:26	Therefore he lifted up his hand against them, to overthrow them in the wilderness:	
Psalms 106:27	To overthrow their seed also among the nations, and to scatter them in the lands.	
Psalms 106:3	Blessed are they that keep judgment, and he that doeth righteousness at all times.	
Psalms 106:30	Then stood up Phinehas, and executed judgment: and so the plague was stayed.	
Psalms 106:33	Because they provoked his spirit, so that he spake unadvisedly with his lips.	
Psalms 106:34	They did not destroy the nations, concerning whom the LORD commanded them:	
Psalms 106:4	Remember me, O LORD, with the favour that thou bearest unto thy people: O visit me with thy salvation;	
Psalms 106:44	Nevertheless he regarded their affliction, when he heard their cry:	
Psalms 106:46	He made them also to be pitied of all those that carried them captives.	
Psalms 107:1	O give thanks unto the LORD, for he is good: for his mercy endureth for ever.	
Psalms 107:11	Because they rebelled against the words of God, and contemned the counsel of the most High:	
Psalms 107:12	Therefore he brought down their heart with labour; they fell down, and there was none to help.	
Psalms 107:17	Fools because of their transgression, and because of their iniquities, are afflicted.	
Psalms 107:2	Let the redeemed of the LORD say so, whom he hath redeemed from the hand of the enemy;	
Psalms 107:23	They that go down to the sea in ships, that do business in great waters;	
Psalms 107:27	They reel to and fro, and stagger like a drunken man, and are at their wit's end.	
Psalms 107:32	Let them exalt him also in the congregation of the people, and praise him in the assembly of the elders.	
Psalms 107:34	A fruitful land into barrenness, for the wickedness of them that dwell therein.	
Psalms 107:35	He turneth the wilderness into a standing water, and dry ground into watersprings.	
Psalms 107:38	He blesseth them also, so that they are multiplied greatly; and suffereth not their cattle to decrease.	
Psalms 107:41	Yet setteth he the poor on high from affliction, and maketh him families like a flock.	
Psalms 107:6	Then they cried unto the LORD in their trouble, and he delivered them out of their distresses.	
Psalms 108:3	I will praise thee, O LORD, among the people: and I will sing praises unto thee among the nations.	
Psalms 108:5	Be thou exalted, O God, above the heavens: and thy glory above all the earth;	
Psalms 108:9	Moab is my washpot; over Edom will I cast out my shoe; over Philistia will I triumph.	
Psalms 109:10	Let his children be continually vagabonds, and beg: let them seek their bread also out of their desolate places.	
Psalms 109:14	Let the iniquity of his fathers be remembered with the LORD; and let not the sin of his mother be blotted out.	
Psalms 109:18	As he clothed himself with cursing like as with his garment, so let it come into his bowels like water, and like oil into his bones.	
Psalms 109:19	Let it be unto him as the garment which covereth him, and for a girdle wherewith he is girded continually.	
Psalms 109:20	Let this be the reward of mine adversaries from the LORD, and of them that speak evil against my soul.	
Psalms 109:30	I will greatly praise the LORD with my mouth; yea, I will praise him among the multitude.	
Psalms 109:4	For my love they are my adversaries: but I give myself unto prayer.	
Psalms 109:5	And they have rewarded me evil for good, and hatred for my love.	
Psalms 10:1	Why standest thou afar off, O LORD? why hidest thou thyself in times of trouble?	
Psalms 10:3	For the wicked boasteth of his heart's desire, and blesseth the covetous, whom the LORD abhorreth.	
Psalms 10:7	His mouth is full of cursing and deceit and fraud: under his tongue is mischief and vanity.	
Psalms 110:1	The LORD said unto my Lord, Sit thou at my right hand, until I make thine enemies thy footstool.	
Psalms 110:2	The LORD shall send the rod of thy strength out of Zion: rule thou in the midst of thine enemies.	
Psalms 110:5	The Lord at thy right hand shall strike through kings in the day of his wrath.	
Psalms 110:6	He shall judge among the heathen, he shall fill the places with the dead bodies; he shall wound the heads over many countries.	
Psalms 111:1	Praise ye the LORD. I will praise the LORD with my whole heart, in the assembly of the upright, and in the congregation.	
Psalms 111:6	He hath shewed his people the power of his works, that he may give them the heritage of the heathen.	
Psalms 112:10	The wicked shall see it, and be grieved; he shall gnash with his teeth, and melt away: the desire of the wicked shall perish.	
Psalms 112:9	He hath dispersed, he hath given to the poor; his righteousness endureth for ever; his horn shall be exalted with honour.	
Psalms 113:6	Who humbleth himself to behold the things that are in heaven, and in the earth!	
Psalms 113:9	He maketh the barren woman to keep house, and to be a joyful mother of children. Praise ye the LORD.	
Psalms 114:6	Ye mountains, that ye skipped like rams; and ye little hills, like lambs?	
Psalms 115:10	O house of Aaron, trust in the LORD: he is their help and their shield.	
Psalms 115:12	The LORD hath been mindful of us: he will bless us; he will bless the house of Israel; he will bless the house of Aaron.	
Psalms 115:13	He will bless them that fear the LORD, both small and great.	
Psalms 115:15	Ye are blessed of the LORD which made heaven and earth.	
Psalms 115:16	The heaven, even the heavens, are the LORD's: but the earth hath he given to the children of men.	
Psalms 115:17	The dead praise not the LORD, neither any that go down into silence.	
Psalms 115:8	They that make them are like unto them; so is every one that trusteth in them.	
Psalms 116:11	I said in my haste, All men are liars.	
Psalms 116:12	What shall I render unto the LORD for all his benefits toward me?	
Psalms 116:17	I will offer to thee the sacrifice of thanksgiving, and will call upon the name of the LORD.	
Psalms 116:19	In the courts of the LORD's house, in the midst of thee, O Jerusalem. Praise ye the LORD.	
Psalms 116:2	Because he hath inclined his ear unto me, therefore will I call upon him as long as I live.	
Psalms 116:3	The sorrows of death compassed me, and the pains of hell gat hold upon me: I found trouble and sorrow.	
Psalms 116:5	Gracious is the LORD, and righteous; yea, our God is merciful.	
Psalms 116:6	The LORD preserveth the simple: I was brought low, and he helped me.	
Psalms 116:7	Return unto thy rest, O my soul; for the LORD hath dealt bountifully with thee.	
Psalms 116:9	I will walk before the LORD in the land of the living.	
Psalms 118:1	O give thanks unto the LORD; for he is good: because his mercy endureth for ever.	
Psalms 118:10	All nations compassed me about: but in the name of the LORD will I destroy them.	
Psalms 118:16	The right hand of the LORD is exalted: the right hand of the LORD doeth valiantly.	
Psalms 118:17	I shall not die, but live, and declare the works of the LORD.	
Psalms 118:22	The stone which the builders refused is become the head stone of the corner.	
Psalms 118:24	This is the day which the LORD hath made; we will rejoice and be glad in it.	
Psalms 118:27	God is the LORD, which hath shewed us light: bind the sacrifice with cords, even unto the horns of the altar.	
Psalms 118:7	The LORD taketh my part with them that help me: therefore shall I see my desire upon them that hate me.	
Psalms 119:105	Thy word is a lamp unto my feet, and a light unto my path.	
Psalms 119:107	I am afflicted very much: quicken me, O LORD, according unto thy word.	
Psalms 119:115	Depart from me, ye evildoers: for I will keep the commandments of my God.	
Psalms 119:118	Thou hast trodden down all them that err from thy statutes: for their deceit is falsehood.	
Psalms 119:119	Thou puttest away all the wicked of the earth like dross: therefore I love thy testimonies.	
Psalms 119:12	Blessed art thou, O LORD: teach me thy statutes.	
Psalms 119:121	I have done judgment and justice: leave me not to mine oppressors.	
Psalms 119:13	With my lips have I declared all the judgments of thy mouth.	
Psalms 119:130	The entrance of thy words giveth light; it giveth understanding unto the simple.	
Psalms 119:136	Rivers of waters run down mine eyes, because they keep not thy law.	
Psalms 119:139	My zeal hath consumed me, because mine enemies have forgotten thy words.	
Psalms 119:14	I have rejoiced in the way of thy testimonies, as much as in all riches.	
Psalms 119:141	I am small and despised: yet do not I forget thy precepts.	
Psalms 119:149	Hear my voice according unto thy lovingkindness: O LORD, quicken me according to thy judgment.	
Psalms 119:155	Salvation is far from the wicked: for they seek not thy statutes.	
Psalms 119:156	Great are thy tender mercies, O LORD: quicken me according to thy judgments.	
Psalms 119:165	Great peace have they which love thy law: and nothing shall offend them.	
Psalms 119:167	My soul hath kept thy testimonies; and I love them exceedingly.	
Psalms 119:175	Let my soul live, and it shall praise thee; and let thy judgments help me.	
Psalms 119:176	I have gone astray like a lost sheep; seek thy servant; for I do not forget thy commandments.	
Psalms 119:18	Open thou mine eyes, that I may behold wondrous things out of thy law.	
Psalms 119:21	Thou hast rebuked the proud that are cursed, which do err from thy commandments.	
Psalms 119:22	Remove from me reproach and contempt; for I have kept thy testimonies.	
Psalms 119:24	Thy testimonies also are my delight and my counsellors.	
Psalms 119:29	Remove from me the way of lying: and grant me thy law graciously.	
Psalms 119:32	I will run the way of thy commandments, when thou shalt enlarge my heart.	
Psalms 119:42	So shall I have wherewith to answer him that reproacheth me: for I trust in thy word.	
Psalms 119:5	O that my ways were directed to keep thy statutes!	
Psalms 119:50	This is my comfort in my affliction: for thy word hath quickened me.	
Psalms 119:51	The proud have had me greatly in derision: yet have I not declined from thy law.	
Psalms 119:56	This I had, because I kept thy precepts.	
Psalms 119:58	I intreated thy favour with my whole heart: be merciful unto me according to thy word.	
Psalms 119:68	Thou art good, and doest good; teach me thy statutes.	
Psalms 119:71	It is good for me that I have been afflicted; that I might learn thy statutes.	
Psalms 119:78	Let the proud be ashamed; for they dealt perversely with me without a cause: but I will meditate in thy precepts.	
Psalms 119:79	Let those that fear thee turn unto me, and those that have known thy testimonies.	
Psalms 119:82	Mine eyes fail for thy word, saying, When wilt thou comfort me?	
Psalms 119:84	How many are the days of thy servant? when wilt thou execute judgment on them that persecute me?	
Psalms 119:96	I have seen an end of all perfection: but thy commandment is exceeding broad.	
Psalms 119:97	O how I love thy law! it is my meditation all the day.	
Psalms 119:98	Thou through thy commandments hast made me wiser than mine enemies: for they are ever with me.	
Psalms 11:3	If the foundations be destroyed, what can the righteous do?	
Psalms 11:6	Upon the wicked he shall rain snares, fire and brimstone, and an horrible tempest: this shall be the portion of their cup.	
Psalms 11:7	For the righteous LORD loveth righteousness; his countenance doth behold the upright.	
Psalms 120:6	My soul hath long dwelt with him that hateth peace.	
Psalms 121:8	The LORD shall preserve thy going out and thy coming in from this time forth, and even for evermore.	
Psalms 122:4	Whither the tribes go up, the tribes of the LORD, unto the testimony of Israel, to give thanks unto the name of the LORD.	
Psalms 122:5	For there are set thrones of judgment, the thrones of the house of David.	
Psalms 122:8	For my brethren and companions' sakes, I will now say, Peace be within thee.	
Psalms 123:4	Our soul is exceedingly filled with the scorning of those that are at ease, and with the contempt of the proud.	
Psalms 124:1	If it had not been the LORD who was on our side, now may Israel say;	
Psalms 124:4	Then the waters had overwhelmed us, the stream had gone over our soul:	
Psalms 124:7	Our soul is escaped as a bird out of the snare of the fowlers: the snare is broken, and we are escaped.	
Psalms 125:4	Do good, O LORD, unto those that be good, and to them that are upright in their hearts.	
Psalms 126:2	Then was our mouth filled with laughter, and our tongue with singing: then said they among the heathen, The LORD hath done great things for them.	
Psalms 127:3	Lo, children are an heritage of the LORD: and the fruit of the womb is his reward.	
Psalms 127:5	Happy is the man that hath his quiver full of them: they shall not be ashamed, but they shall speak with the enemies in the gate.	
Psalms 128:1	Blessed is every one that feareth the LORD; that walketh in his ways.	
Psalms 128:3	Thy wife shall be as a fruitful vine by the sides of thine house: thy children like olive plants round about thy table.	
Psalms 128:4	Behold, that thus shall the man be blessed that feareth the LORD.	
Psalms 129:2	Many a time have they afflicted me from my youth: yet they have not prevailed against me.	
Psalms 129:6	Let them be as the grass upon the housetops, which withereth afore it groweth up:	
Psalms 129:7	Wherewith the mower filleth not his hand; nor he that bindeth sheaves his bosom.	
Psalms 12:2	They speak vanity every one with his neighbour: with flattering lips and with a double heart do they speak.	
Psalms 12:6	The words of the LORD are pure words: as silver tried in a furnace of earth, purified seven times.	
Psalms 130:3	If thou, LORD, shouldest mark iniquities, O Lord, who shall stand?	
Psalms 130:6	My soul waiteth for the Lord more than they that watch for the morning: I say, more than they that watch for the morning.	
Psalms 131:3	Let Israel hope in the LORD from henceforth and for ever.	
Psalms 132:11	The LORD hath sworn in truth unto David; he will not turn from it; Of the fruit of thy body will I set upon thy throne.	
Psalms 132:12	If thy children will keep my covenant and my testimony that I shall teach them, their children shall also sit upon thy throne for evermore.	
Psalms 132:13	For the LORD hath chosen Zion; he hath desired it for his habitation.	
Psalms 132:17	There will I make the horn of David to bud: I have ordained a lamp for mine anointed.	
Psalms 132:3	Surely I will not come into the tabernacle of my house, nor go up into my bed;	
Psalms 132:4	I will not give sleep to mine eyes, or slumber to mine eyelids,	
Psalms 132:5	Until I find out a place for the LORD, an habitation for the mighty God of Jacob.	
Psalms 135:10	Who smote great nations, and slew mighty kings;	
Psalms 135:18	They that make them are like unto them: so is every one that trusteth in them.	
Psalms 135:19	Bless the LORD, O house of Israel: bless the LORD, O house of Aaron:	
Psalms 135:20	Bless the LORD, O house of Levi: ye that fear the LORD, bless the LORD.	
Psalms 135:4	For the LORD hath chosen Jacob unto himself, and Israel for his peculiar treasure.	
Psalms 135:6	Whatsoever the LORD pleased, that did he in heaven, and in earth, in the seas, and all deep places.	
Psalms 136:15	But overthrew Pharaoh and his host in the Red sea: for his mercy endureth for ever.	
Psalms 136:16	To him which led his people through the wilderness: for his mercy endureth for ever.	
Psalms 136:17	To him which smote great kings: for his mercy endureth for ever:	
Psalms 136:20	And Og the king of Bashan: for his mercy endureth for ever:	
Psalms 136:21	And gave their land for an heritage: for his mercy endureth for ever:	
Psalms 136:24	And hath redeemed us from our enemies: for his mercy endureth for ever.	
Psalms 136:4	To him who alone doeth great wonders: for his mercy endureth for ever.	
Psalms 136:5	To him that by wisdom made the heavens: for his mercy endureth for ever.	
Psalms 136:6	To him that stretched out the earth above the waters: for his mercy endureth for ever.	
Psalms 136:9	The moon and stars to rule by night: for his mercy endureth for ever.	
Psalms 137:9	Happy shall he be, that taketh and dasheth thy little ones against the stones.	
Psalms 138:6	Though the LORD be high, yet hath he respect unto the lowly: but the proud he knoweth afar off.	
Psalms 139:10	Even there shall thy hand lead me, and thy right hand shall hold me.	
Psalms 139:15	My substance was not hid from thee, when I was made in secret, and curiously wrought in the lowest parts of the earth.	
Psalms 139:21	Do not I hate them, O LORD, that hate thee? and am not I grieved with those that rise up against thee?	
Psalms 139:22	I hate them with perfect hatred: I count them mine enemies.	
Psalms 139:24	And see if there be any wicked way in me, and lead me in the way everlasting.	
Psalms 139:8	If I ascend up into heaven, thou art there: if I make my bed in hell, behold, thou art there.	
Psalms 139:9	If I take the wings of the morning, and dwell in the uttermost parts of the sea;	
Psalms 13:1	How long wilt thou forget me, O LORD? for ever? how long wilt thou hide thy face from me?	
Psalms 140:2	Which imagine mischiefs in their heart; continually are they gathered together for war.	
Psalms 140:4	Keep me, O LORD, from the hands of the wicked; preserve me from the violent man; who have purposed to overthrow my goings.	
Psalms 140:6	I said unto the LORD, Thou art my God: hear the voice of my supplications, O LORD.	
Psalms 142:1	I cried unto the LORD with my voice; with my voice unto the LORD did I make my supplication.	
Psalms 143:1	Hear my prayer, O LORD, give ear to my supplications: in thy faithfulness answer me, and in thy righteousness.	
Psalms 143:3	For the enemy hath persecuted my soul; he hath smitten my life down to the ground; he hath made me to dwell in darkness, as those that have been long dead.	
Psalms 144:12	That our sons may be as plants grown up in their youth; that our daughters may be as corner stones, polished after the similitude of a palace:	
Psalms 144:13	That our garners may be full, affording all manner of store: that our sheep may bring forth thousands and ten thousands in our streets:	
Psalms 144:5	Bow thy heavens, O LORD, and come down: touch the mountains, and they shall smoke.	
Psalms 144:9	I will sing a new song unto thee, O God: upon a psaltery and an instrument of ten strings will I sing praises unto thee.	
Psalms 145:1	I will extol thee, my God, O king; and I will bless thy name for ever and ever.	
Psalms 145:14	The LORD upholdeth all that fall, and raiseth up all those that be bowed down.	
Psalms 145:18	The LORD is nigh unto all them that call upon him, to all that call upon him in truth.	
Psalms 145:19	He will fulfil the desire of them that fear him: he also will hear their cry, and will save them.	
Psalms 145:4	One generation shall praise thy works to another, and shall declare thy mighty acts.	
Psalms 145:5	I will speak of the glorious honour of thy majesty, and of thy wondrous works.	
Psalms 145:9	The LORD is good to all: and his tender mercies are over all his works.	
Psalms 146:10	The LORD shall reign for ever, even thy God, O Zion, unto all generations. Praise ye the LORD.	
Psalms 146:3	Put not your trust in princes, nor in the son of man, in whom there is no help.	
Psalms 146:4	His breath goeth forth, he returneth to his earth; in that very day his thoughts perish.	
Psalms 146:6	Which made heaven, and earth, the sea, and all that therein is: which keepeth truth for ever:	
Psalms 146:7	Which executeth judgment for the oppressed: which giveth food to the hungry. The LORD looseth the prisoners:	
Psalms 146:9	The LORD preserveth the strangers; he relieveth the fatherless and widow: but the way of the wicked he turneth upside down.	
Psalms 147:10	He delighteth not in the strength of the horse: he taketh not pleasure in the legs of a man.	
Psalms 147:15	He sendeth forth his commandment upon earth: his word runneth very swiftly.	
Psalms 147:18	He sendeth out his word, and melteth them: he causeth his wind to blow, and the waters flow.	
Psalms 147:8	Who covereth the heaven with clouds, who prepareth rain for the earth, who maketh grass to grow upon the mountains.	
Psalms 148:10	Beasts, and all cattle; creeping things, and flying fowl:	
Psalms 148:13	Let them praise the name of the LORD: for his name alone is excellent; his glory is above the earth and heaven.	
Psalms 148:2	Praise ye him, all his angels: praise ye him, all his hosts.	
Psalms 148:5	Let them praise the name of the LORD: for he commanded, and they were created.	
Psalms 148:7	Praise the LORD from the earth, ye dragons, and all deeps:	
Psalms 14:2	The LORD looked down from heaven upon the children of men, to see if there were any that did understand, and seek God.	
Psalms 150:6	Let every thing that hath breath praise the LORD. Praise ye the LORD.	
Psalms 15:5	He that putteth not out his money to usury, nor taketh reward against the innocent. He that doeth these things shall never be moved.	
Psalms 16:10	For thou wilt not leave my soul in hell; neither wilt thou suffer thine Holy One to see corruption.	
Psalms 16:2	O my soul, thou hast said unto the LORD, Thou art my Lord: my goodness extendeth not to thee;	
Psalms 17:1	Hear the right, O LORD, attend unto my cry, give ear unto my prayer, that goeth not out of feigned lips.	
Psalms 17:10	They are inclosed in their own fat: with their mouth they speak proudly.	
Psalms 17:3	Thou hast proved mine heart; thou hast visited me in the night; thou hast tried me, and shalt find nothing; I am purposed that my mouth shall not transgress.	
Psalms 17:8	Keep me as the apple of the eye, hide me under the shadow of thy wings,	
Psalms 18:1	I will love thee, O LORD, my strength.	
Psalms 18:10	And he rode upon a cherub, and did fly: yea, he did fly upon the wings of the wind.	
Psalms 18:22	For all his judgments were before me, and I did not put away his statutes from me.	
Psalms 18:23	I was also upright before him, and I kept myself from mine iniquity.	
Psalms 18:25	With the merciful thou wilt shew thyself merciful; with an upright man thou wilt shew thyself upright;	
Psalms 18:27	For thou wilt save the afflicted people; but wilt bring down high looks.	
Psalms 18:28	For thou wilt light my candle: the LORD my God will enlighten my darkness.	
Psalms 18:29	For by thee I have run through a troop; and by my God have I leaped over a wall.	
Psalms 18:3	I will call upon the LORD, who is worthy to be praised: so shall I be saved from mine enemies.	
Psalms 18:30	As for God, his way is perfect: the word of the LORD is tried: he is a buckler to all those that trust in him.	
Psalms 18:35	Thou hast also given me the shield of thy salvation: and thy right hand hath holden me up, and thy gentleness hath made me great.	
Psalms 18:36	Thou hast enlarged my steps under me, that my feet did not slip.	
Psalms 18:38	I have wounded them that they were not able to rise: they are fallen under my feet.	
Psalms 18:39	For thou hast girded me with strength unto the battle: thou hast subdued under me those that rose up against me.	
Psalms 18:44	As soon as they hear of me, they shall obey me: the strangers shall submit themselves unto me.	
Psalms 18:45	The strangers shall fade away, and be afraid out of their close places.	
Psalms 18:48	He delivereth me from mine enemies: yea, thou liftest me up above those that rise up against me: thou hast delivered me from the violent man.	
Psalms 18:50	Great deliverance giveth he to his king; and sheweth mercy to his anointed, to David, and to his seed for evermore.	
Psalms 18:7	Then the earth shook and trembled; the foundations also of the hills moved and were shaken, because he was wroth.	
Psalms 18:8	There went up a smoke out of his nostrils, and fire out of his mouth devoured: coals were kindled by it.	
Psalms 18:9	He bowed the heavens also, and came down: and darkness was under his feet.	
Psalms 19:14	Let the words of my mouth, and the meditation of my heart, be acceptable in thy sight, O LORD, my strength, and my redeemer.	
Psalms 19:6	His going forth is from the end of the heaven, and his circuit unto the ends of it: and there is nothing hid from the heat thereof.	
Psalms 19:7	The law of the LORD is perfect, converting the soul: the testimony of the LORD is sure, making wise the simple.	
Psalms 19:8	The statutes of the LORD are right, rejoicing the heart: the commandment of the LORD is pure, enlightening the eyes.	
Psalms 19:9	The fear of the LORD is clean, enduring for ever: the judgments of the LORD are true and righteous altogether.	
Psalms 1:4	The ungodly are not so: but are like the chaff which the wind driveth away.	
Psalms 1:6	For the LORD knoweth the way of the righteous: but the way of the ungodly shall perish.	
Psalms 20:8	They are brought down and fallen: but we are risen, and stand upright.	
Psalms 21:10	Their fruit shalt thou destroy from the earth, and their seed from among the children of men.	
Psalms 21:11	For they intended evil against thee: they imagined a mischievous device, which they are not able to perform.	
Psalms 21:12	Therefore shalt thou make them turn their back, when thou shalt make ready thine arrows upon thy strings against the face of them.	
Psalms 21:2	Thou hast given him his heart's desire, and hast not withholden the request of his lips. Selah.	
Psalms 21:5	His glory is great in thy salvation: honour and majesty hast thou laid upon him.	
Psalms 22:11	Be not far from me; for trouble is near; for there is none to help.	
Psalms 22:13	They gaped upon me with their mouths, as a ravening and a roaring lion.	
Psalms 22:15	My strength is dried up like a potsherd; and my tongue cleaveth to my jaws; and thou hast brought me into the dust of death.	
Psalms 22:20	Deliver my soul from the sword; my darling from the power of the dog.	
Psalms 22:23	Ye that fear the LORD, praise him; all ye the seed of Jacob, glorify him; and fear him, all ye the seed of Israel.	
Psalms 22:25	My praise shall be of thee in the great congregation: I will pay my vows before them that fear him.	
Psalms 22:27	All the ends of the world shall remember and turn unto the LORD: and all the kindreds of the nations shall worship before thee.	
Psalms 22:31	They shall come, and shall declare his righteousness unto a people that shall be born, that he hath done this.	
Psalms 22:5	They cried unto thee, and were delivered: they trusted in thee, and were not confounded.	
Psalms 22:8	He trusted on the LORD that he would deliver him: let him deliver him, seeing he delighted in him.	
Psalms 22:9	But thou art he that took me out of the womb: thou didst make me hope when I was upon my mother's breasts.	
Psalms 23:1	The LORD is my shepherd; I shall not want.	
Psalms 23:3	He restoreth my soul: he leadeth me in the paths of righteousness for his name's sake.	
Psalms 24:2	For he hath founded it upon the seas, and established it upon the floods.	
Psalms 24:4	He that hath clean hands, and a pure heart; who hath not lifted up his soul unto vanity, nor sworn deceitfully.	
Psalms 25:12	What man is he that feareth the LORD? him shall he teach in the way that he shall choose.	
Psalms 25:13	His soul shall dwell at ease; and his seed shall inherit the earth.	
Psalms 25:17	The troubles of my heart are enlarged: O bring thou me out of my distresses.	
Psalms 25:18	Look upon mine affliction and my pain; and forgive all my sins.	
Psalms 25:2	O my God, I trust in thee: let me not be ashamed, let not mine enemies triumph over me.	
Psalms 25:22	Redeem Israel, O God, out of all his troubles.	
Psalms 25:4	Shew me thy ways, O LORD; teach me thy paths.	
Psalms 25:7	Remember not the sins of my youth, nor my transgressions: according to thy mercy remember thou me for thy goodness' sake, O LORD.	
Psalms 25:9	The meek will he guide in judgment: and the meek will he teach his way.	
Psalms 26:1	Judge me, O LORD; for I have walked in mine integrity: I have trusted also in the LORD; therefore I shall not slide.	
Psalms 26:3	For thy lovingkindness is before mine eyes: and I have walked in thy truth.	
Psalms 26:4	I have not sat with vain persons, neither will I go in with dissemblers.	
Psalms 26:5	I have hated the congregation of evil doers; and will not sit with the wicked.	
Psalms 26:7	That I may publish with the voice of thanksgiving, and tell of all thy wondrous works.	
Psalms 27:10	When my father and my mother forsake me, then the LORD will take me up.	
Psalms 27:11	Teach me thy way, O LORD, and lead me in a plain path, because of mine enemies.	
Psalms 27:12	Deliver me not over unto the will of mine enemies: for false witnesses are risen up against me, and such as breathe out cruelty.	
Psalms 27:13	I had fainted, unless I had believed to see the goodness of the LORD in the land of the living.	
Psalms 27:4	One thing have I desired of the LORD, that will I seek after; that I may dwell in the house of the LORD all the days of my life, to behold the beauty of the LORD, and to enquire in his temple.	
Psalms 28:1	Unto thee will I cry, O LORD my rock; be not silent to me: lest, if thou be silent to me, I become like them that go down into the pit.	
Psalms 28:7	The LORD is my strength and my shield; my heart trusted in him, and I am helped: therefore my heart greatly rejoiceth; and with my song will I praise him.	
Psalms 28:8	The LORD is their strength, and he is the saving strength of his anointed.	
Psalms 29:1	Give unto the LORD, O ye mighty, give unto the LORD glory and strength.	
Psalms 29:2	Give unto the LORD the glory due unto his name; worship the LORD in the beauty of holiness.	
Psalms 29:5	The voice of the LORD breaketh the cedars; yea, the LORD breaketh the cedars of Lebanon.	
Psalms 2:3	Let us break their bands asunder, and cast away their cords from us.	
Psalms 2:4	He that sitteth in the heavens shall laugh: the LORD shall have them in derision.	
Psalms 30:9	What profit is there in my blood, when I go down to the pit? Shall the dust praise thee? shall it declare thy truth?	
Psalms 31:11	I was a reproach among all mine enemies, but especially among my neighbours, and a fear to mine acquaintance: they that did see me without fled from me.	
Psalms 31:12	I am forgotten as a dead man out of mind: I am like a broken vessel.	
Psalms 31:14	But I trusted in thee, O LORD: I said, Thou art my God.	
Psalms 31:2	Bow down thine ear to me; deliver me speedily: be thou my strong rock, for an house of defence to save me.	
Psalms 31:22	For I said in my haste, I am cut off from before thine eyes: nevertheless thou heardest the voice of my supplications when I cried unto thee.	
Psalms 31:23	O love the LORD, all ye his saints: for the LORD preserveth the faithful, and plentifully rewardeth the proud doer.	
Psalms 31:4	Pull me out of the net that they have laid privily for me: for thou art my strength.	
Psalms 32:10	Many sorrows shall be to the wicked: but he that trusteth in the LORD, mercy shall compass him about.	
Psalms 32:3	When I kept silence, my bones waxed old through my roaring all the day long.	
Psalms 32:6	For this shall every one that is godly pray unto thee in a time when thou mayest be found: surely in the floods of great waters they shall not come nigh unto him.	
Psalms 33:11	The counsel of the LORD standeth for ever, the thoughts of his heart to all generations.	
Psalms 33:15	He fashioneth their hearts alike; he considereth all their works.	
Psalms 33:17	An horse is a vain thing for safety: neither shall he deliver any by his great strength.	
Psalms 33:19	To deliver their soul from death, and to keep them alive in famine.	
Psalms 33:20	Our soul waiteth for the LORD: he is our help and our shield.	
Psalms 33:22	Let thy mercy, O LORD, be upon us, according as we hope in thee.	
Psalms 33:4	For the word of the LORD is right; and all his works are done in truth.	
Psalms 33:8	Let all the earth fear the LORD: let all the inhabitants of the world stand in awe of him.	
Psalms 34:15	The eyes of the LORD are upon the righteous, and his ears are open unto their cry.	
Psalms 34:19	Many are the afflictions of the righteous: but the LORD delivereth him out of them all.	
Psalms 34:2	My soul shall make her boast in the LORD: the humble shall hear thereof, and be glad.	
Psalms 34:5	They looked unto him, and were lightened: and their faces were not ashamed.	
Psalms 35:12	They rewarded me evil for good to the spoiling of my soul.	
Psalms 35:17	Lord, how long wilt thou look on? rescue my soul from their destructions, my darling from the lions.	
Psalms 35:18	I will give thee thanks in the great congregation: I will praise thee among much people.	
Psalms 35:2	Take hold of shield and buckler, and stand up for mine help.	
Psalms 35:21	Yea, they opened their mouth wide against me, and said, Aha, aha, our eye hath seen it.	
Psalms 35:5	Let them be as chaff before the wind: and let the angel of the LORD chase them.	
Psalms 35:8	Let destruction come upon him at unawares; and let his net that he hath hid catch himself: into that very destruction let him fall.	
Psalms 36:1	The transgression of the wicked saith within my heart, that there is no fear of God before his eyes.	
Psalms 36:11	Let not the foot of pride come against me, and let not the hand of the wicked remove me.	
Psalms 36:4	He deviseth mischief upon his bed; he setteth himself in a way that is not good; he abhorreth not evil.	
Psalms 36:9	For with thee is the fountain of life: in thy light shall we see light.	
Psalms 37:21	The wicked borroweth, and payeth not again: but the righteous sheweth mercy, and giveth.	
Psalms 37:26	He is ever merciful, and lendeth; and his seed is blessed.	
Psalms 37:27	Depart from evil, and do good; and dwell for evermore.	
Psalms 37:28	For the LORD loveth judgment, and forsaketh not his saints; they are preserved for ever: but the seed of the wicked shall be cut off.	
Psalms 37:29	The righteous shall inherit the land, and dwell therein for ever.	
Psalms 37:30	The mouth of the righteous speaketh wisdom, and his tongue talketh of judgment.	
Psalms 37:35	I have seen the wicked in great power, and spreading himself like a green bay tree.	
Psalms 37:4	Delight thyself also in the LORD: and he shall give thee the desires of thine heart.	
Psalms 37:7	Rest in the LORD, and wait patiently for him: fret not thyself because of him who prospereth in his way, because of the man who bringeth wicked devices to pass.	
Psalms 38:1	O lord, rebuke me not in thy wrath: neither chasten me in thy hot displeasure.	
Psalms 38:11	My lovers and my friends stand aloof from my sore; and my kinsmen stand afar off.	
Psalms 38:16	For I said, Hear me, lest otherwise they should rejoice over me: when my foot slippeth, they magnify themselves against me.	
Psalms 38:19	But mine enemies are lively, and they are strong: and they that hate me wrongfully are multiplied.	
Psalms 38:7	For my loins are filled with a loathsome disease: and there is no soundness in my flesh.	
Psalms 3:2	Many there be which say of my soul, There is no help for him in God. Selah.	
Psalms 3:4	I cried unto the LORD with my voice, and he heard me out of his holy hill. Selah.	
Psalms 40:13	Be pleased, O LORD, to deliver me: O LORD, make haste to help me.	
Psalms 41:12	And as for me, thou upholdest me in mine integrity, and settest me before thy face for ever.	
Psalms 41:13	Blessed be the LORD God of Israel from everlasting, and to everlasting. Amen, and Amen.	
Psalms 41:3	The LORD will strengthen him upon the bed of languishing: thou wilt make all his bed in his sickness.	
Psalms 41:4	I said, LORD, be merciful unto me: heal my soul; for I have sinned against thee.	
Psalms 41:7	All that hate me whisper together against me: against me do they devise my hurt.	
Psalms 42:9	I will say unto God my rock, Why hast thou forgotten me? why go I mourning because of the oppression of the enemy?	
Psalms 43:4	Then will I go unto the altar of God, unto God my exceeding joy: yea, upon the harp will I praise thee, O God my God.	
Psalms 44:11	Thou hast given us like sheep appointed for meat; and hast scattered us among the heathen.	
Psalms 44:14	Thou makest us a byword among the heathen, a shaking of the head among the people.	
Psalms 44:15	My confusion is continually before me, and the shame of my face hath covered me,	
Psalms 44:18	Our heart is not turned back, neither have our steps declined from thy way;	
Psalms 44:19	Though thou hast sore broken us in the place of dragons, and covered us with the shadow of death.	
Psalms 44:20	If we have forgotten the name of our God, or stretched out our hands to a strange god;	
Psalms 44:23	Awake, why sleepest thou, O Lord? arise, cast us not off for ever.	
Psalms 44:3	For they got not the land in possession by their own sword, neither did their own arm save them: but thy right hand, and thine arm, and the light of thy countenance, because thou hadst a favour unto them.	
Psalms 45:11	So shall the king greatly desire thy beauty: for he is thy Lord; and worship thou him.	
Psalms 45:12	And the daughter of Tyre shall be there with a gift; even the rich among the people shall intreat thy favour.	
Psalms 45:14	She shall be brought unto the king in raiment of needlework: the virgins her companions that follow her shall be brought unto thee.	
Psalms 45:3	Gird thy sword upon thy thigh, O most mighty, with thy glory and thy majesty.	
Psalms 45:6	Thy throne, O God, is for ever and ever: the sceptre of thy kingdom is a right sceptre.	
Psalms 46:1	God is our refuge and strength, a very present help in trouble.	
Psalms 46:10	Be still, and know that I am God: I will be exalted among the heathen, I will be exalted in the earth.	
Psalms 46:2	Therefore will not we fear, though the earth be removed, and though the mountains be carried into the midst of the sea;	
Psalms 46:6	The heathen raged, the kingdoms were moved: he uttered his voice, the earth melted.	
Psalms 46:7	The LORD of hosts is with us; the God of Jacob is our refuge. Selah.	
Psalms 46:8	Come, behold the works of the LORD, what desolations he hath made in the earth.	
Psalms 47:7	For God is the King of all the earth: sing ye praises with understanding.	
Psalms 47:9	The princes of the people are gathered together, even the people of the God of Abraham: for the shields of the earth belong unto God: he is greatly exalted.	
Psalms 48:1	Great is the LORD, and greatly to be praised in the city of our God, in the mountain of his holiness.	
Psalms 48:10	According to thy name, O God, so is thy praise unto the ends of the earth: thy right hand is full of righteousness.	
Psalms 48:13	Mark ye well her bulwarks, consider her palaces; that ye may tell it to the generation following.	
Psalms 48:2	Beautiful for situation, the joy of the whole earth, is mount Zion, on the sides of the north, the city of the great King.	
Psalms 49:10	For he seeth that wise men die, likewise the fool and the brutish person perish, and leave their wealth to others.	
Psalms 49:11	Their inward thought is, that their houses shall continue for ever, and their dwelling places to all generations; they call their lands after their own names.	
Psalms 49:12	Nevertheless man being in honour abideth not: he is like the beasts that perish.	
Psalms 49:15	But God will redeem my soul from the power of the grave: for he shall receive me. Selah.	
Psalms 49:16	Be not thou afraid when one is made rich, when the glory of his house is increased;	
Psalms 49:2	Both low and high, rich and poor, together.	
Psalms 4:1	Hear me when I call, O God of my righteousness: thou hast enlarged me when I was in distress; have mercy upon me, and hear my prayer.	
Psalms 4:4	Stand in awe, and sin not: commune with your own heart upon your bed, and be still. Selah.	
Psalms 4:5	Offer the sacrifices of righteousness, and put your trust in the LORD.	
Psalms 4:7	Thou hast put gladness in my heart, more than in the time that their corn and their wine increased.	
Psalms 50:13	Will I eat the flesh of bulls, or drink the blood of goats?	
Psalms 50:16	But unto the wicked God saith, What hast thou to do to declare my statutes, or that thou shouldest take my covenant in thy mouth?	
Psalms 50:21	These things hast thou done, and I kept silence; thou thoughtest that I was altogether such an one as thyself: but I will reprove thee, and set them in order before thine eyes.	
Psalms 50:5	Gather my saints together unto me; those that have made a covenant with me by sacrifice.	
Psalms 51:11	Cast me not away from thy presence; and take not thy holy spirit from me.	
Psalms 51:15	O Lord, open thou my lips; and my mouth shall shew forth thy praise.	
Psalms 51:17	The sacrifices of God are a broken spirit: a broken and a contrite heart, O God, thou wilt not despise.	
Psalms 51:2	Wash me throughly from mine iniquity, and cleanse me from my sin.	
Psalms 51:4	Against thee, thee only, have I sinned, and done this evil in thy sight: that thou mightest be justified when thou speakest, and be clear when thou judgest.	
Psalms 52:8	But I am like a green olive tree in the house of God: I trust in the mercy of God for ever and ever.	
Psalms 53:1	The fool hath said in his heart, There is no God. Corrupt are they, and have done abominable iniquity: there is none that doeth good.	
Psalms 53:2	God looked down from heaven upon the children of men, to see if there were any that did understand, that did seek God.	
Psalms 53:3	Every one of them is gone back: they are altogether become filthy; there is none that doeth good, no, not one.	
Psalms 53:6	Oh that the salvation of Israel were come out of Zion! When God bringeth back the captivity of his people, Jacob shall rejoice, and Israel shall be glad.	
Psalms 54:4	Behold, God is mine helper: the Lord is with them that uphold my soul.	
Psalms 55:1	Give ear to my prayer, O God; and hide not thyself from my supplication.	
Psalms 55:10	Day and night they go about it upon the walls thereof: mischief also and sorrow are in the midst of it.	
Psalms 55:13	But it was thou, a man mine equal, my guide, and mine acquaintance.	
Psalms 55:14	We took sweet counsel together, and walked unto the house of God in company.	
Psalms 55:18	He hath delivered my soul in peace from the battle that was against me: for there were many with me.	
Psalms 55:2	Attend unto me, and hear me: I mourn in my complaint, and make a noise;	
Psalms 55:23	But thou, O God, shalt bring them down into the pit of destruction: bloody and deceitful men shall not live out half their days; but I will trust in thee.	
Psalms 55:8	I would hasten my escape from the windy storm and tempest.	
Psalms 56:10	In God will I praise his word: in the LORD will I praise his word.	
Psalms 56:5	Every day they wrest my words: all their thoughts are against me for evil.	
Psalms 56:8	Thou tellest my wanderings: put thou my tears into thy bottle: are they not in thy book?	
Psalms 57:11	Be thou exalted, O God, above the heavens: let thy glory be above all the earth.	
Psalms 57:7	My heart is fixed, O God, my heart is fixed: I will sing and give praise.	
Psalms 58:10	The righteous shall rejoice when he seeth the vengeance: he shall wash his feet in the blood of the wicked.	
Psalms 58:4	Their poison is like the poison of a serpent: they are like the deaf adder that stoppeth her ear;	
Psalms 58:5	Which will not hearken to the voice of charmers, charming never so wisely.	
Psalms 58:7	Let them melt away as waters which run continually: when he bendeth his bow to shoot his arrows, let them be as cut in pieces.	
Psalms 58:8	As a snail which melteth, let every one of them pass away: like the untimely birth of a woman, that they may not see the sun.	
Psalms 59:10	The God of my mercy shall prevent me: God shall let me see my desire upon mine enemies.	
Psalms 59:15	Let them wander up and down for meat, and grudge if they be not satisfied.	
Psalms 59:17	Unto thee, O my strength, will I sing: for God is my defence, and the God of my mercy.	
Psalms 59:6	They return at evening: they make a noise like a dog, and go round about the city.	
Psalms 5:10	Destroy thou them, O God; let them fall by their own counsels; cast them out in the multitude of their transgressions; for they have rebelled against thee.	
Psalms 5:11	But let all those that put their trust in thee rejoice: let them ever shout for joy, because thou defendest them: let them also that love thy name be joyful in thee.	
Psalms 5:12	For thou, LORD, wilt bless the righteous; with favour wilt thou compass him as with a shield.	
Psalms 5:4	For thou art not a God that hath pleasure in wickedness: neither shall evil dwell with thee.	
Psalms 61:8	So will I sing praise unto thy name for ever, that I may daily perform my vows.	
Psalms 62:3	How long will ye imagine mischief against a man? ye shall be slain all of you: as a bowing wall shall ye be, and as a tottering fence.	
Psalms 62:6	He only is my rock and my salvation: he is my defence; I shall not be moved.	
Psalms 62:8	Trust in him at all times; ye people, pour out your heart before him: God is a refuge for us. Selah.	
Psalms 63:1	O God, thou art my God; early will I seek thee: my soul thirsteth for thee, my flesh longeth for thee in a dry and thirsty land, where no water is;	
Psalms 63:11	But the king shall rejoice in God; every one that sweareth by him shall glory: but the mouth of them that speak lies shall be stopped.	
Psalms 63:3	Because thy lovingkindness is better than life, my lips shall praise thee.	
Psalms 63:6	When I remember thee upon my bed, and meditate on thee in the night watches.	
Psalms 63:8	My soul followeth hard after thee: thy right hand upholdeth me.	
Psalms 64:1	Hear my voice, O God, in my prayer: preserve my life from fear of the enemy.	
Psalms 64:2	Hide me from the secret counsel of the wicked; from the insurrection of the workers of iniquity:	
Psalms 64:3	Who whet their tongue like a sword, and bend their bows to shoot their arrows, even bitter words:	
Psalms 64:7	But God shall shoot at them with an arrow; suddenly shall they be wounded.	
Psalms 65:13	The pastures are clothed with flocks; the valleys also are covered over with corn; they shout for joy, they also sing.	
Psalms 65:6	Which by his strength setteth fast the mountains; being girded with power:	
Psalms 65:9	Thou visitest the earth, and waterest it: thou greatly enrichest it with the river of God, which is full of water: thou preparest them corn, when thou hast so provided for it.	
Psalms 66:14	Which my lips have uttered, and my mouth hath spoken, when I was in trouble.	
Psalms 66:16	Come and hear, all ye that fear God, and I will declare what he hath done for my soul.	
Psalms 66:20	Blessed be God, which hath not turned away my prayer, nor his mercy from me.	
Psalms 66:3	Say unto God, How terrible art thou in thy works! through the greatness of thy power shall thine enemies submit themselves unto thee.	
Psalms 66:4	All the earth shall worship thee, and shall sing unto thee; they shall sing to thy name. Selah.	
Psalms 66:8	O bless our God, ye people, and make the voice of his praise to be heard:	
Psalms 67:1	God be merciful unto us, and bless us; and cause his face to shine upon us; Selah.	
Psalms 68:11	The Lord gave the word: great was the company of those that published it.	
Psalms 68:12	Kings of armies did flee apace: and she that tarried at home divided the spoil.	
Psalms 68:15	The hill of God is as the hill of Bashan; an high hill as the hill of Bashan.	
Psalms 68:17	The chariots of God are twenty thousand, even thousands of angels: the Lord is among them, as in Sinai, in the holy place.	
Psalms 68:2	As smoke is driven away, so drive them away: as wax melteth before the fire, so let the wicked perish at the presence of God.	
Psalms 68:25	The singers went before, the players on instruments followed after; among them were the damsels playing with timbrels.	
Psalms 68:27	There is little Benjamin with their ruler, the princes of Judah and their council, the princes of Zebulun, and the princes of Naphtali.	
Psalms 68:28	Thy God hath commanded thy strength: strengthen, O God, that which thou hast wrought for us.	
Psalms 69:11	I made sackcloth also my garment; and I became a proverb to them.	
Psalms 69:16	Hear me, O LORD; for thy lovingkindness is good: turn unto me according to the multitude of thy tender mercies.	
Psalms 69:22	Let their table become a snare before them: and that which should have been for their welfare, let it become a trap.	
Psalms 69:25	Let their habitation be desolate; and let none dwell in their tents.	
Psalms 69:27	Add iniquity unto their iniquity: and let them not come into thy righteousness.	
Psalms 69:28	Let them be blotted out of the book of the living, and not be written with the righteous.	
Psalms 69:31	This also shall please the LORD better than an ox or bullock that hath horns and hoofs.	
Psalms 69:32	The humble shall see this, and be glad: and your heart shall live that seek God.	
Psalms 69:34	Let the heaven and earth praise him, the seas, and every thing that moveth therein.	
Psalms 69:36	The seed also of his servants shall inherit it: and they that love his name shall dwell therein.	
Psalms 69:4	They that hate me without a cause are more than the hairs of mine head: they that would destroy me, being mine enemies wrongfully, are mighty: then I restored that which I took not away.	
Psalms 69:6	Let not them that wait on thee, O Lord GOD of hosts, be ashamed for my sake: let not those that seek thee be confounded for my sake, O God of Israel.	
Psalms 69:7	Because for thy sake I have borne reproach; shame hath covered my face.	
Psalms 69:9	For the zeal of thine house hath eaten me up; and the reproaches of them that reproached thee are fallen upon me.	
Psalms 6:10	Let all mine enemies be ashamed and sore vexed: let them return and be ashamed suddenly.	
Psalms 6:2	Have mercy upon me, O LORD; for I am weak: O LORD, heal me; for my bones are vexed.	
Psalms 6:3	My soul is also sore vexed: but thou, O LORD, how long?	
Psalms 6:7	Mine eye is consumed because of grief; it waxeth old because of all mine enemies.	
Psalms 71:10	For mine enemies speak against me; and they that lay wait for my soul take counsel together,	
Psalms 71:17	O God, thou hast taught me from my youth: and hitherto have I declared thy wondrous works.	
Psalms 71:2	Deliver me in thy righteousness, and cause me to escape: incline thine ear unto me, and save me.	
Psalms 71:24	My tongue also shall talk of thy righteousness all the day long: for they are confounded, for they are brought unto shame, that seek my hurt.	
Psalms 71:4	Deliver me, O my God, out of the hand of the wicked, out of the hand of the unrighteous and cruel man.	
Psalms 72:12	For he shall deliver the needy when he crieth; the poor also, and him that hath no helper.	
Psalms 72:13	He shall spare the poor and needy, and shall save the souls of the needy.	
Psalms 72:14	He shall redeem their soul from deceit and violence: and precious shall their blood be in his sight.	
Psalms 72:17	His name shall endure for ever: his name shall be continued as long as the sun: and men shall be blessed in him: all nations shall call him blessed.	
Psalms 72:7	In his days shall the righteous flourish; and abundance of peace so long as the moon endureth.	
Psalms 73:1	Truly God is good to Israel, even to such as are of a clean heart.	
Psalms 73:10	Therefore his people return hither: and waters of a full cup are wrung out to them.	
Psalms 73:11	And they say, How doth God know? and is there knowledge in the most High?	
Psalms 73:13	Verily I have cleansed my heart in vain, and washed my hands in innocency.	
Psalms 73:17	Until I went into the sanctuary of God; then understood I their end.	
Psalms 73:19	How are they brought into desolation, as in a moment! they are utterly consumed with terrors.	
Psalms 73:2	But as for me, my feet were almost gone; my steps had well nigh slipped.	
Psalms 73:20	As a dream when one awaketh; so, O Lord, when thou awakest, thou shalt despise their image.	
Psalms 73:22	So foolish was I, and ignorant: I was as a beast before thee.	
Psalms 73:23	Nevertheless I am continually with thee: thou hast holden me by my right hand.	
Psalms 73:24	Thou shalt guide me with thy counsel, and afterward receive me to glory.	
Psalms 73:28	But it is good for me to draw near to God: I have put my trust in the Lord GOD, that I may declare all thy works.	
Psalms 74:10	O God, how long shall the adversary reproach? shall the enemy blaspheme thy name for ever?	
Psalms 74:11	Why withdrawest thou thy hand, even thy right hand? pluck it out of thy bosom.	
Psalms 74:20	Have respect unto the covenant: for the dark places of the earth are full of the habitations of cruelty.	
Psalms 74:23	Forget not the voice of thine enemies: the tumult of those that rise up against thee increaseth continually.	
Psalms 74:9	We see not our signs: there is no more any prophet: neither is there among us any that knoweth how long.	
Psalms 75:1	Unto thee, O God, do we give thanks, unto thee do we give thanks: for that thy name is near thy wondrous works declare.	
Psalms 75:5	Lift not up your horn on high: speak not with a stiff neck.	
Psalms 75:9	But I will declare for ever; I will sing praises to the God of Jacob.	
Psalms 77:18	The voice of thy thunder was in the heaven: the lightnings lightened the world: the earth trembled and shook.	
Psalms 77:19	Thy way is in the sea, and thy path in the great waters, and thy footsteps are not known.	
Psalms 77:2	In the day of my trouble I sought the Lord: my sore ran in the night, and ceased not: my soul refused to be comforted.	
Psalms 77:3	I remembered God, and was troubled: I complained, and my spirit was overwhelmed. Selah.	
Psalms 77:4	Thou holdest mine eyes waking: I am so troubled that I cannot speak.	
Psalms 77:5	I have considered the days of old, the years of ancient times.	
Psalms 77:7	Will the Lord cast off for ever? and will he be favourable no more?	
Psalms 78:10	They kept not the covenant of God, and refused to walk in his law;	
Psalms 78:12	Marvellous things did he in the sight of their fathers, in the land of Egypt, in the field of Zoan.	
Psalms 78:20	Behold, he smote the rock, that the waters gushed out, and the streams overflowed; can he give bread also? can he provide flesh for his people?	
Psalms 78:27	He rained flesh also upon them as dust, and feathered fowls like as the sand of the sea:	
Psalms 78:3	Which we have heard and known, and our fathers have told us.	
Psalms 78:35	And they remembered that God was their rock, and the high God their redeemer.	
Psalms 78:36	Nevertheless they did flatter him with their mouth, and they lied unto him with their tongues.	
Psalms 78:4	We will not hide them from their children, shewing to the generation to come the praises of the LORD, and his strength, and his wonderful works that he hath done.	
Psalms 78:43	How he had wrought his signs in Egypt, and his wonders in the field of Zoan.	
Psalms 78:47	He destroyed their vines with hail, and their sycomore trees with frost.	
Psalms 78:50	He made a way to his anger; he spared not their soul from death, but gave their life over to the pestilence;	
Psalms 78:55	He cast out the heathen also before them, and divided them an inheritance by line, and made the tribes of Israel to dwell in their tents.	
Psalms 78:60	So that he forsook the tabernacle of Shiloh, the tent which he placed among men;	
Psalms 78:7	That they might set their hope in God, and not forget the works of God, but keep his commandments:	
Psalms 78:71	From following the ewes great with young he brought him to feed Jacob his people, and Israel his inheritance.	
Psalms 78:72	So he fed them according to the integrity of his heart; and guided them by the skilfulness of his hands.	
Psalms 78:8	And might not be as their fathers, a stubborn and rebellious generation; a generation that set not their heart aright, and whose spirit was not stedfast with God.	
Psalms 7:10	My defence is of God, which saveth the upright in heart.	
Psalms 7:16	His mischief shall return upon his own head, and his violent dealing shall come down upon his own pate.	
Psalms 80:13	The boar out of the wood doth waste it, and the wild beast of the field doth devour it.	
Psalms 80:15	And the vineyard which thy right hand hath planted, and the branch that thou madest strong for thyself.	
Psalms 80:19	Turn us again, O LORD God of hosts, cause thy face to shine; and we shall be saved.	
Psalms 81:10	I am the LORD thy God, which brought thee out of the land of Egypt: open thy mouth wide, and I will fill it.	
Psalms 81:11	But my people would not hearken to my voice; and Israel would none of me.	
Psalms 81:16	He should have fed them also with the finest of the wheat: and with honey out of the rock should I have satisfied thee.	
Psalms 81:5	This he ordained in Joseph for a testimony, when he went out through the land of Egypt: where I heard a language that I understood not.	
Psalms 82:6	I have said, Ye are gods; and all of you are children of the most High.	
Psalms 82:7	But ye shall die like men, and fall like one of the princes.	
Psalms 83:14	As the fire burneth a wood, and as the flame setteth the mountains on fire;	
Psalms 83:6	The tabernacles of Edom, and the Ishmaelites; of Moab, and the Hagarenes;	
Psalms 83:7	Gebal, and Ammon, and Amalek; the Philistines with the inhabitants of Tyre;	
Psalms 83:8	Assur also is joined with them: they have holpen the children of Lot. Selah.	
Psalms 84:1	How amiable are thy tabernacles, O LORD of hosts!	
Psalms 84:2	My soul longeth, yea, even fainteth for the courts of the LORD: my heart and my flesh crieth out for the living God.	
Psalms 84:7	They go from strength to strength, every one of them in Zion appeareth before God.	
Psalms 85:1	Lord, thou hast been favourable unto thy land: thou hast brought back the captivity of Jacob.	
Psalms 85:6	Wilt thou not revive us again: that thy people may rejoice in thee?	
Psalms 85:8	I will hear what God the LORD will speak: for he will speak peace unto his people, and to his saints: but let them not turn again to folly.	
Psalms 86:14	O God, the proud are risen against me, and the assemblies of violent men have sought after my soul; and have not set thee before them.	
Psalms 86:16	O turn unto me, and have mercy upon me; give thy strength unto thy servant, and save the son of thine handmaid.	
Psalms 86:4	Rejoice the soul of thy servant: for unto thee, O Lord, do I lift up my soul.	
Psalms 86:5	For thou, Lord, art good, and ready to forgive; and plenteous in mercy unto all them that call upon thee.	
Psalms 87:3	Glorious things are spoken of thee, O city of God. Selah.	
Psalms 87:4	I will make mention of Rahab and Babylon to them that know me: behold Philistia, and Tyre, with Ethiopia; this man was born there.	
Psalms 88:12	Shall thy wonders be known in the dark? and thy righteousness in the land of forgetfulness?	
Psalms 88:14	LORD, why castest thou off my soul? why hidest thou thy face from me?	
Psalms 88:4	I am counted with them that go down into the pit: I am as a man that hath no strength:	
Psalms 88:6	Thou hast laid me in the lowest pit, in darkness, in the deeps.	
Psalms 89:18	For the LORD is our defence; and the Holy One of Israel is our king.	
Psalms 89:19	Then thou spakest in vision to thy holy one, and saidst, I have laid help upon one that is mighty; I have exalted one chosen out of the people.	
Psalms 89:24	But my faithfulness and my mercy shall be with him: and in my name shall his horn be exalted.	
Psalms 89:3	I have made a covenant with my chosen, I have sworn unto David my servant,	
Psalms 89:31	If they break my statutes, and keep not my commandments;	
Psalms 89:33	Nevertheless my lovingkindness will I not utterly take from him, nor suffer my faithfulness to fail.	
Psalms 89:34	My covenant will I not break, nor alter the thing that is gone out of my lips.	
Psalms 89:39	Thou hast made void the covenant of thy servant: thou hast profaned his crown by casting it to the ground.	
Psalms 89:41	All that pass by the way spoil him: he is a reproach to his neighbours.	
Psalms 89:44	Thou hast made his glory to cease, and cast his throne down to the ground.	
Psalms 89:6	For who in the heaven can be compared unto the LORD? who among the sons of the mighty can be likened unto the LORD?	
Psalms 8:1	O LORD, our Lord, how excellent is thy name in all the earth! who hast set thy glory above the heavens.	
Psalms 8:2	Out of the mouth of babes and sucklings hast thou ordained strength because of thine enemies, that thou mightest still the enemy and the avenger.	
Psalms 90:10	The days of our years are threescore years and ten; and if by reason of strength they be fourscore years, yet is their strength labour and sorrow; for it is soon cut off, and we fly away.	
Psalms 90:12	So teach us to number our days, that we may apply our hearts unto wisdom.	
Psalms 90:13	Return, O LORD, how long? and let it repent thee concerning thy servants.	
Psalms 90:5	Thou carriest them away as with a flood; they are as a sleep: in the morning they are like grass which groweth up.	
Psalms 90:6	In the morning it flourisheth, and groweth up; in the evening it is cut down, and withereth.	
Psalms 90:9	For all our days are passed away in thy wrath: we spend our years as a tale that is told.	
Psalms 91:15	He shall call upon me, and I will answer him: I will be with him in trouble; I will deliver him, and honour him.	
Psalms 91:2	I will say of the LORD, He is my refuge and my fortress: my God; in him will I trust.	
Psalms 91:4	He shall cover thee with his feathers, and under his wings shalt thou trust: his truth shall be thy shield and buckler.	
Psalms 91:9	Because thou hast made the LORD, which is my refuge, even the most High, thy habitation;	
Psalms 92:1	IT IS A GOOD THING TO GIVE THANKS UNTO THE LORD, AND TO SING PRAISES UNTO THY NAME, O MOST HIGH:	
Psalms 92:12	The righteous shall flourish like the palm tree: he shall grow like a cedar in Lebanon.	
Psalms 92:15	To shew that the LORD is upright: he is my rock, and there is no unrighteousness in him.	
Psalms 92:2	To shew forth thy lovingkindness in the morning, and thy faithfulness every night,	
Psalms 92:7	When the wicked spring as the grass, and when all the workers of iniquity do flourish; it is that they shall be destroyed for ever:	
Psalms 92:9	For, lo, thine enemies, O LORD, for, lo, thine enemies shall perish; all the workers of iniquity shall be scattered.	
Psalms 93:4	The LORD on high is mightier than the noise of many waters, yea, than the mighty waves of the sea.	
Psalms 93:5	Thy testimonies are very sure: holiness becometh thine house, O LORD, for ever.	
Psalms 94:1	O Lord God, to whom vengeance belongeth; O God, to whom vengeance belongeth, shew thyself.	
Psalms 94:14	For the LORD will not cast off his people, neither will he forsake his inheritance.	
Psalms 94:15	But judgment shall return unto righteousness: and all the upright in heart shall follow it.	
Psalms 94:21	They gather themselves together against the soul of the righteous, and condemn the innocent blood.	
Psalms 94:4	How long shall they utter and speak hard things? and all the workers of iniquity boast themselves?	
Psalms 94:8	Understand, ye brutish among the people: and ye fools, when will ye be wise?	
Psalms 95:5	The sea is his, and he made it: and his hands formed the dry land.	
Psalms 95:6	O come, let us worship and bow down: let us kneel before the LORD our maker.	
Psalms 96:5	For all the gods of the nations are idols: but the LORD made the heavens.	
Psalms 97:12	Rejoice in the LORD, ye righteous; and give thanks at the remembrance of his holiness.	
Psalms 97:2	Clouds and darkness are round about him: righteousness and judgment are the habitation of his throne.	
Psalms 97:6	The heavens declare his righteousness, and all the people see his glory.	
Psalms 98:4	Make a joyful noise unto the LORD, all the earth: make a loud noise, and rejoice, and sing praise.	
Psalms 99:3	Let them praise thy great and terrible name; for it is holy.	
Psalms 99:9	Exalt the LORD our God, and worship at his holy hill; for the LORD our God is holy.	
Psalms 9:10	And they that know thy name will put their trust in thee: for thou, LORD, hast not forsaken them that seek thee.	
Psalms 9:16	The LORD is known by the judgment which he executeth: the wicked is snared in the work of his own hands. Higgaion. Selah.	
Psalms 9:9	The LORD also will be a refuge for the oppressed, a refuge in times of trouble.	
Revelation 10:11	And he said unto me, Thou must prophesy again before many peoples, and nations, and tongues, and kings.	
Revelation 10:8	And the voice which I heard from heaven spake unto me again, and said, Go and take the little book which is open in the hand of the angel which standeth upon the sea and upon the earth.	
Revelation 11:12	And they heard a great voice from heaven saying unto them, Come up hither. And they ascended up to heaven in a cloud; and their enemies beheld them.	
Revelation 11:13	And the same hour was there a great earthquake, and the tenth part of the city fell, and in the earthquake were slain of men seven thousand: and the remnant were affrighted, and gave glory to the God of heaven.	
Revelation 11:2	But the court which is without the temple leave out, and measure it not; for it is given unto the Gentiles: and the holy city shall they tread under foot forty and two months.	
Revelation 11:5	And if any man will hurt them, fire proceedeth out of their mouth, and devoureth their enemies: and if any man will hurt them, he must in this manner be killed.	
Revelation 12:1	And there appeared a great wonder in heaven; a woman clothed with the sun, and the moon under her feet, and upon her head a crown of twelve stars:	
Revelation 12:14	And to the woman were given two wings of a great eagle, that she might fly into the wilderness, into her place, where she is nourished for a time, and times, and half a time, from the face of the serpent.	
Revelation 12:17	And the dragon was wroth with the woman, and went to make war with the remnant of her seed, which keep the commandments of God, and have the testimony of Jesus Christ.	
Revelation 12:2	And she being with child cried, travailing in birth, and pained to be delivered.	
Revelation 12:3	And there appeared another wonder in heaven; and behold a great red dragon, having seven heads and ten horns, and seven crowns upon his heads.	
Revelation 12:6	And the woman fled into the wilderness, where she hath a place prepared of God, that they should feed her there a thousand two hundred and threescore days.	
Revelation 13:12	And he exerciseth all the power of the first beast before him, and causeth the earth and them which dwell therein to worship the first beast, whose deadly wound was healed.	
Revelation 13:15	And he had power to give life unto the image of the beast, that the image of the beast should both speak, and cause that as many as would not worship the image of the beast should be killed.	
Revelation 13:18	Here is wisdom. Let him that hath understanding count the number of the beast: for it is the number of a man; and his number is Six hundred threescore and six.	
Revelation 13:7	And it was given unto him to make war with the saints, and to overcome them: and power was given him over all kindreds, and tongues, and nations.	
Revelation 14:11	And the smoke of their torment ascendeth up for ever and ever: and they have no rest day nor night, who worship the beast and his image, and whosoever receiveth the mark of his name.	
Revelation 14:12	Here is the patience of the saints: here are they that keep the commandments of God, and the faith of Jesus.	
Revelation 14:16	And he that sat on the cloud thrust in his sickle on the earth; and the earth was reaped.	
Revelation 14:17	And another angel came out of the temple which is in heaven, he also having a sharp sickle.	
Revelation 14:19	And the angel thrust in his sickle into the earth, and gathered the vine of the earth, and cast it into the great winepress of the wrath of God.	
Revelation 14:20	And the winepress was trodden without the city, and blood came out of the winepress, even unto the horse bridles, by the space of a thousand and six hundred furlongs.	
Revelation 14:3	And they sung as it were a new song before the throne, and before the four beasts, and the elders: and no man could learn that song but the hundred and forty and four thousand, which were redeemed from the earth.	
Revelation 14:5	And in their mouth was found no guile: for they are without fault before the throne of God.	
Revelation 16:10	And the fifth angel poured out his vial upon the seat of the beast; and his kingdom was full of darkness; and they gnawed their tongues for pain,	
Revelation 16:12	And the sixth angel poured out his vial upon the great river Euphrates; and the water thereof was dried up, that the way of the kings of the east might be prepared.	
Revelation 16:14	For they are the spirits of devils, working miracles, which go forth unto the kings of the earth and of the whole world, to gather them to the battle of that great day of God Almighty.	
Revelation 16:17	And the seventh angel poured out his vial into the air; and there came a great voice out of the temple of heaven, from the throne, saying, It is done.	
Revelation 16:5	And I heard the angel of the waters say, Thou art righteous, O Lord, which art, and wast, and shalt be, because thou hast judged thus.	
Revelation 16:7	And I heard another out of the altar say, Even so, Lord God Almighty, true and righteous are thy judgments.	
Revelation 17:12	And the ten horns which thou sawest are ten kings, which have received no kingdom as yet; but receive power as kings one hour with the beast.	
Revelation 17:6	And I saw the woman drunken with the blood of the saints, and with the blood of the martyrs of Jesus: and when I saw her, I wondered with great admiration.	
Revelation 17:7	And the angel said unto me, Wherefore didst thou marvel? I will tell thee the mystery of the woman, and of the beast that carrieth her, which hath the seven heads and ten horns.	
Revelation 18:12	The merchandise of gold, and silver, and precious stones, and of pearls, and fine linen, and purple, and silk, and scarlet, and all thyine wood, and all manner vessels of ivory, and all manner vessels of most precious wood, and of brass, and iron, and marble,	
Revelation 18:13	And cinnamon, and odours, and ointments, and frankincense, and wine, and oil, and fine flour, and wheat, and beasts, and sheep, and horses, and chariots, and slaves, and souls of men.	
Revelation 18:22	And the voice of harpers, and musicians, and of pipers, and trumpeters, shall be heard no more at all in thee; and no craftsman, of whatsoever craft he be, shall be found any more in thee; and the sound of a millstone shall be heard no more at all in thee;	
Revelation 18:23	And the light of a candle shall shine no more at all in thee; and the voice of the bridegroom and of the bride shall be heard no more at all in thee: for thy merchants were the great men of the earth; for by thy sorceries were all nations deceived.	
Revelation 18:24	And in her was found the blood of prophets, and of saints, and of all that were slain upon the earth.	
Revelation 18:3	For all nations have drunk of the wine of the wrath of her fornication, and the kings of the earth have committed fornication with her, and the merchants of the earth are waxed rich through the abundance of her delicacies.	
Revelation 18:4	And I heard another voice from heaven, saying, Come out of her, my people, that ye be not partakers of her sins, and that ye receive not of her plagues.	
Revelation 18:8	Therefore shall her plagues come in one day, death, and mourning, and famine; and she shall be utterly burned with fire: for strong is the Lord God who judgeth her.	
Revelation 18:9	And the kings of the earth, who have committed fornication and lived deliciously with her, shall bewail her, and lament for her, when they shall see the smoke of her burning,	
Revelation 19:16	And he hath on his vesture and on his thigh a name written, KING OF KINGS, AND LORD OF LORDS.	
Revelation 19:17	And I saw an angel standing in the sun; and he cried with a loud voice, saying to all the fowls that fly in the midst of heaven, Come and gather yourselves together unto the supper of the great God;	
Revelation 19:20	And the beast was taken, and with him the false prophet that wrought miracles before him, with which he deceived them that had received the mark of the beast, and them that worshipped his image. These both were cast alive into a lake of fire burning with brimstone.	
Revelation 19:5	And a voice came out of the throne, saying, Praise our God, all ye his servants, and ye that fear him, both small and great.	
Revelation 19:6	And I heard as it were the voice of a great multitude, and as the voice of many waters, and as the voice of mighty thunderings, saying, Alleluia: for the Lord God omnipotent reigneth.	
Revelation 19:7	Let us be glad and rejoice, and give honour to him: for the marriage of the Lamb is come, and his wife hath made herself ready.	
Revelation 19:9	And he saith unto me, Write, Blessed are they which are called unto the marriage supper of the Lamb. And he saith unto me, These are the true sayings of God.	
Revelation 1:12	And I turned to see the voice that spake with me. And being turned, I saw seven golden candlesticks;	
Revelation 1:13	And in the midst of the seven candlesticks one like unto the Son of man, clothed with a garment down to the foot, and girt about the paps with a golden girdle.	
Revelation 1:14	His head and his hairs were white like wool, as white as snow; and his eyes were as a flame of fire;	
Revelation 1:17	And when I saw him, I fell at his feet as dead. And he laid his right hand upon me, saying unto me, Fear not; I am the first and the last:	
Revelation 1:6	And hath made us kings and priests unto God and his Father; to him be glory and dominion for ever and ever. Amen.	
Revelation 1:9	I John, who also am your brother, and companion in tribulation, and in the kingdom and patience of Jesus Christ, was in the isle that is called Patmos, for the word of God, and for the testimony of Jesus Christ.	
Revelation 20:15	And whosoever was not found written in the book of life was cast into the lake of fire.	
Revelation 20:2	And he laid hold on the dragon, that old serpent, which is the Devil, and Satan, and bound him a thousand years,	
Revelation 20:3	And cast him into the bottomless pit, and shut him up, and set a seal upon him, that he should deceive the nations no more, till the thousand years should be fulfilled: and after that he must be loosed a little season.	
Revelation 21:12	And had a wall great and high, and had twelve gates, and at the gates twelve angels, and names written thereon, which are the names of the twelve tribes of the children of Israel:	
Revelation 21:13	On the east three gates; on the north three gates; on the south three gates; and on the west three gates.	
Revelation 21:15	And he that talked with me had a golden reed to measure the city, and the gates thereof, and the wall thereof.	
Revelation 21:18	And the building of the wall of it was of jasper: and the city was pure gold, like unto clear glass.	
Revelation 21:19	And the foundations of the wall of the city were garnished with all manner of precious stones. The first foundation was jasper; the second, sapphire; the third, a chalcedony; the fourth, an emerald;	
Revelation 21:20	The fifth, sardonyx; the sixth, sardius; the seventh, chrysolyte; the eighth, beryl; the ninth, a topaz; the tenth, a chrysoprasus; the eleventh, a jacinth; the twelfth, an amethyst.	
Revelation 21:26	And they shall bring the glory and honour of the nations into it.	
Revelation 22:11	He that is unjust, let him be unjust still: and he which is filthy, let him be filthy still: and he that is righteous, let him be righteous still: and he that is holy, let him be holy still.	
Revelation 22:12	And, behold, I come quickly; and my reward is with me, to give every man according as his work shall be.	
Revelation 22:13	I am Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the end, the first and the last.	
Revelation 22:14	Blessed are they that do his commandments, that they may have right to the tree of life, and may enter in through the gates into the city.	
Revelation 22:15	For without are dogs, and sorcerers, and whoremongers, and murderers, and idolaters, and whosoever loveth and maketh a lie.	
Revelation 22:3	And there shall be no more curse: but the throne of God and of the Lamb shall be in it; and his servants shall serve him:	
Revelation 22:6	And he said unto me, These sayings are faithful and true: and the Lord God of the holy prophets sent his angel to shew unto his servants the things which must shortly be done.	
Revelation 22:7	Behold, I come quickly: blessed is he that keepeth the sayings of the prophecy of this book.	
Revelation 22:8	And I John saw these things, and heard them. And when I had heard and seen, I fell down to worship before the feet of the angel which shewed me these things.	
Revelation 22:9	Then saith he unto me, See thou do it not: for I am thy fellowservant, and of thy brethren the prophets, and of them which keep the sayings of this book: worship God.	
Revelation 2:10	Fear none of those things which thou shalt suffer: behold, the devil shall cast some of you into prison, that ye may be tried; and ye shall have tribulation ten days: be thou faithful unto death, and I will give thee a crown of life.	
Revelation 2:16	Repent; or else I will come unto thee quickly, and will fight against them with the sword of my mouth.	
Revelation 2:17	He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the churches; To him that overcometh will I give to eat of the hidden manna, and will give him a white stone, and in the stone a new name written, which no man knoweth saving he that receiveth it.	
Revelation 2:2	I know thy works, and thy labour, and thy patience, and how thou canst not bear them which are evil: and thou hast tried them which say they are apostles, and are not, and hast found them liars:	
Revelation 2:20	Notwithstanding I have a few things against thee, because thou sufferest that woman Jezebel, which calleth herself a prophetess, to teach and to seduce my servants to commit fornication, and to eat things sacrificed unto idols.	
Revelation 2:25	But that which ye have already hold fast till I come.	
Revelation 2:29	He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the churches.	
Revelation 2:5	Remember therefore from whence thou art fallen, and repent, and do the first works; or else I will come unto thee quickly, and will remove thy candlestick out of his place, except thou repent.	
Revelation 3:2	Be watchful, and strengthen the things which remain, that are ready to die: for I have not found thy works perfect before God.	
Revelation 3:22	He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the churches.	
Revelation 3:6	He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the churches.	
Revelation 4:1	After this I looked, and, behold, a door was opened in heaven: and the first voice which I heard was as it were of a trumpet talking with me; which said, Come up hither, and I will shew thee things which must be hereafter.	
Revelation 4:10	The four and twenty elders fall down before him that sat on the throne, and worship him that liveth for ever and ever, and cast their crowns before the throne, saying,	
Revelation 4:7	And the first beast was like a lion, and the second beast like a calf, and the third beast had a face as a man, and the fourth beast was like a flying eagle.	
Revelation 4:9	And when those beasts give glory and honour and thanks to him that sat on the throne, who liveth for ever and ever,	
Revelation 5:12	Saying with a loud voice, Worthy is the Lamb that was slain to receive power, and riches, and wisdom, and strength, and honour, and glory, and blessing.	
Revelation 6:1	And I saw when the Lamb opened one of the seals, and I heard, as it were the noise of thunder, one of the four beasts saying, Come and see.	
Revelation 6:13	And the stars of heaven fell unto the earth, even as a fig tree casteth her untimely figs, when she is shaken of a mighty wind.	
Revelation 6:15	And the kings of the earth, and the great men, and the rich men, and the chief captains, and the mighty men, and every bondman, and every free man, hid themselves in the dens and in the rocks of the mountains;	
Revelation 6:3	And when he had opened the second seal, I heard the second beast say, Come and see.	
Revelation 6:5	And when he had opened the third seal, I heard the third beast say, Come and see. And I beheld, and lo a black horse; and he that sat on him had a pair of balances in his hand.	
Revelation 6:8	And I looked, and behold a pale horse: and his name that sat on him was Death, and Hell followed with him. And power was given unto them over the fourth part of the earth, to kill with sword, and with hunger, and with death, and with the beasts of the earth.	
Revelation 7:10	And cried with a loud voice, saying, Salvation to our God which sitteth upon the throne, and unto the Lamb.	
Revelation 7:17	For the Lamb which is in the midst of the throne shall feed them, and shall lead them unto living fountains of waters: and God shall wipe away all tears from their eyes.	
Revelation 7:2	And I saw another angel ascending from the east, having the seal of the living God: and he cried with a loud voice to the four angels, to whom it was given to hurt the earth and the sea,	
Revelation 7:3	Saying, Hurt not the earth, neither the sea, nor the trees, till we have sealed the servants of our God in their foreheads.	
Revelation 8:4	And the smoke of the incense, which came with the prayers of the saints, ascended up before God out of the angel's hand.	
Revelation 9:13	And the sixth angel sounded, and I heard a voice from the four horns of the golden altar which is before God,	
Revelation 9:15	And the four angels were loosed, which were prepared for an hour, and a day, and a month, and a year, for to slay the third part of men.	
Revelation 9:20	And the rest of the men which were not killed by these plagues yet repented not of the works of their hands, that they should not worship devils, and idols of gold, and silver, and brass, and stone, and of wood: which neither can see, nor hear, nor walk:	
Romans 10:1	Brethren, my heart's desire and prayer to God for Israel is, that they might be saved.	
Romans 10:10	For with the heart man believeth unto righteousness; and with the mouth confession is made unto salvation.	
Romans 10:15	And how shall they preach, except they be sent? as it is written, How beautiful are the feet of them that preach the gospel of peace, and bring glad tidings of good things!	
Romans 10:19	But I say, Did not Israel know? First Moses saith, I will provoke you to jealousy by them that are no people, and by a foolish nation I will anger you.	
Romans 10:2	For I bear them record that they have a zeal of God, but not according to knowledge.	
Romans 10:5	For Moses describeth the righteousness which is of the law, That the man which doeth those things shall live by them.	
Romans 10:6	But the righteousness which is of faith speaketh on this wise, Say not in thine heart, Who shall ascend into heaven? (that is, to bring Christ down from above:)	
Romans 10:8	But what saith it? The word is nigh thee, even in thy mouth, and in thy heart: that is, the word of faith, which we preach;	
Romans 10:9	That if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine heart that God hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved.	
Romans 11:11	I say then, Have they stumbled that they should fall? God forbid: but rather through their fall salvation is come unto the Gentiles, for to provoke them to jealousy.	
Romans 11:16	For if the firstfruit be holy, the lump is also holy: and if the root be holy, so are the branches.	
Romans 11:17	And if some of the branches be broken off, and thou, being a wild olive tree, wert graffed in among them, and with them partakest of the root and fatness of the olive tree;	
Romans 11:18	Boast not against the branches. But if thou boast, thou bearest not the root, but the root thee.	
Romans 11:19	Thou wilt say then, The branches were broken off, that I might be graffed in.	
Romans 11:21	For if God spared not the natural branches, take heed lest he also spare not thee.	
Romans 11:25	For I would not, brethren, that ye should be ignorant of this mystery, lest ye should be wise in your own conceits; that blindness in part is happened to Israel, until the fulness of the Gentiles be come in.	
Romans 11:28	As concerning the gospel, they are enemies for your sakes: but as touching the election, they are beloved for the father's sakes.	
Romans 11:32	For God hath concluded them all in unbelief, that he might have mercy upon all.	
Romans 11:34	For who hath known the mind of the Lord? or who hath been his counsellor?	
Romans 12:14	Bless them which persecute you: bless, and curse not.	
Romans 12:19	Dearly beloved, avenge not yourselves, but rather give place unto wrath: for it is written, Vengeance is mine; I will repay, saith the Lord.	
Romans 12:2	And be not conformed to this world: but be ye transformed by the renewing of your mind, that ye may prove what is that good, and acceptable, and perfect, will of God.	
Romans 12:20	Therefore if thine enemy hunger, feed him; if he thirst, give him drink: for in so doing thou shalt heap coals of fire on his head.	
Romans 12:4	For as we have many members in one body, and all members have not the same office:	
Romans 12:7	Or ministry, let us wait on our ministering: or he that teacheth, on teaching;	
Romans 12:9	Let love be without dissimulation. Abhor that which is evil; cleave to that which is good.	
Romans 13:11	And that, knowing the time, that now it is high time to awake out of sleep: for now is our salvation nearer than when we believed.	
Romans 13:12	The night is far spent, the day is at hand: let us therefore cast off the works of darkness, and let us put on the armour of light.	
Romans 13:2	Whosoever therefore resisteth the power, resisteth the ordinance of God: and they that resist shall receive to themselves damnation.	
Romans 13:4	For he is the minister of God to thee for good. But if thou do that which is evil, be afraid; for he beareth not the sword in vain: for he is the minister of God, a revenger to execute wrath upon him that doeth evil.	
Romans 13:6	For for this cause pay ye tribute also: for they are God's ministers, attending continually upon this very thing.	
Romans 13:9	For this, Thou shalt not commit adultery, Thou shalt not kill, Thou shalt not steal, Thou shalt not bear false witness, Thou shalt not covet; and if there be any other commandment, it is briefly comprehended in this saying, namely, Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself.	
Romans 14:14	I know, and am persuaded by the Lord Jesus, that there is nothing unclean of itself: but to him that esteemeth any thing to be unclean, to him it is unclean.	
Romans 14:15	But if thy brother be grieved with thy meat, now walkest thou not charitably. Destroy not him with thy meat, for whom Christ died.	
Romans 14:18	For he that in these things serveth Christ is acceptable to God, and approved of men.	
Romans 14:20	For meat destroy not the work of God. All things indeed are pure; but it is evil for that man who eateth with offence.	
Romans 14:22	Hast thou faith? have it to thyself before God. Happy is he that condemneth not himself in that thing which he alloweth.	
Romans 14:4	Who art thou that judgest another man's servant? to his own master he standeth or falleth. Yea, he shall be holden up: for God is able to make him stand.	
Romans 14:8	For whether we live, we live unto the Lord; and whether we die, we die unto the Lord: whether we live therefore, or die, we are the Lord's.	
Romans 15:12	And again, Esaias saith, There shall be a root of Jesse, and he that shall rise to reign over the Gentiles; in him shall the Gentiles trust.	
Romans 15:14	And I myself also am persuaded of you, my brethren, that ye also are full of goodness, filled with all knowledge, able also to admonish one another.	
Romans 15:17	I have therefore whereof I may glory through Jesus Christ in those things which pertain to God.	
Romans 15:21	But as it is written, To whom he was not spoken of, they shall see: and they that have not heard shall understand.	
Romans 15:22	For which cause also I have been much hindered from coming to you.	
Romans 15:3	For even Christ pleased not himself; but, as it is written, The reproaches of them that reproached thee fell on me.	
Romans 15:32	That I may come unto you with joy by the will of God, and may with you be refreshed.	
Romans 15:33	Now the God of peace be with you all. Amen.	
Romans 15:6	That ye may with one mind and one mouth glorify God, even the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ.	
Romans 16:1	I commend unto you Phebe our sister, which is a servant of the church which is at Cenchrea:	
Romans 16:10	Salute Apelles approved in Christ. Salute them which are of Aristobulus' household.	
Romans 16:20	And the God of peace shall bruise Satan under your feet shortly. The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you. Amen.	
Romans 1:15	So, as much as in me is, I am ready to preach the gospel to you that are at Rome also.	
Romans 1:16	For I am not ashamed of the gospel of Christ: for it is the power of God unto salvation to every one that believeth; to the Jew first, and also to the Greek.	
Romans 1:18	For the wrath of God is revealed from heaven against all ungodliness and unrighteousness of men, who hold the truth in unrighteousness;	
Romans 1:23	And changed the glory of the uncorruptible God into an image made like to corruptible man, and to birds, and fourfooted beasts, and creeping things.	
Romans 1:24	Wherefore God also gave them up to uncleanness through the lusts of their own hearts, to dishonour their own bodies between themselves:	
Romans 1:29	Being filled with all unrighteousness, fornication, wickedness, covetousness, maliciousness; full of envy, murder, debate, deceit, malignity; whisperers,	
Romans 1:30	Backbiters, haters of God, despiteful, proud, boasters, inventors of evil things, disobedient to parents,	
Romans 1:31	Without understanding, covenantbreakers, without natural affection, implacable, unmerciful:	
Romans 2:16	In the day when God shall judge the secrets of men by Jesus Christ according to my gospel.	
Romans 2:19	And art confident that thou thyself art a guide of the blind, a light of them which are in darkness,	
Romans 2:21	Thou therefore which teachest another, teachest thou not thyself? thou that preachest a man should not steal, dost thou steal?	
Romans 2:3	And thinkest thou this, O man, that judgest them which do such things, and doest the same, that thou shalt escape the judgment of God?	
Romans 2:4	Or despisest thou the riches of his goodness and forbearance and longsuffering; not knowing that the goodness of God leadeth thee to repentance?	
Romans 2:6	Who will render to every man according to his deeds:	
Romans 2:8	But unto them that are contentious, and do not obey the truth, but obey unrighteousness, indignation and wrath,	
Romans 3:1	What advantage then hath the Jew? or what profit is there of circumcision?	
Romans 3:10	As it is written, There is none righteous, no, not one:	
Romans 3:14	Whose mouth is full of cursing and bitterness:	
Romans 3:20	Therefore by the deeds of the law there shall no flesh be justified in his sight: for by the law is the knowledge of sin.	
Romans 3:25	Whom God hath set forth to be a propitiation through faith in his blood, to declare his righteousness for the remission of sins that are past, through the forbearance of God;	
Romans 3:30	Seeing it is one God, which shall justify the circumcision by faith, and uncircumcision through faith.	
Romans 3:8	And not rather, (as we be slanderously reported, and as some affirm that we say,) Let us do evil, that good may come? whose damnation is just.	
Romans 4:10	How was it then reckoned? when he was in circumcision, or in uncircumcision? Not in circumcision, but in uncircumcision.	
Romans 4:16	Therefore it is of faith, that it might be by grace; to the end the promise might be sure to all the seed; not to that only which is of the law, but to that also which is of the faith of Abraham; who is the father of us all,	
Romans 4:6	Even as David also describeth the blessedness of the man, unto whom God imputeth righteousness without works,	
Romans 4:7	Saying, Blessed are they whose iniquities are forgiven, and whose sins are covered.	
Romans 5:10	For if, when we were enemies, we were reconciled to God by the death of his Son, much more, being reconciled, we shall be saved by his life.	
Romans 5:11	And not only so, but we also joy in God through our Lord Jesus Christ, by whom we have now received the atonement.	
Romans 5:14	Nevertheless death reigned from Adam to Moses, even over them that had not sinned after the similitude of Adam's transgression, who is the figure of him that was to come.	
Romans 5:18	Therefore as by the offence of one judgment came upon all men to condemnation; even so by the righteousness of one the free gift came upon all men unto justification of life.	
Romans 5:19	For as by one man's disobedience many were made sinners, so by the obedience of one shall many be made righteous.	
Romans 5:2	By whom also we have access by faith into this grace wherein we stand, and rejoice in hope of the glory of God.	
Romans 5:20	Moreover the law entered, that the offence might abound. But where sin abounded, grace did much more abound:	
Romans 6:15	What then? shall we sin, because we are not under the law, but under grace? God forbid.	
Romans 6:16	Know ye not, that to whom ye yield yourselves servants to obey, his servants ye are to whom ye obey; whether of sin unto death, or of obedience unto righteousness?	
Romans 6:20	For when ye were the servants of sin, ye were free from righteousness.	
Romans 7:21	I find then a law, that, when I would do good, evil is present with me.	
Romans 7:3	So then if, while her husband liveth, she be married to another man, she shall be called an adulteress: but if her husband be dead, she is free from that law; so that she is no adulteress, though she be married to another man.	
Romans 7:5	For when we were in the flesh, the motions of sins, which were by the law, did work in our members to bring forth fruit unto death.	
Romans 7:9	For I was alive without the law once: but when the commandment came, sin revived, and I died.	
Romans 8:17	And if children, then heirs; heirs of God, and joint-heirs with Christ; if so be that we suffer with him, that we may be also glorified together.	
Romans 8:18	For I reckon that the sufferings of this present time are not worthy to be compared with the glory which shall be revealed in us.	
Romans 8:22	For we know that the whole creation groaneth and travaileth in pain together until now.	
Romans 8:33	Who shall lay any thing to the charge of God's elect? It is God that justifieth.	
Romans 8:35	Who shall separate us from the love of Christ? shall tribulation, or distress, or persecution, or famine, or nakedness, or peril, or sword?	
Romans 8:6	For to be carnally minded is death; but to be spiritually minded is life and peace.	
Romans 9:16	So then it is not of him that willeth, nor of him that runneth, but of God that sheweth mercy.	
Romans 9:20	Nay but, O man, who art thou that repliest against God? Shall the thing formed say to him that formed it, Why hast thou made me thus?	
Romans 9:21	Hath not the potter power over the clay, of the same lump to make one vessel unto honour, and another unto dishonour?	
Romans 9:23	And that he might make known the riches of his glory on the vessels of mercy, which he had afore prepared unto glory,	
Romans 9:31	But Israel, which followed after the law of righteousness, hath not attained to the law of righteousness.	
Romans 9:5	Whose are the fathers, and of whom as concerning the flesh Christ came, who is over all, God blessed for ever. Amen.	
Romans 9:9	For this is the word of promise, At this time will I come, and Sarah shall have a son.	
Ruth 1:10	And they said unto her, Surely we will return with thee unto thy people.	
Ruth 1:11	And Naomi said, Turn again, my daughters: why will ye go with me? are there yet any more sons in my womb, that they may be your husbands?	
Ruth 1:14	And they lifted up their voice, and wept again: and Orpah kissed her mother in law; but Ruth clave unto her.	
Ruth 1:22	So Naomi returned, and Ruth the Moabitess, her daughter in law, with her, which returned out of the country of Moab: and they came to Bethlehem in the beginning of barley harvest.	
Ruth 1:5	And Mahlon and Chilion died also both of them; and the woman was left of her two sons and her husband.	
Ruth 1:7	Wherefore she went forth out of the place where she was, and her two daughters in law with her; and they went on the way to return unto the land of Judah.	
Ruth 2:15	And when she was risen up to glean, Boaz commanded his young men, saying, Let her glean even among the sheaves, and reproach her not:	
Ruth 2:18	And she took it up, and went into the city: and her mother in law saw what she had gleaned: and she brought forth, and gave to her that she had reserved after she was sufficed.	
Ruth 2:19	And her mother in law said unto her, Where hast thou gleaned to day? and where wroughtest thou? blessed be he that did take knowledge of thee. And she showed her mother in law with whom she had wrought, and said, The man's name with whom I wrought to day is Boaz.	
Ruth 2:23	So she kept fast by the maidens of Boaz to glean unto the end of barley harvest and of wheat harvest; and dwelt with her mother in law.	
Ruth 2:3	And she went, and came, and gleaned in the field after the reapers: and her hap was to light on a part of the field belonging unto Boaz, who was of the kindred of Elimelech.	
Ruth 2:7	And she said, I pray you, let me glean and gather after the reapers among the sheaves: so she came, and hath continued even from the morning until now, that she tarried a little in the house.	
Ruth 2:9	Let thine eyes be on the field that they do reap, and go thou after them: have I not charged the young men that they shall not touch thee? and when thou art athirst, go unto the vessels, and drink of that which the young men have drawn.	
Ruth 3:10	And he said, Blessed be thou of the LORD, my daughter: for thou hast showed more kindness in the latter end than at the beginning, inasmuch as thou followedst not young men, whether poor or rich.	
Ruth 3:11	And now, my daughter, fear not; I will do to thee all that thou requirest: for all the city of my people doth know that thou art a virtuous woman.	
Ruth 3:15	Also he said, Bring the vail that thou hast upon thee, and hold it. And when she held it, he measured six measures of barley, and laid it on her: and she went into the city.	
Ruth 3:16	And when she came to her mother in law, she said, Who art thou, my daughter? And she told her all that the man had done to her.	
Ruth 3:17	And she said, These six measures of barley gave he me; for he said to me, Go not empty unto thy mother in law.	
Ruth 3:18	Then said she, Sit still, my daughter, until thou know how the matter will fall: for the man will not be in rest, until he have finished the thing this day.	
Ruth 3:7	And when Boaz had eaten and drunk, and his heart was merry, he went to lie down at the end of the heap of corn: and she came softly, and uncovered his feet, and laid her down.	
Ruth 3:9	And he said, Who art thou? And she answered, I am Ruth thine handmaid: spread therefore thy skirt over thine handmaid; for thou art a near kinsman.	
Ruth 4:13	So Boaz took Ruth, and she was his wife: and when he went in unto her, the LORD gave her conception, and she bare a son.	
Ruth 4:17	And the women her neighbors gave it a name, saying, There is a son born to Naomi; and they called his name Obed: he is the father of Jesse, the father of David.	
Ruth 4:2	And he took ten men of the elders of the city, and said, Sit ye down here. And they sat down.	
Song of Solomon 1:1	The song of songs, which is Solomon's.	
Song of Solomon 1:13	A bundle of myrrh is my well-beloved unto me; he shall lie all night betwixt my breasts.	
Song of Solomon 1:2	Let him kiss me with the kisses of his mouth: for thy love is better than wine.	
Song of Solomon 1:8	If thou know not, O thou fairest among women, go thy way forth by the footsteps of the flock, and feed thy kids beside the shepherds' tents.	
Song of Solomon 2:12	The flowers appear on the earth; the time of the singing of birds is come, and the voice of the turtle is heard in our land;	
Song of Solomon 2:13	The fig tree putteth forth her green figs, and the vines with the tender grape give a good smell. Arise, my love, my fair one, and come away.	
Song of Solomon 2:14	O my dove, that art in the clefts of the rock, in the secret places of the stairs, let me see thy countenance, let me hear thy voice; for sweet is thy voice, and thy countenance is comely.	
Song of Solomon 2:3	As the apple tree among the trees of the wood, so is my beloved among the sons. I sat down under his shadow with great delight, and his fruit was sweet to my taste.	
Song of Solomon 2:9	My beloved is like a roe or a young hart: behold, he standeth behind our wall, he looketh forth at the windows, shewing himself through the lattice.	
Song of Solomon 3:11	Go forth, O ye daughters of Zion, and behold king Solomon with the crown wherewith his mother crowned him in the day of his espousals, and in the day of the gladness of his heart.	
Song of Solomon 4:11	Thy lips, O my spouse, drop as the honeycomb: honey and milk are under thy tongue; and the smell of thy garments is like the smell of Lebanon.	
Song of Solomon 4:16	Awake, O north wind; and come, thou south; blow upon my garden, that the spices thereof may flow out. Let my beloved come into his garden, and eat his pleasant fruits.	
Song of Solomon 4:2	Thy teeth are like a flock of sheep that are even shorn, which came up from the washing; whereof every one bear twins, and none is barren among them.	
Song of Solomon 5:11	His head is as the most fine gold, his locks are bushy, and black as a raven.	
Song of Solomon 5:12	His eyes are as the eyes of doves by the rivers of waters, washed with milk, and fitly set.	
Song of Solomon 5:13	His cheeks are as a bed of spices, as sweet flowers: his lips like lilies, dropping sweet smelling myrrh.	
Song of Solomon 5:15	His legs are as pillars of marble, set upon sockets of fine gold: his countenance is as Lebanon, excellent as the cedars.	
Song of Solomon 5:16	His mouth is most sweet: yea, he is altogether lovely. This is my beloved, and this is my friend, O daughters of Jerusalem.	
Song of Solomon 5:3	I have put off my coat; how shall I put it on? I have washed my feet; how shall I defile them?	
Song of Solomon 5:4	My beloved put in his hand by the hole of the door, and my bowels were moved for him.	
Song of Solomon 5:5	I rose up to open to my beloved; and my hands dropped with myrrh, and my fingers with sweet smelling myrrh, upon the handles of the lock.	
Song of Solomon 5:7	The watchmen that went about the city found me, they smote me, they wounded me; the keepers of the walls took away my veil from me.	
Song of Solomon 6:3	I am my beloved's, and my beloved is mine: he feedeth among the lilies.	
Song of Solomon 6:5	Turn away thine eyes from me, for they have overcome me: thy hair is as a flock of goats that appear from Gilead.	
Song of Solomon 6:8	There are threescore queens, and fourscore concubines, and virgins without number.	
Song of Solomon 7:11	Come, my beloved, let us go forth into the field; let us lodge in the villages.	
Song of Solomon 7:13	The mandrakes give a smell, and at our gates are all manner of pleasant fruits, new and old, which I have laid up for thee, O my beloved.	
Song of Solomon 7:5	Thine head upon thee is like Carmel, and the hair of thine head like purple; the king is held in the galleries.	
Song of Solomon 7:7	This thy stature is like to a palm tree, and thy breasts to clusters of grapes.	
Song of Solomon 8:1	O that thou wert as my brother, that sucked the breasts of my mother! when I should find thee without, I would kiss thee; yea, I should not be despised.	
Song of Solomon 8:3	His left hand should be under my head, and his right hand should embrace me.	
Titus 1:13	This witness is true. Wherefore rebuke them sharply, that they may be sound in the faith;	
Titus 2:13	Looking for that blessed hope, and the glorious appearing of the great God and our Saviour Jesus Christ;	
Titus 2:3	The aged women likewise, that they be in behaviour as becometh holiness, not false accusers, not given to much wine, teachers of good things;	
Titus 2:8	Sound speech, that cannot be condemned; that he that is of the contrary part may be ashamed, having no evil thing to say of you.	
Titus 3:13	Bring Zenas the lawyer and Apollos on their journey diligently, that nothing be wanting unto them.	
Titus 3:14	And let our's also learn to maintain good works for necessary uses, that they be not unfruitful.	
Titus 3:15	All that are with me salute thee. Greet them that love us in the faith. Grace be with you all. Amen.	
Titus 3:2	To speak evil of no man, to be no brawlers, but gentle, shewing all meekness unto all men.	
Titus 3:4	But after that the kindness and love of God our Saviour toward man appeared,	
Titus 3:8	This is a faithful saying, and these things I will that thou affirm constantly, that they which have believed in God might be careful to maintain good works. These things are good and profitable unto men.	
Zechariah 10:5	And they shall be as mighty men, which tread down their enemies in the mire of the streets in the battle: and they shall fight, because the LORD is with them, and the riders on horses shall be confounded.	
Zechariah 10:6	And I will strengthen the house of Judah, and I will save the house of Joseph, and I will bring them again to place them; for I have mercy upon them: and they shall be as though I had not cast them off: for I am the LORD their God, and will hear them.	
Zechariah 10:8	I will hiss for them, and gather them; for I have redeemed them: and they shall increase as they have increased.	
Zechariah 11:12	And I said unto them, If ye think good, give me my price; and if not, forbear. So they weighed for my price thirty pieces of silver.	
Zechariah 11:17	Woe to the idol shepherd that leaveth the flock! the sword shall be upon his arm, and upon his right eye: his arm shall be clean dried up, and his right eye shall be utterly darkened.	
Zechariah 12:7	The LORD also shall save the tents of Judah first, that the glory of the house of David and the glory of the inhabitants of Jerusalem do not magnify themselves against Judah.	
Zechariah 12:8	In that day shall the LORD defend the inhabitants of Jerusalem; and he that is feeble among them at that day shall be as David; and the house of David shall be as God, as the angel of the LORD before them.	
Zechariah 13:4	And it shall come to pass in that day, that the prophets shall be ashamed every one of his vision, when he hath prophesied; neither shall they wear a rough garment to deceive:	
Zechariah 13:8	And it shall come to pass, that in all the land, saith the LORD, two parts therein shall be cut off and die; but the third shall be left therein.	
Zechariah 14:11	And men shall dwell in it, and there shall be no more utter destruction; but Jerusalem shall be safely inhabited.	
Zechariah 14:18	And if the family of Egypt go not up, and come not, that have no rain; there shall be the plague, wherewith the LORD will smite the heathen that come not up to keep the feast of tabernacles.	
Zechariah 14:6	And it shall come to pass in that day, that the light shall not be clear, nor dark:	
Zechariah 1:12	Then the angel of the LORD answered and said, O LORD of hosts, how long wilt thou not have mercy on Jerusalem and on the cities of Judah, against which thou hast had indignation these threescore and ten years?	
Zechariah 1:16	Therefore thus saith the LORD; I am returned to Jerusalem with mercies: my house shall be built in it, saith the LORD of hosts, and a line shall be stretched forth upon Jerusalem.	
Zechariah 1:19	And I said unto the angel that talked with me, What be these? And he answered me, These are the horns which have scattered Judah, Israel, and Jerusalem.	
Zechariah 1:20	And the LORD shewed me four carpenters.	
Zechariah 2:6	Ho, ho, come forth, and flee from the land of the north, saith the LORD: for I have spread you abroad as the four winds of the heaven, saith the LORD.	
Zechariah 3:1	And he shewed me Joshua the high priest standing before the angel of the LORD, and Satan standing at his right hand to resist him.	
Zechariah 3:2	And the LORD said unto Satan, The LORD rebuke thee, O Satan; even the LORD that hath chosen Jerusalem rebuke thee: is not this a brand plucked out of the fire?	
Zechariah 3:5	And I said, Let them set a fair mitre upon his head. So they set a fair mitre upon his head, and clothed him with garments. And the angel of the LORD stood by.	
Zechariah 4:11	Then answered I, and said unto him, What are these two olive trees upon the right side of the candlestick and upon the left side thereof?	
Zechariah 5:2	And he said unto me, What seest thou? And I answered, I see a flying roll; the length thereof is twenty cubits, and the breadth thereof ten cubits.	
Zechariah 5:4	I will bring it forth, saith the LORD of hosts, and it shall enter into the house of the thief, and into the house of him that sweareth falsely by my name: and it shall remain in the midst of his house, and shall consume it with the timber thereof and the stones thereof.	
Zechariah 5:5	Then the angel that talked with me went forth, and said unto me, Lift up now thine eyes, and see what is this that goeth forth.	
Zechariah 5:8	And he said, This is wickedness. And he cast it into the midst of the ephah; and he cast the weight of lead upon the mouth thereof.	
Zechariah 5:9	Then lifted I up mine eyes, and looked, and, behold, there came out two women, and the wind was in their wings; for they had wings like the wings of a stork: and they lifted up the ephah between the earth and the heaven.	
Zechariah 6:1	And I turned, and lifted up mine eyes, and looked, and, behold, there came four chariots out from between two mountains; and the mountains were mountains of brass.	
Zechariah 6:15	And they that are far off shall come and build in the temple of the LORD, and ye shall know that the LORD of hosts hath sent me unto you. And this shall come to pass, if ye will diligently obey the voice of the LORD your God.	
Zechariah 6:3	And in the third chariot white horses; and in the fourth chariot grisled and bay horses.	
Zechariah 6:5	And the angel answered and said unto me, These are the four spirits of the heavens, which go forth from standing before the LORD of all the earth.	
Zechariah 6:6	The black horses which are therein go forth into the north country; and the white go forth after them; and the grisled go forth toward the south country.	
Zechariah 6:8	Then cried he upon me, and spake unto me, saying, Behold, these that go toward the north country have quieted my spirit in the north country.	
Zechariah 7:1	And it came to pass in the fourth year of king Darius, that the word of the LORD came unto Zechariah in the fourth day of the ninth month, even in Chisleu;	
Zechariah 7:10	And oppress not the widow, nor the fatherless, the stranger, nor the poor; and let none of you imagine evil against his brother in your heart.	
Zechariah 7:13	Therefore it is come to pass, that as he cried, and they would not hear; so they cried, and I would not hear, saith the LORD of hosts:	
Zechariah 7:4	Then came the word of the LORD of hosts unto me, saying,	
Zechariah 7:5	Speak unto all the people of the land, and to the priests, saying, When ye fasted and mourned in the fifth and seventh month, even those seventy years, did ye at all fast unto me, even to me?	
Zechariah 8:1	Again the word of the LORD of hosts came to me, saying,	
Zechariah 8:10	For before these days there was no hire for man, nor any hire for beast; neither was there any peace to him that went out or came in because of the affliction: for I set all men every one against his neighbour.	
Zechariah 8:13	And it shall come to pass, that as ye were a curse among the heathen, O house of Judah, and house of Israel; so will I save you, and ye shall be a blessing: fear not, but let your hands be strong.	
Zechariah 8:20	Thus saith the LORD of hosts; It shall yet come to pass, that there shall come people, and the inhabitants of many cities:	
Zechariah 8:6	Thus saith the LORD of hosts; If it be marvellous in the eyes of the remnant of this people in these days, should it also be marvellous in mine eyes? saith the LORD of hosts.	
Zechariah 9:1	The burden of the word of the LORD in the land of Hadrach, and Damascus shall be the rest thereof: when the eyes of man, as of all the tribes of Israel, shall be toward the LORD.	
Zechariah 9:10	And I will cut off the chariot from Ephraim, and the horse from Jerusalem, and the battle bow shall be cut off: and he shall speak peace unto the heathen: and his dominion shall be from sea even to sea, and from the river even to the ends of the earth.	
Zechariah 9:16	And the LORD their God shall save them in that day as the flock of his people: for they shall be as the stones of a crown, lifted up as an ensign upon his land.	
Zechariah 9:3	And Tyrus did build herself a strong hold, and heaped up silver as the dust, and fine gold as the mire of the streets.	
Zechariah 9:4	Behold, the LORD will cast her out, and he will smite her power in the sea; and she shall be devoured with fire.	
Zechariah 9:8	And I will encamp about mine house because of the army, because of him that passeth by, and because of him that returneth: and no oppressor shall pass through them any more: for now have I seen with mine eyes.	
Zephaniah 1:10	And it shall come to pass in that day, saith the LORD, that there shall be the noise of a cry from the fish gate, and an howling from the second, and a great crashing from the hills.	
Zephaniah 1:14	The great day of the LORD is near, it is near, and hasteth greatly, even the voice of the day of the LORD: the mighty man shall cry there bitterly.	
Zephaniah 1:15	That day is a day of wrath, a day of trouble and distress, a day of wasteness and desolation, a day of darkness and gloominess, a day of clouds and thick darkness,	
Zephaniah 1:6	And them that are turned back from the LORD; and those that have not sought the LORD, nor enquired for him.	
Zephaniah 1:8	And it shall come to pass in the day of the LORD's sacrifice, that I will punish the princes, and the king's children, and all such as are clothed with strange apparel.	
Zephaniah 1:9	In the same day also will I punish all those that leap on the threshold, which fill their masters' houses with violence and deceit.	
Zephaniah 2:10	This shall they have for their pride, because they have reproached and magnified themselves against the people of the LORD of hosts.	
Zephaniah 2:11	The LORD will be terrible unto them: for he will famish all the gods of the earth; and men shall worship him, every one from his place, even all the isles of the heathen.	
Zephaniah 2:13	And he will stretch out his hand against the north, and destroy Assyria; and will make Nineveh a desolation, and dry like a wilderness.	
Zephaniah 2:9	Therefore as I live, saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel, Surely Moab shall be as Sodom, and the children of Ammon as Gomorrah, even the breeding of nettles, and saltpits, and a perpetual desolation: the residue of my people shall spoil them, and the remnant of my people shall possess them.	
Zephaniah 3:1	Woe to her that is filthy and polluted, to the oppressing city!	
Zephaniah 3:10	From beyond the rivers of Ethiopia my suppliants, even the daughter of my dispersed, shall bring mine offering.	
Zephaniah 3:15	The LORD hath taken away thy judgments, he hath cast out thine enemy: the king of Israel, even the LORD, is in the midst of thee: thou shalt not see evil any more.	
Zephaniah 3:16	In that day it shall be said to Jerusalem, Fear thou not: and to Zion, Let not thine hands be slack.	
Zephaniah 3:18	I will gather them that are sorrowful for the solemn assembly, who are of thee, to whom the reproach of it was a burden.	
Zephaniah 3:20	At that time will I bring you again, even in the time that I gather you: for I will make you a name and a praise among all people of the earth, when I turn back your captivity before your eyes, saith the LORD.	
Zephaniah 3:5	The just LORD is in the midst thereof; he will not do iniquity: every morning doth he bring his judgment to light, he faileth not; but the unjust knoweth no shame.	
