1 Chronicles 10:4	Then said Saul to his armourbearer, Draw thy sword, and thrust me through therewith; lest these uncircumcised come and abuse me. But his armourbearer would not; for he was sore afraid. So Saul took a sword, and fell upon it.	
1 Chronicles 10:6	So Saul died, and his three sons, and all his house died together.	
1 Chronicles 11:1	Then all Israel gathered themselves to David unto Hebron, saying, Behold, we are thy bone and thy flesh.	
1 Chronicles 11:11	And this is the number of the mighty men whom David had; Jashobeam, an Hachmonite, the chief of the captains: he lifted up his spear against three hundred slain by him at one time.	
1 Chronicles 11:16	And David was then in the hold, and the Philistines' garrison was then at Bethlehem.	
1 Chronicles 11:19	And said, My God forbid it me, that I should do this thing: shall I drink the blood of these men that have put their lives in jeopardy? for with the jeopardy of their lives they brought it. Therefore he would not drink it. These things did these three mightiest.	
1 Chronicles 11:21	Of the three, he was more honorable than the two; for he was their captain: howbeit he attained not to the first three.	
1 Chronicles 11:27	Shammoth the Harorite, Helez the Pelonite,	
1 Chronicles 11:28	Ira the son of Ikkesh the Tekoite, Abiezer the Antothite,	
1 Chronicles 11:34	The sons of Hashem the Gizonite, Jonathan the son of Shage the Hararite,	
1 Chronicles 11:37	Hezro the Carmelite, Naarai the son of Ezbai,	
1 Chronicles 11:45	Jediael the son of Shimri, and Joha his brother, the Tizite,	
1 Chronicles 11:47	Eliel, and Obed, and Jasiel the Mesobaite.	
1 Chronicles 11:5	And the inhabitants of Jebus said to David, Thou shalt not come hither. Nevertheless David took the castle of Zion, which is the city of David.	
1 Chronicles 11:6	And David said, Whosoever smiteth the Jebusites first shall be chief and captain. So Joab the son of Zeruiah went first up, and was chief.	
1 Chronicles 12:11	Attai the sixth, Eliel the seventh,	
1 Chronicles 12:18	Then the spirit came upon Amasai, who was chief of the captains, and he said, Thine are we, David, and on thy side, thou son of Jesse: peace, peace be unto thee, and peace be to thine helpers; for thy God helpeth thee. Then David received them, and made them captains of the band.	
1 Chronicles 12:2	They were armed with bows, and could use both the right hand and the left in hurling stones and shooting arrows out of a bow, even of Saul's brethren of Benjamin.	
1 Chronicles 12:21	And they helped David against the band of the rovers: for they were all mighty men of valor, and were captains in the host.	
1 Chronicles 12:22	For at that time day by day there came to David to help him, until it was a great host, like the host of God.	
1 Chronicles 12:23	And these are the numbers of the bands that were ready armed to the war, and came to David to Hebron, to turn the kingdom of Saul to him, according to the word of the LORD.	
1 Chronicles 12:25	Of the children of Simeon, mighty men of valor for the war, seven thousand and one hundred.	
1 Chronicles 12:27	And Jehoiada was the leader of the Aaronites, and with him were three thousand and seven hundred;	
1 Chronicles 12:33	Of Zebulun, such as went forth to battle, expert in war, with all instruments of war, fifty thousand, which could keep rank: they were not of double heart.	
1 Chronicles 12:40	Moreover they that were nigh them, even unto Issachar and Zebulun and Naphtali, brought bread on asses, and on camels, and on mules, and on oxen, and meat, meal, cakes of figs, and bunches of raisins, and wine, and oil, and oxen, and sheep abundantly: for there was joy in Israel.	
1 Chronicles 12:5	Eluzai, and Jerimoth, and Bealiah, and Shemariah, and Shephatiah the Haruphite,	
1 Chronicles 12:6	Elkanah, and Jesiah, and Azareel, and Joezer, and Jashobeam, the Korhites,	
1 Chronicles 13:3	And let us bring again the ark of our God to us: for we inquired not at it in the days of Saul.	
1 Chronicles 13:5	So David gathered all Israel together, from Shihor of Egypt even unto the entering of Hemath, to bring the ark of God from Kirjathjearim.	
1 Chronicles 13:6	And David went up, and all Israel, to Baalah, that is, to Kirjathjearim, which belonged to Judah, to bring up thence the ark of God the LORD, that dwelleth between the cherubim, whose name is called on it.	
1 Chronicles 14:13	And the Philistines yet again spread themselves abroad in the valley.	
1 Chronicles 14:17	And the fame of David went out into all lands; and the LORD brought the fear of him upon all nations.	
1 Chronicles 14:3	And David took more wives at Jerusalem: and David begat more sons and daughters.	
1 Chronicles 15:15	And the children of the Levites bare the ark of God upon their shoulders with the staves thereon, as Moses commanded according to the word of the LORD.	
1 Chronicles 15:17	So the Levites appointed Heman the son of Joel; and of his brethren, Asaph the son of Berechiah; and of the sons of Merari their brethren, Ethan the son of Kushaiah;	
1 Chronicles 15:18	And with them their brethren of the second degree, Zechariah, Ben, and Jaaziel, and Shemiramoth, and Jehiel, and Unni, Eliab, and Benaiah, and Maaseiah, and Mattithiah, and Elipheleh, and Mikneiah, and Obededom, and Jeiel, the porters.	
1 Chronicles 15:19	So the singers, Heman, Asaph, and Ethan, were appointed to sound with cymbals of brass;	
1 Chronicles 15:20	And Zechariah, and Aziel, and Shemiramoth, and Jehiel, and Unni, and Eliab, and Maaseiah, and Benaiah, with psalteries on Alamoth;	
1 Chronicles 15:7	Of the sons of Gershom; Joel the chief and his brethren an hundred and thirty:	
1 Chronicles 15:8	Of the sons of Elizaphan; Shemaiah the chief, and his brethren two hundred:	
1 Chronicles 16:10	Glory ye in his holy name: let the heart of them rejoice that seek the LORD.	
1 Chronicles 16:11	Seek the LORD and his strength, seek his face continually.	
1 Chronicles 16:12	Remember his marvelous works that he hath done, his wonders, and the judgments of his mouth;	
1 Chronicles 16:14	He is the LORD our God; his judgments are in all the earth.	
1 Chronicles 16:21	He suffered no man to do them wrong: yea, he reproved kings for their sakes,	
1 Chronicles 16:23	Sing unto the LORD, all the earth; show forth from day to day his salvation.	
1 Chronicles 16:24	Declare his glory among the heathen; his marvelous works among all nations.	
1 Chronicles 16:28	Give unto the LORD, ye kindred of the people, give unto the LORD glory and strength.	
1 Chronicles 16:3	And he dealt to every one of Israel, both man and woman, to every one a loaf of bread, and a good piece of flesh, and a flagon of wine.	
1 Chronicles 16:33	Then shall the trees of the wood sing out at the presence of the LORD, because he cometh to judge the earth.	
1 Chronicles 16:5	Asaph the chief, and next to him Zechariah, Jeiel, and Shemiramoth, and Jehiel, and Mattithiah, and Eliab, and Benaiah, and Obededom: and Jeiel with psalteries and with harps; but Asaph made a sound with cymbals;	
1 Chronicles 16:7	Then on that day David delivered first this psalm to thank the LORD into the hand of Asaph and his brethren.	
1 Chronicles 16:8	Give thanks unto the LORD, call upon his name, make known his deeds among the people.	
1 Chronicles 17:12	He shall build me an house, and I will stablish his throne for ever.	
1 Chronicles 17:14	But I will settle him in mine house and in my kingdom for ever: and his throne shall be established for evermore.	
1 Chronicles 17:15	According to all these words, and according to all this vision, so did Nathan speak unto David.	
1 Chronicles 17:2	Then Nathan said unto David, Do all that is in thine heart; for God is with thee.	
1 Chronicles 17:20	O LORD, there is none like thee, neither is there any God beside thee, according to all that we have heard with our ears.	
1 Chronicles 17:21	And what one nation in the earth is like thy people Israel, whom God went to redeem to be his own people, to make thee a name of greatness and terribleness, by driving out nations from before thy people whom thou hast redeemed out of Egypt?	
1 Chronicles 17:24	Let it even be established, that thy name may be magnified for ever, saying, The LORD of hosts is the God of Israel, even a God to Israel: and let the house of David thy servant be established before thee.	
1 Chronicles 17:6	Wheresoever I have walked with all Israel, spake I a word to any of the judges of Israel, whom I commanded to feed my people, saying, Why have ye not built me an house of cedars?	
1 Chronicles 17:7	Now therefore thus shalt thou say unto my servant David, Thus saith the LORD of hosts, I took thee from the sheepcote, even from following the sheep, that thou shouldest be ruler over my people Israel:	
1 Chronicles 17:8	And I have been with thee whithersoever thou hast walked, and have cut off all thine enemies from before thee, and have made thee a name like the name of the great men that are in the earth.	
1 Chronicles 18:12	Moreover Abishai the son of Zeruiah slew of the Edomites in the valley of salt eighteen thousand.	
1 Chronicles 18:15	And Joab the son of Zeruiah was over the host; and Jehoshaphat the son of Ahilud, recorder.	
1 Chronicles 18:17	And Benaiah the son of Jehoiada was over the Cherethites and the Pelethites; and the sons of David were chief about the king.	
1 Chronicles 18:3	And David smote Hadarezer king of Zobah unto Hamath, as he went to stablish his dominion by the river Euphrates.	
1 Chronicles 19:14	So Joab and the people that were with him drew nigh before the Syrians unto the battle; and they fled before him.	
1 Chronicles 19:17	And it was told David; and he gathered all Israel, and passed over Jordan, and came upon them, and set the battle in array against them. So when David had put the battle in array against the Syrians, they fought with him.	
1 Chronicles 19:19	And when the servants of Hadarezer saw that they were put to the worse before Israel, they made peace with David, and became his servants: neither would the Syrians help the children of Ammon any more.	
1 Chronicles 19:2	And David said, I will show kindness unto Hanun the son of Nahash, because his father showed kindness to me. And David sent messengers to comfort him concerning his father. So the servants of David came into the land of the children of Ammon to Hanun, to comfort him.	
1 Chronicles 19:3	But the princes of the children of Ammon said to Hanun, Thinkest thou that David doth honor thy father, that he hath sent comforters unto thee? are not his servants come unto thee for to search, and to overthrow, and to spy out the land?	
1 Chronicles 19:4	Wherefore Hanun took David's servants, and shaved them, and cut off their garments in the midst hard by their buttocks, and sent them away.	
1 Chronicles 19:5	Then there went certain, and told David how the men were served. And he sent to meet them: for the men were greatly ashamed. And the king said, Tarry at Jericho until your beards be grown, and then return.	
1 Chronicles 19:9	And the children of Ammon came out, and put the battle in array before the gate of the city: and the kings that were come were by themselves in the field.	
1 Chronicles 1:1	Adam, Sheth, Enosh,	
1 Chronicles 1:15	And the Hivite, and the Arkite, and the Sinite,	
1 Chronicles 1:16	And the Arvadite, and the Zemarite, and the Hamathite.	
1 Chronicles 1:2	Kenan, Mahalaleel, Jered,	
1 Chronicles 1:28	The sons of Abraham; Isaac, and Ishmael.	
1 Chronicles 1:33	And the sons of Midian; Ephah, and Epher, and Henoch, and Abida, and Eldaah. All these are the sons of Keturah.	
1 Chronicles 1:36	The sons of Eliphaz; Teman, and Omar, Zephi, and Gatam, Kenaz, and Timna, and Amalek.	
1 Chronicles 1:38	And the sons of Seir; Lotan, and Shobal, and Zibeon, and Anah, and Dishon, and Ezar, and Dishan.	
1 Chronicles 1:39	And the sons of Lotan; Hori, and Homam: and Timna was Lotan's sister.	
1 Chronicles 1:49	And when Shaul was dead, Baalhanan the son of Achbor reigned in his stead.	
1 Chronicles 1:54	Duke Magdiel, duke Iram. These are the dukes of Edom.	
1 Chronicles 1:6	And the sons of Gomer; Ashchenaz, and Riphath, and Togarmah.	
1 Chronicles 21:15	And God sent an angel unto Jerusalem to destroy it: and as he was destroying, the LORD beheld, and he repented him of the evil, and said to the angel that destroyed, It is enough, stay now thine hand. And the angel of the LORD stood by the threshingfloor of Ornan the Jebusite.	
1 Chronicles 21:2	And David said to Joab and to the rulers of the people, Go, number Israel from Beersheba even to Dan; and bring the number of them to me, that I may know it.	
1 Chronicles 21:21	And as David came to Ornan, Ornan looked and saw David, and went out of the threshingfloor, and bowed himself to David with his face to the ground.	
1 Chronicles 21:25	So David gave to Ornan for the place six hundred shekels of gold by weight.	
1 Chronicles 21:27	And the LORD commanded the angel; and he put up his sword again into the sheath thereof.	
1 Chronicles 21:29	For the tabernacle of the LORD, which Moses made in the wilderness, and the altar of the burnt offering, were at that season in the high place at Gibeon.	
1 Chronicles 21:7	And God was displeased with this thing; therefore he smote Israel.	
1 Chronicles 21:8	And David said unto God, I have sinned greatly, because I have done this thing: but now, I beseech thee, do away the iniquity of thy servant; for I have done very foolishly.	
1 Chronicles 22:11	Now, my son, the LORD be with thee; and prosper thou, and build the house of the LORD thy God, as he hath said of thee.	
1 Chronicles 22:12	Only the LORD give thee wisdom and understanding, and give thee charge concerning Israel, that thou mayest keep the law of the LORD thy God.	
1 Chronicles 22:6	Then he called for Solomon his son, and charged him to build an house for the LORD God of Israel.	
1 Chronicles 22:8	But the word of the LORD came to me, saying, Thou hast shed blood abundantly, and hast made great wars: thou shalt not build an house unto my name, because thou hast shed much blood upon the earth in my sight.	
1 Chronicles 23:1	So when David was old and full of days, he made Solomon his son king over Israel.	
1 Chronicles 23:16	Of the sons of Gershom, Shebuel was the chief.	
1 Chronicles 23:18	Of the sons of Izhar; Shelomith the chief.	
1 Chronicles 23:20	Of the sons of Uzziel; Micah the first and Jesiah the second.	
1 Chronicles 23:24	These were the sons of Levi after the house of their fathers; even the chief of the fathers, as they were counted by number of names by their polls, that did the work for the service of the house of the LORD, from the age of twenty years and upward.	
1 Chronicles 23:26	And also unto the Levites; they shall no more carry the tabernacle, nor any vessels of it for the service thereof.	
1 Chronicles 23:6	And David divided them into courses among the sons of Levi, namely, Gershon, Kohath, and Merari.	
1 Chronicles 24:10	The seventh to Hakkoz, the eighth to Abijah,	
1 Chronicles 24:13	The thirteenth to Huppah, the fourteenth to Jeshebeab,	
1 Chronicles 24:18	The three and twentieth to Delaiah, the four and twentieth to Maaziah.	
1 Chronicles 24:20	And the rest of the sons of Levi were these: Of the sons of Amram; Shubael: of the sons of Shubael; Jehdeiah.	
1 Chronicles 24:23	And the sons of Hebron; Jeriah the first, Amariah the second, Jahaziel the third, Jekameam the fourth.	
1 Chronicles 24:26	The sons of Merari were Mahli and Mushi: the sons of Jaaziah; Beno.	
1 Chronicles 24:3	And David distributed them, both Zadok of the sons of Eleazar, and Ahimelech of the sons of Ithamar, according to their offices in their service.	
1 Chronicles 24:31	These likewise cast lots over against their brethren the sons of Aaron in the presence of David the king, and Zadok, and Ahimelech, and the chief of the fathers of the priests and Levites, even the principal fathers over against their younger brethren.	
1 Chronicles 24:9	The fifth to Malchijah, the sixth to Mijamin,	
1 Chronicles 25:10	The third to Zaccur, he, his sons, and his brethren, were twelve:	
1 Chronicles 25:15	The eighth to Jeshaiah, he, his sons, and his brethren, were twelve:	
1 Chronicles 25:18	The eleventh to Azareel, he, his sons, and his brethren, were twelve:	
1 Chronicles 25:21	The fourteenth to Mattithiah, he, his sons, and his brethren, were twelve:	
1 Chronicles 25:31	The four and twentieth to Romamtiezer, he, his sons, and his brethren, were twelve.	
1 Chronicles 25:8	And they cast lots, ward against ward, as well the small as the great, the teacher as the scholar.	
1 Chronicles 25:9	Now the first lot came forth for Asaph to Joseph: the second to Gedaliah, who with his brethren and sons were twelve:	
1 Chronicles 26:10	Also Hosah, of the children of Merari, had sons; Simri the chief, (for though he was not the firstborn, yet his father made him the chief;)	
1 Chronicles 26:14	And the lot eastward fell to Shelemiah. Then for Zechariah his son, a wise counselor, they cast lots; and his lot came out northward.	
1 Chronicles 26:15	To Obededom southward; and to his sons the house of Asuppim.	
1 Chronicles 26:17	Eastward were six Levites, northward four a day, southward four a day, and toward Asuppim two and two.	
1 Chronicles 26:22	The sons of Jehieli; Zetham, and Joel his brother, which were over the treasures of the house of the LORD.	
1 Chronicles 26:28	And all that Samuel the seer, and Saul the son of Kish, and Abner the son of Ner, and Joab the son of Zeruiah, had dedicated; and whosoever had dedicated any thing, it was under the hand of Shelomith, and of his brethren.	
1 Chronicles 26:30	And of the Hebronites, Hashabiah and his brethren, men of valor, a thousand and seven hundred, were officers among them of Israel on this side Jordan westward in all the business of the LORD, and in the service of the king.	
1 Chronicles 26:31	Among the Hebronites was Jerijah the chief, even among the Hebronites, according to the generations of his fathers. In the fortieth year of the reign of David they were sought for, and there were found among them mighty men of valor at Jazer of Gilead.	
1 Chronicles 26:4	Moreover the sons of Obededom were, Shemaiah the firstborn, Jehozabad the second, Joah the third, and Sacar the fourth, and Nethaneel the fifth.	
1 Chronicles 26:5	Ammiel the sixth, Issachar the seventh, Peulthai the eighth: for God blessed him.	
1 Chronicles 27:12	The ninth captain for the ninth month was Abiezer the Anetothite, of the Benjamites: and in his course were twenty and four thousand.	
1 Chronicles 27:19	Of Zebulun, Ishmaiah the son of Obadiah: of Naphtali, Jerimoth the son of Azriel:	
1 Chronicles 27:21	Of the half tribe of Manasseh in Gilead, Iddo the son of Zechariah: of Benjamin, Jaasiel the son of Abner:	
1 Chronicles 27:26	And over them that did the work of the field for tillage of the ground was Ezri the son of Chelub:	
1 Chronicles 27:28	And over the olive trees and the sycamore trees that were in the low plains was Baalhanan the Gederite: and over the cellars of oil was Joash:	
1 Chronicles 27:5	The third captain of the host for the third month was Benaiah the son of Jehoiada, a chief priest: and in his course were twenty and four thousand.	
1 Chronicles 27:8	The fifth captain for the fifth month was Shamhuth the Izrahite: and in his course were twenty and four thousand.	
1 Chronicles 28:10	Take heed now; for the LORD hath chosen thee to build an house for the sanctuary: be strong, and do it.	
1 Chronicles 28:12	And the pattern of all that he had by the spirit, of the courts of the house of the LORD, and of all the chambers round about, of the treasuries of the house of God, and of the treasuries of the dedicated things:	
1 Chronicles 28:13	Also for the courses of the priests and the Levites, and for all the work of the service of the house of the LORD, and for all the vessels of service in the house of the LORD.	
1 Chronicles 28:18	And for the altar of incense refined gold by weight; and gold for the pattern of the chariot of the cherubim, that spread out their wings, and covered the ark of the covenant of the LORD.	
1 Chronicles 28:21	And, behold, the courses of the priests and the Levites, even they shall be with thee for all the service of the house of God: and there shall be with thee for all manner of workmanship every willing skillful man, for any manner of service: also the princes and all the people will be wholly at thy commandment.	
1 Chronicles 28:3	But God said unto me, Thou shalt not build an house for my name, because thou hast been a man of war, and hast shed blood.	
1 Chronicles 28:6	And he said unto me, Solomon thy son, he shall build my house and my courts: for I have chosen him to be my son, and I will be his father.	
1 Chronicles 28:9	And thou, Solomon my son, know thou the God of thy father, and serve him with a perfect heart and with a willing mind: for the LORD searcheth all hearts, and understandeth all the imaginations of the thoughts: if thou seek him, he will be found of thee; but if thou forsake him, he will cast thee off for ever.	
1 Chronicles 29:16	O LORD our God, all this store that we have prepared to build thee an house for thine holy name cometh of thine hand, and is all thine own.	
1 Chronicles 29:18	O LORD God of Abraham, Isaac, and of Israel, our fathers, keep this for ever in the imagination of the thoughts of the heart of thy people, and prepare their heart unto thee:	
1 Chronicles 29:21	And they sacrificed sacrifices unto the LORD, and offered burnt offerings unto the LORD, on the morrow after that day, even a thousand bullocks, a thousand rams, and a thousand lambs, with their drink offerings, and sacrifices in abundance for all Israel:	
1 Chronicles 29:26	Thus David the son of Jesse reigned over all Israel.	
1 Chronicles 29:27	And the time that he reigned over Israel was forty years; seven years reigned he in Hebron, and thirty and three years reigned he in Jerusalem.	
1 Chronicles 29:28	And he died in a good old age, full of days, riches, and honor: and Solomon his son reigned in his stead.	
1 Chronicles 29:9	Then the people rejoiced, for that they offered willingly, because with perfect heart they offered willingly to the LORD: and David the king also rejoiced with great joy.	
1 Chronicles 2:13	And Jesse begat his firstborn Eliab, and Abinadab the second, and Shimma the third,	
1 Chronicles 2:17	And Abigail bare Amasa: and the father of Amasa was Jether the Ishmeelite.	
1 Chronicles 2:22	And Segub begat Jair, who had three and twenty cities in the land of Gilead.	
1 Chronicles 2:29	And the name of the wife of Abishur was Abihail, and she bare him Ahban, and Molid.	
1 Chronicles 2:31	And the sons of Appaim; Ishi. And the sons of Ishi; Sheshan. And the children of Sheshan; Ahlai.	
1 Chronicles 2:42	Now the sons of Caleb the brother of Jerahmeel were, Mesha his firstborn, which was the father of Ziph; and the sons of Mareshah the father of Hebron.	
1 Chronicles 2:44	And Shema begat Raham, the father of Jorkoam: and Rekem begat Shammai.	
1 Chronicles 2:51	Salma the father of Bethlehem, Hareph the father of Bethgader.	
1 Chronicles 2:53	And the families of Kirjathjearim; the Ithrites, and the Puhites, and the Shumathites, and the Mishraites; of them came the Zareathites, and the Eshtaulites,	
1 Chronicles 2:54	The sons of Salma; Bethlehem, and the Netophathites, Ataroth, the house of Joab, and half of the Manahethites, the Zorites.	
1 Chronicles 2:55	And the families of the scribes which dwelt at Jabez; the Tirathites, the Shimeathites, and Suchathites. These are the Kenites that came of Hemath, the father of the house of Rechab.	
1 Chronicles 3:13	Ahaz his son, Hezekiah his son, Manasseh his son,	
1 Chronicles 3:17	And the sons of Jeconiah; Assir, Salathiel his son,	
1 Chronicles 3:19	And the sons of Pedaiah were, Zerubbabel, and Shimei: and the sons of Zerubbabel; Meshullam, and Hananiah, and Shelomith their sister:	
1 Chronicles 3:2	The third, Absalom the son of Maachah the daughter of Talmai king of Geshur: the fourth, Adonijah the son of Haggith:	
1 Chronicles 3:22	And the sons of Shechaniah; Shemaiah: and the sons of Shemaiah; Hattush, and Igeal, and Bariah, and Neariah, and Shaphat, six.	
1 Chronicles 3:24	And the sons of Elioenai were, Hodaiah, and Eliashib, and Pelaiah, and Akkub, and Johanan, and Dalaiah, and Anani, seven.	
1 Chronicles 3:6	Ibhar also, and Elishama, and Eliphelet,	
1 Chronicles 3:8	And Elishama, and Eliada, and Eliphelet, nine.	
1 Chronicles 4:1	The sons of Judah; Pharez, Hezron, and Carmi, and Hur, and Shobal.	
1 Chronicles 4:12	And Eshton begat Bethrapha, and Paseah, and Tehinnah the father of Irnahash. These are the men of Rechah.	
1 Chronicles 4:21	The sons of Shelah the son of Judah were, Er the father of Lecah, and Laadah the father of Mareshah, and the families of the house of them that wrought fine linen, of the house of Ashbea,	
1 Chronicles 4:22	And Jokim, and the men of Chozeba, and Joash, and Saraph, who had the dominion in Moab, and Jashubilehem. And these are ancient things.	
1 Chronicles 4:27	And Shimei had sixteen sons and six daughters: but his brethren had not many children, neither did all their family multiply, like to the children of Judah.	
1 Chronicles 4:28	And they dwelt at Beersheba, and Moladah, and Hazarshual,	
1 Chronicles 4:29	And at Bilhah, and at Ezem, and at Tolad,	
1 Chronicles 4:33	And all their villages that were round about the same cities, unto Baal. These were their habitations, and their genealogy.	
1 Chronicles 4:38	These mentioned by their names were princes in their families: and the house of their fathers increased greatly.	
1 Chronicles 4:4	And Penuel the father of Gedor, and Ezer the father of Hushah. These are the sons of Hur, the firstborn of Ephratah, the father of Bethlehem.	
1 Chronicles 5:12	Joel the chief, and Shapham the next, and Jaanai, and Shaphat in Bashan.	
1 Chronicles 5:14	These are the children of Abihail the son of Huri, the son of Jaroah, the son of Gilead, the son of Michael, the son of Jeshishai, the son of Jahdo, the son of Buz;	
1 Chronicles 5:17	All these were reckoned by genealogies in the days of Jotham king of Judah, and in the days of Jeroboam king of Israel.	
1 Chronicles 5:2	For Judah prevailed above his brethren, and of him came the chief ruler; but the birthright was Joseph's:)	
1 Chronicles 5:21	And they took away their cattle; of their camels fifty thousand, and of sheep two hundred and fifty thousand, and of asses two thousand, and of men an hundred thousand.	
1 Chronicles 5:5	Micah his son, Reaia his son, Baal his son,	
1 Chronicles 5:8	And Bela the son of Azaz, the son of Shema, the son of Joel, who dwelt in Aroer, even unto Nebo and Baalmeon:	
1 Chronicles 6:12	And Ahitub begat Zadok, and Zadok begat Shallum,	
1 Chronicles 6:15	And Jehozadak went into captivity, when the LORD carried away Judah and Jerusalem by the hand of Nebuchadnezzar.	
1 Chronicles 6:16	The sons of Levi; Gershom, Kohath, and Merari.	
1 Chronicles 6:17	And these be the names of the sons of Gershom; Libni, and Shimei.	
1 Chronicles 6:21	Joah his son, Iddo his son, Zerah his son, Jeaterai his son.	
1 Chronicles 6:22	The sons of Kohath; Amminadab his son, Korah his son, Assir his son,	
1 Chronicles 6:24	Tahath his son, Uriel his son, Uzziah his son, and Shaul his son.	
1 Chronicles 6:3	And the children of Amram; Aaron, and Moses, and Miriam. The sons also of Aaron; Nadab, and Abihu, Eleazar, and Ithamar.	
1 Chronicles 6:38	The son of Izhar, the son of Kohath, the son of Levi, the son of Israel.	
1 Chronicles 6:39	And his brother Asaph, who stood on his right hand, even Asaph the son of Berachiah, the son of Shimea,	
1 Chronicles 6:40	The son of Michael, the son of Baaseiah, the son of Malchiah,	
1 Chronicles 6:47	The son of Mahli, the son of Mushi, the son of Merari, the son of Levi.	
1 Chronicles 6:49	But Aaron and his sons offered upon the altar of the burnt offering, and on the altar of incense, and were appointed for all the work of the place most holy, and to make an atonement for Israel, according to all that Moses the servant of God had commanded.	
1 Chronicles 6:51	Bukki his son, Uzzi his son, Zerahiah his son,	
1 Chronicles 6:53	Zadok his son, Ahimaaz his son.	
1 Chronicles 6:58	And Hilen with her suburbs, Debir with her suburbs,	
1 Chronicles 6:60	And out of the tribe of Benjamin; Geba with her suburbs, and Alemeth with her suburbs, and Anathoth with her suburbs. All their cities throughout their families were thirteen cities.	
1 Chronicles 6:67	And they gave unto them, of the cities of refuge, Shechem in mount Ephraim with her suburbs; they gave also Gezer with her suburbs,	
1 Chronicles 6:7	Meraioth begat Amariah, and Amariah begat Ahitub,	
1 Chronicles 6:70	And out of the half tribe of Manasseh; Aner with her suburbs, and Bileam with her suburbs, for the family of the remnant of the sons of Kohath.	
1 Chronicles 6:71	Unto the sons of Gershom were given out of the family of the half tribe of Manasseh, Golan in Bashan with her suburbs, and Ashtaroth with her suburbs:	
1 Chronicles 6:73	And Ramoth with her suburbs, and Anem with her suburbs:	
1 Chronicles 6:74	And out of the tribe of Asher; Mashal with her suburbs, and Abdon with her suburbs,	
1 Chronicles 6:75	And Hukok with her suburbs, and Rehob with her suburbs:	
1 Chronicles 6:78	And on the other side Jordan by Jericho, on the east side of Jordan, were given them out of the tribe of Reuben, Bezer in the wilderness with her suburbs, and Jahzah with her suburbs,	
1 Chronicles 6:81	And Heshbon with her suburbs, and Jazer with her suburbs.	
1 Chronicles 7:1	Now the sons of Issachar were, Tola, and Puah, Jashub, and Shimrom, four.	
1 Chronicles 7:11	All these the sons of Jediael, by the heads of their fathers, mighty men of valor, were seventeen thousand and two hundred soldiers, fit to go out for war and battle.	
1 Chronicles 7:13	The sons of Naphtali; Jahziel, and Guni, and Jezer, and Shallum, the sons of Bilhah.	
1 Chronicles 7:16	And Maachah the wife of Machir bare a son, and she called his name Peresh; and the name of his brother was Sheresh; and his sons were Ulam and Rakem.	
1 Chronicles 7:22	And Ephraim their father mourned many days, and his brethren came to comfort him.	
1 Chronicles 7:25	And Rephah was his son, also Resheph, and Telah his son, and Tahan his son.	
1 Chronicles 7:27	Non his son, Jehoshuah his son.	
1 Chronicles 7:29	And by the borders of the children of Manasseh, Bethshean and her towns, Taanach and her towns, Megiddo and her towns, Dor and her towns. In these dwelt the children of Joseph the son of Israel.	
1 Chronicles 7:33	And the sons of Japhlet; Pasach, and Bimhal, and Ashvath. These are the children of Japhlet.	
1 Chronicles 7:34	And the sons of Shamer; Ahi, and Rohgah, Jehubbah, and Aram.	
1 Chronicles 7:35	And the sons of his brother Helem; Zophah, and Imna, and Shelesh, and Amal.	
1 Chronicles 7:6	The sons of Benjamin; Bela, and Becher, and Jediael, three.	
1 Chronicles 7:9	And the number of them, after their genealogy by their generations, heads of the house of their fathers, mighty men of valor, was twenty thousand and two hundred.	
1 Chronicles 8:10	And Jeuz, and Shachia, and Mirma. These were his sons, heads of the fathers.	
1 Chronicles 8:17	And Zebadiah, and Meshullam, and Hezeki, and Heber,	
1 Chronicles 8:18	Ishmerai also, and Jezliah, and Jobab, the sons of Elpaal;	
1 Chronicles 8:19	And Jakim, and Zichri, and Zabdi,	
1 Chronicles 8:2	Nohah the fourth, and Rapha the fifth.	
1 Chronicles 8:21	And Adaiah, and Beraiah, and Shimrath, the sons of Shimhi;	
1 Chronicles 8:27	And Jaresiah, and Eliah, and Zichri, the sons of Jeroham.	
1 Chronicles 8:29	And at Gibeon dwelt the father of Gibeon; whose wife's name was Maachah:	
1 Chronicles 8:36	And Ahaz begat Jehoadah; and Jehoadah begat Alemeth, and Azmaveth, and Zimri; and Zimri begat Moza,	
1 Chronicles 8:37	And Moza begat Binea: Rapha was his son, Eleasah his son, Azel his son:	
1 Chronicles 8:39	And the sons of Eshek his brother were, Ulam his firstborn, Jehush the second, and Eliphelet the third.	
1 Chronicles 8:5	And Gera, and Shephuphan, and Huram.	
1 Chronicles 8:9	And he begat of Hodesh his wife, Jobab, and Zibia, and Mesha, and Malcham,	
1 Chronicles 9:1	So all Israel were reckoned by genealogies; and, behold, they were written in the book of the kings of Israel and Judah, who were carried away to Babylon for their transgression.	
1 Chronicles 9:15	And Bakbakkar, Heresh, and Galal, and Mattaniah the son of Micah, the son of Zichri, the son of Asaph;	
1 Chronicles 9:16	And Obadiah the son of Shemaiah, the son of Galal, the son of Jeduthun, and Berechiah the son of Asa, the son of Elkanah, that dwelt in the villages of the Netophathites.	
1 Chronicles 9:17	And the porters were, Shallum, and Akkub, and Talmon, and Ahiman, and their brethren: Shallum was the chief;	
1 Chronicles 9:20	And Phinehas the son of Eleazar was the ruler over them in time past, and the LORD was with him.	
1 Chronicles 9:21	And Zechariah the son of Meshelemiah was porter of the door of the tabernacle of the congregation.	
1 Chronicles 9:25	And their brethren, which were in their villages, were to come after seven days from time to time with them.	
1 Chronicles 9:3	And in Jerusalem dwelt of the children of Judah, and of the children of Benjamin, and of the children of Ephraim, and Manasseh;	
1 Chronicles 9:31	And Mattithiah, one of the Levites, who was the firstborn of Shallum the Korahite, had the set office over the things that were made in the pans.	
1 Chronicles 9:33	And these are the singers, chief of the fathers of the Levites, who remaining in the chambers were free: for they were employed in that work day and night.	
1 Chronicles 9:34	These chief fathers of the Levites were chief throughout their generations; these dwelt at Jerusalem.	
1 Chronicles 9:37	And Gedor, and Ahio, and Zechariah, and Mikloth.	
1 Chronicles 9:40	And the son of Jonathan was Meribbaal: and Meribbaal begat Micah.	
1 Chronicles 9:7	And of the sons of Benjamin; Sallu the son of Meshullam, the son of Hodaviah, the son of Hasenuah,	
1 Corinthians 10:10	Neither murmur ye, as some of them also murmured, and were destroyed of the destroyer.	
1 Corinthians 10:16	The cup of blessing which we bless, is it not the communion of the blood of Christ? The bread which we break, is it not the communion of the body of Christ?	
1 Corinthians 10:17	For we being many are one bread, and one body: for we are all partakers of that one bread.	
1 Corinthians 10:28	But if any man say unto you, This is offered in sacrifice unto idols, eat not for his sake that shewed it, and for conscience sake: for the earth is the Lord's, and the fulness thereof:	
1 Corinthians 10:32	Give none offence, neither to the Jews, nor to the Gentiles, nor to the church of God:	
1 Corinthians 10:33	Even as I please all men in all things, not seeking mine own profit, but the profit of many, that they may be saved.	
1 Corinthians 10:9	Neither let us tempt Christ, as some of them also tempted, and were destroyed of serpents.	
1 Corinthians 11:17	Now in this that I declare unto you I praise you not, that ye come together not for the better, but for the worse.	
1 Corinthians 11:20	When ye come together therefore into one place, this is not to eat the Lord's supper.	
1 Corinthians 11:25	After the same manner also he took the cup, when he had supped, saying, This cup is the new testament in my blood: this do ye, as oft as ye drink it, in remembrance of me.	
1 Corinthians 11:29	For he that eateth and drinketh unworthily, eateth and drinketh damnation to himself, not discerning the Lord's body.	
1 Corinthians 11:3	But I would have you know, that the head of every man is Christ; and the head of the woman is the man; and the head of Christ is God.	
1 Corinthians 11:30	For this cause many are weak and sickly among you, and many sleep.	
1 Corinthians 11:33	Wherefore, my brethren, when ye come together to eat, tarry one for another.	
1 Corinthians 11:7	For a man indeed ought not to cover his head, forasmuch as he is the image and glory of God: but the woman is the glory of the man.	
1 Corinthians 12:1	Now concerning spiritual gifts, brethren, I would not have you ignorant.	
1 Corinthians 12:15	If the foot shall say, Because I am not the hand, I am not of the body; is it therefore not of the body?	
1 Corinthians 12:23	And those members of the body, which we think to be less honourable, upon these we bestow more abundant honour; and our uncomely parts have more abundant comeliness.	
1 Corinthians 12:28	And God hath set some in the church, first apostles, secondarily prophets, thirdly teachers, after that miracles, then gifts of healings, helps, governments, diversities of tongues.	
1 Corinthians 12:5	And there are differences of administrations, but the same Lord.	
1 Corinthians 12:7	But the manifestation of the Spirit is given to every man to profit withal.	
1 Corinthians 13:1	Though I speak with the tongues of men and of angels, and have not charity, I am become as sounding brass, or a tinkling cymbal.	
1 Corinthians 13:11	When I was a child, I spake as a child, I understood as a child, I thought as a child: but when I became a man, I put away childish things.	
1 Corinthians 13:12	For now we see through a glass, darkly; but then face to face: now I know in part; but then shall I know even as also I am known.	
1 Corinthians 13:8	Charity never faileth: but whether there be prophecies, they shall fail; whether there be tongues, they shall cease; whether there be knowledge, it shall vanish away.	
1 Corinthians 13:9	For we know in part, and we prophesy in part.	
1 Corinthians 14:11	Therefore if I know not the meaning of the voice, I shall be unto him that speaketh a barbarian, and he that speaketh shall be a barbarian unto me.	
1 Corinthians 14:16	Else when thou shalt bless with the spirit, how shall he that occupieth the room of the unlearned say Amen at thy giving of thanks, seeing he understandeth not what thou sayest?	
1 Corinthians 14:2	For he that speaketh in an unknown tongue speaketh not unto men, but unto God: for no man understandeth him; howbeit in the spirit he speaketh mysteries.	
1 Corinthians 14:22	Wherefore tongues are for a sign, not to them that believe, but to them that believe not: but prophesying serveth not for them that believe not, but for them which believe.	
1 Corinthians 14:23	If therefore the whole church be come together into one place, and all speak with tongues, and there come in those that are unlearned, or unbelievers, will they not say that ye are mad?	
1 Corinthians 14:26	How is it then, brethren? when ye come together, every one of you hath a psalm, hath a doctrine, hath a tongue, hath a revelation, hath an interpretation. Let all things be done unto edifying.	
1 Corinthians 14:27	If any man speak in an unknown tongue, let it be by two, or at the most by three, and that by course; and let one interpret.	
1 Corinthians 14:29	Let the prophets speak two or three, and let the other judge.	
1 Corinthians 14:3	But he that prophesieth speaketh unto men to edification, and exhortation, and comfort.	
1 Corinthians 14:30	If any thing be revealed to another that sitteth by, let the first hold his peace.	
1 Corinthians 14:32	And the spirits of the prophets are subject to the prophets.	
1 Corinthians 14:34	Let your women keep silence in the churches: for it is not permitted unto them to speak; but they are commanded to be under obedience as also saith the law.	
1 Corinthians 14:7	And even things without life giving sound, whether pipe or harp, except they give a distinction in the sounds, how shall it be known what is piped or harped?	
1 Corinthians 14:9	So likewise ye, except ye utter by the tongue words easy to be understood, how shall it be known what is spoken? for ye shall speak into the air.	
1 Corinthians 15:14	And if Christ be not risen, then is our preaching vain, and your faith is also vain.	
1 Corinthians 15:17	And if Christ be not raised, your faith is vain; ye are yet in your sins.	
1 Corinthians 15:18	Then they also which are fallen asleep in Christ are perished.	
1 Corinthians 15:23	But every man in his own order: Christ the firstfruits; afterward they that are Christ's at his coming.	
1 Corinthians 15:26	The last enemy that shall be destroyed is death.	
1 Corinthians 15:27	For he hath put all things under his feet. But when he saith all things are put under him, it is manifest that he is excepted, which did put all things under him.	
1 Corinthians 15:33	Be not deceived: evil communications corrupt good manners.	
1 Corinthians 15:34	Awake to righteousness, and sin not; for some have not the knowledge of God: I speak this to your shame.	
1 Corinthians 15:36	Thou fool, that which thou sowest is not quickened, except it die:	
1 Corinthians 15:46	Howbeit that was not first which is spiritual, but that which is natural; and afterward that which is spiritual.	
1 Corinthians 15:49	And as we have borne the image of the earthy, we shall also bear the image of the heavenly.	
1 Corinthians 15:8	And last of all he was seen of me also, as of one born out of due time.	
1 Corinthians 16:15	I beseech you, brethren, (ye know the house of Stephanas, that it is the firstfruits of Achaia, and that they have addicted themselves to the ministry of the saints,)	
1 Corinthians 16:16	That ye submit yourselves unto such, and to every one that helpeth with us, and laboureth.	
1 Corinthians 16:18	For they have refreshed my spirit and your's: therefore acknowledge ye them that are such.	
1 Corinthians 16:2	Upon the first day of the week let every one of you lay by him in store, as God hath prospered him, that there be no gatherings when I come.	
1 Corinthians 16:20	All the brethren greet you. Greet ye one another with an holy kiss.	
1 Corinthians 16:21	The salutation of me Paul with mine own hand.	
1 Corinthians 16:23	The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you.	
1 Corinthians 1:1	Paul called to be an apostle of Jesus Christ through the will of God, and Sosthenes our brother,	
1 Corinthians 1:17	For Christ sent me not to baptize, but to preach the gospel: not with wisdom of words, lest the cross of Christ should be made of none effect.	
1 Corinthians 1:2	Unto the church of God which is at Corinth, to them that are sanctified in Christ Jesus, called to be saints, with all that in every place call upon the name of Jesus Christ our Lord, both their's and our's:	
1 Corinthians 1:24	But unto them which are called, both Jews and Greeks, Christ the power of God, and the wisdom of God.	
1 Corinthians 1:4	I thank my God always on your behalf, for the grace of God which is given you by Jesus Christ;	
1 Corinthians 1:6	Even as the testimony of Christ was confirmed in you:	
1 Corinthians 2:16	For who hath known the mind of the Lord, that he may instruct him? But we have the mind of Christ.	
1 Corinthians 2:2	For I determined not to know any thing among you, save Jesus Christ, and him crucified.	
1 Corinthians 2:4	And my speech and my preaching was not with enticing words of man's wisdom, but in demonstration of the Spirit and of power:	
1 Corinthians 2:5	That your faith should not stand in the wisdom of men, but in the power of God.	
1 Corinthians 2:7	But we speak the wisdom of God in a mystery, even the hidden wisdom, which God ordained before the world unto our glory:	
1 Corinthians 3:10	According to the grace of God which is given unto me, as a wise masterbuilder, I have laid the foundation, and another buildeth thereon. But let every man take heed how he buildeth thereupon.	
1 Corinthians 3:12	Now if any man build upon this foundation gold, silver, precious stones, wood, hay, stubble;	
1 Corinthians 3:13	Every man's work shall be made manifest: for the day shall declare it, because it shall be revealed by fire; and the fire shall try every man's work of what sort it is.	
1 Corinthians 3:14	If any man's work abide which he hath built thereupon, he shall receive a reward.	
1 Corinthians 3:22	Whether Paul, or Apollos, or Cephas, or the world, or life, or death, or things present, or things to come; all are your's;	
1 Corinthians 3:6	I have planted, Apollos watered; but God gave the increase.	
1 Corinthians 3:8	Now he that planteth and he that watereth are one: and every man shall receive his own reward according to his own labour.	
1 Corinthians 3:9	For we are labourers together with God: ye are God's husbandry, ye are God's building.	
1 Corinthians 4:10	We are fools for Christ's sake, but ye are wise in Christ; we are weak, but ye are strong; ye are honourable, but we are despised.	
1 Corinthians 4:11	Even unto this present hour we both hunger, and thirst, and are naked, and are buffeted, and have no certain dwellingplace;	
1 Corinthians 4:16	Wherefore I beseech you, be ye followers of me.	
1 Corinthians 4:17	For this cause have I sent unto you Timotheus, who is my beloved son, and faithful in the Lord, who shall bring you into remembrance of my ways which be in Christ, as I teach every where in every church.	
1 Corinthians 4:19	But I will come to you shortly, if the Lord will, and will know, not the speech of them which are puffed up, but the power.	
1 Corinthians 4:4	For I know nothing by myself; yet am I not hereby justified: but he that judgeth me is the Lord.	
1 Corinthians 4:5	Therefore judge nothing before the time, until the Lord come, who both will bring to light the hidden things of darkness, and will make manifest the counsels of the hearts: and then shall every man have praise of God.	
1 Corinthians 4:6	And these things, brethren, I have in a figure transferred to myself and to Apollos for your sakes; that ye might learn in us not to think of men above that which is written, that no one of you be puffed up for one against another.	
1 Corinthians 4:8	Now ye are full, now ye are rich, ye have reigned as kings without us: and I would to God ye did reign, that we also might reign with you.	
1 Corinthians 5:11	But now I have written unto you not to keep company, if any man that is called a brother be a fornicator, or covetous, or an idolater, or a railer, or a drunkard, or an extortioner; with such an one no not to eat.	
1 Corinthians 5:3	For I verily, as absent in body, but present in spirit, have judged already, as though I were present, concerning him that hath so done this deed,	
1 Corinthians 5:9	I wrote unto you in an epistle not to company with fornicators:	
1 Corinthians 6:11	And such were some of you: but ye are washed, but ye are sanctified, but ye are justified in the name of the Lord Jesus, and by the Spirit of our God.	
1 Corinthians 6:12	All things are lawful unto me, but all things are not expedient: all things are lawful for me, but I will not be brought under the power of any.	
1 Corinthians 6:13	Meats for the belly, and the belly for meats: but God shall destroy both it and them. Now the body is not for fornication, but for the Lord; and the Lord for the body.	
1 Corinthians 6:14	And God hath both raised up the Lord, and will also raise up us by his own power.	
1 Corinthians 6:15	Know ye not that your bodies are the members of Christ? shall I then take the members of Christ, and make them the members of an harlot? God forbid.	
1 Corinthians 6:2	Do ye not know that the saints shall judge the world? and if the world shall be judged by you, are ye unworthy to judge the smallest matters?	
1 Corinthians 6:7	Now therefore there is utterly a fault among you, because ye go to law one with another. Why do ye not rather take wrong? why do ye not rather suffer yourselves to be defrauded?	
1 Corinthians 7:15	But if the unbelieving depart, let him depart. A brother or a sister is not under bondage in such cases: but God hath called us to peace.	
1 Corinthians 7:26	I suppose therefore that this is good for the present distress, I say, that it is good for a man so to be.	
1 Corinthians 7:27	Art thou bound unto a wife? seek not to be loosed. Art thou loosed from a wife? seek not a wife.	
1 Corinthians 7:29	But this I say, brethren, the time is short: it remaineth, that both they that have wives be as though they had none;	
1 Corinthians 7:3	Let the husband render unto the wife due benevolence: and likewise also the wife unto the husband.	
1 Corinthians 7:31	And they that use this world, as not abusing it: for the fashion of this world passeth away.	
1 Corinthians 7:33	But he that is married careth for the things that are of the world, how he may please his wife.	
1 Corinthians 7:37	Nevertheless he that standeth stedfast in his heart, having no necessity, but hath power over his own will, and hath so decreed in his heart that he will keep his virgin, doeth well.	
1 Corinthians 8:2	And if any man think that he knoweth any thing, he knoweth nothing yet as he ought to know.	
1 Corinthians 8:4	As concerning therefore the eating of those things that are offered in sacrifice unto idols, we know that an idol is nothing in the world, and that there is none other God but one.	
1 Corinthians 8:5	For though there be that are called gods, whether in heaven or in earth, (as there be gods many, and lords many,)	
1 Corinthians 8:7	Howbeit there is not in every man that knowledge: for some with conscience of the idol unto this hour eat it as a thing offered unto an idol; and their conscience being weak is defiled.	
1 Corinthians 9:13	Do ye not know that they which minister about holy things live of the things of the temple? and they which wait at the altar are partakers with the altar?	
1 Corinthians 9:7	Who goeth a warfare any time at his own charges? who planteth a vineyard, and eateth not of the fruit thereof? or who feedeth a flock, and eateth not of the milk of the flock?	
1 Corinthians 9:9	For it is written in the law of Moses, Thou shalt not muzzle the mouth of the ox that treadeth out the corn. Doth God take care for oxen?	
1 John 1:2	(For the life was manifested, and we have seen it, and bear witness, and shew unto you that eternal life, which was with the Father, and was manifested unto us;)	
1 John 1:8	If we say that we have no sin, we deceive ourselves, and the truth is not in us.	
1 John 2:10	He that loveth his brother abideth in the light, and there is none occasion of stumbling in him.	
1 John 2:13	I write unto you, fathers, because ye have known him that is from the beginning. I write unto you, young men, because ye have overcome the wicked one. I write unto you, little children, because ye have known the Father.	
1 John 2:18	Little children, it is the last time: and as ye have heard that antichrist shall come, even now are there many antichrists; whereby we know that it is the last time.	
1 John 2:19	They went out from us, but they were not of us; for if they had been of us, they would no doubt have continued with us: but they went out, that they might be made manifest that they were not all of us.	
1 John 2:20	But ye have an unction from the Holy One, and ye know all things.	
1 John 2:27	But the anointing which ye have received of him abideth in you, and ye need not that any man teach you: but as the same anointing teacheth you of all things, and is truth, and is no lie, and even as it hath taught you, ye shall abide in him.	
1 John 2:7	Brethren, I write no new commandment unto you, but an old commandment which ye had from the beginning. The old commandment is the word which ye have heard from the beginning.	
1 John 2:8	Again, a new commandment I write unto you, which thing is true in him and in you: because the darkness is past, and the true light now shineth.	
1 John 3:1	Behold, what manner of love the Father hath bestowed upon us, that we should be called the sons of God: therefore the world knoweth us not, because it knew him not.	
1 John 3:15	Whosoever hateth his brother is a murderer: and ye know that no murderer hath eternal life abiding in him.	
1 John 3:20	For if our heart condemn us, God is greater than our heart, and knoweth all things.	
1 John 3:21	Beloved, if our heart condemn us not, then have we confidence toward God.	
1 John 3:24	And he that keepeth his commandments dwelleth in him, and he in him. And hereby we know that he abideth in us, by the Spirit which he hath given us.	
1 John 3:7	Little children, let no man deceive you: he that doeth righteousness is righteous, even as he is righteous.	
1 John 3:8	He that committeth sin is of the devil; for the devil sinneth from the beginning. For this purpose the Son of God was manifested, that he might destroy the works of the devil.	
1 John 4:15	Whosoever shall confess that Jesus is the Son of God, God dwelleth in him, and he in God.	
1 John 4:3	And every spirit that confesseth not that Jesus Christ is come in the flesh is not of God: and this is that spirit of antichrist, whereof ye have heard that it should come; and even now already is it in the world.	
1 John 4:7	Beloved, let us love one another: for love is of God; and every one that loveth is born of God, and knoweth God.	
1 John 5:12	He that hath the Son hath life; and he that hath not the Son of God hath not life.	
1 John 5:18	We know that whosoever is born of God sinneth not; but he that is begotten of God keepeth himself, and that wicked one toucheth him not.	
1 John 5:19	And we know that we are of God, and the whole world lieth in wickedness.	
1 John 5:21	Little children, keep yourselves from idols. Amen.	
1 John 5:3	For this is the love of God, that we keep his commandments: and his commandments are not grievous.	
1 John 5:4	For whatsoever is born of God overcometh the world: and this is the victory that overcometh the world, even our faith.	
1 John 5:6	This is he that came by water and blood, even Jesus Christ; not by water only, but by water and blood. And it is the Spirit that beareth witness, because the Spirit is truth.	
1 John 5:9	If we receive the witness of men, the witness of God is greater: for this is the witness of God which he hath testified of his Son.	
1 Kings 10:10	And she gave the king an hundred and twenty talents of gold, and of spices very great store, and precious stones: there came no more such abundance of spices as these which the queen of Sheba gave to king Solomon.	
1 Kings 10:15	Beside that he had of the merchantmen, and of the traffic of the spice merchants, and of all the kings of Arabia, and of the governors of the country.	
1 Kings 10:16	And king Solomon made two hundred targets of beaten gold: six hundred shekels of gold went to one target.	
1 Kings 10:9	Blessed be the LORD thy God, which delighted in thee, to set thee on the throne of Israel: because the LORD loved Israel for ever, therefore made he thee king, to do judgment and justice.	
1 Kings 11:15	For it came to pass, when David was in Edom, and Joab the captain of the host was gone up to bury the slain, after he had smitten every male in Edom;	
1 Kings 11:18	And they arose out of Midian, and came to Paran: and they took men with them out of Paran, and they came to Egypt, unto Pharaoh king of Egypt; which gave him an house, and appointed him victuals, and gave him land.	
1 Kings 11:22	Then Pharaoh said unto him, But what hast thou lacked with me, that, behold, thou seekest to go to thine own country? And he answered, Nothing: howbeit let me go in any wise.	
1 Kings 11:24	And he gathered men unto him, and became captain over a band, when David slew them of Zobah: and they went to Damascus, and dwelt therein, and reigned in Damascus.	
1 Kings 11:26	And Jeroboam the son of Nebat, an Ephrathite of Zereda, Solomon's servant, whose mother's name was Zeruah, a widow woman, even he lifted up his hand against the king.	
1 Kings 11:33	Because that they have forsaken me, and have worshipped Ashtoreth the goddess of the Zidonians, Chemosh the god of the Moabites, and Milcom the god of the children of Ammon, and have not walked in my ways, to do that which is right in mine eyes, and to keep my statutes and my judgments, as did David his father.	
1 Kings 11:35	But I will take the kingdom out of his son's hand, and will give it unto thee, even ten tribes.	
1 Kings 11:39	And I will for this afflict the seed of David, but not for ever.	
1 Kings 11:41	And the rest of the acts of Solomon, and all that he did, and his wisdom, are they not written in the book of the acts of Solomon?	
1 Kings 11:6	And Solomon did evil in the sight of the LORD, and went not fully after the LORD, as did David his father.	
1 Kings 12:12	So Jeroboam and all the people came to Rehoboam the third day, as the king had appointed, saying, Come to me again the third day.	
1 Kings 12:15	Wherefore the king hearkened not unto the people; for the cause was from the LORD, that he might perform his saying, which the LORD spake by Ahijah the Shilonite unto Jeroboam the son of Nebat.	
1 Kings 12:16	So when all Israel saw that the king hearkened not unto them, the people answered the king, saying, What portion have we in David? neither have we inheritance in the son of Jesse: to your tents, O Israel: now see to thine own house, David. So Israel departed unto their tents.	
1 Kings 12:17	But as for the children of Israel which dwelt in the cities of Judah, Rehoboam reigned over them.	
1 Kings 12:20	And it came to pass, when all Israel heard that Jeroboam was come again, that they sent and called him unto the congregation, and made him king over all Israel: there was none that followed the house of David, but the tribe of Judah only.	
1 Kings 12:25	Then Jeroboam built Shechem in mount Ephraim, and dwelt therein; and went out from thence, and built Penuel.	
1 Kings 12:3	That they sent and called him. And Jeroboam and all the congregation of Israel came, and spake unto Rehoboam, saying,	
1 Kings 12:31	And he made an house of high places, and made priests of the lowest of the people, which were not of the sons of Levi.	
1 Kings 12:33	So he offered upon the altar which he had made in Bethel the fifteenth day of the eighth month, even in the month which he had devised of his own heart; and ordained a feast unto the children of Israel: and he offered upon the altar, and burnt incense.	
1 Kings 13:11	Now there dwelt an old prophet in Bethel; and his sons came and told him all the works that the man of God had done that day in Bethel: the words which he had spoken unto the king, them they told also to their father.	
1 Kings 13:12	And their father said unto them, What way went he? For his sons had seen what way the man of God went, which came from Judah.	
1 Kings 13:21	And he cried unto the man of God that came from Judah, saying, Thus saith the LORD, Forasmuch as thou hast disobeyed the mouth of the LORD, and hast not kept the commandment which the LORD thy God commanded thee,	
1 Kings 13:22	But camest back, and hast eaten bread and drunk water in the place, of the which the Lord did say to thee, Eat no bread, and drink no water; thy carcass shall not come unto the sepulchre of thy fathers.	
1 Kings 13:3	And he gave a sign the same day, saying, This is the sign which the LORD hath spoken; Behold, the altar shall be rent, and the ashes that are upon it shall be poured out.	
1 Kings 13:30	And he laid his carcass in his own grave; and they mourned over him, saying, Alas, my brother!	
1 Kings 13:8	And the man of God said unto the king, If thou wilt give me half thine house, I will not go in with thee, neither will I eat bread nor drink water in this place:	
1 Kings 14:1	At that time Abijah the son of Jeroboam fell sick.	
1 Kings 14:12	Arise thou therefore, get thee to thine own house: and when thy feet enter into the city, the child shall die.	
1 Kings 14:15	For the LORD shall smite Israel, as a reed is shaken in the water, and he shall root up Israel out of this good land, which he gave to their fathers, and shall scatter them beyond the river, because they have made their groves, provoking the LORD to anger.	
1 Kings 14:17	And Jeroboam's wife arose, and departed, and came to Tirzah: and when she came to the threshold of the door, the child died;	
1 Kings 14:21	And Rehoboam the son of Solomon reigned in Judah. Rehoboam was forty and one years old when he began to reign, and he reigned seventeen years in Jerusalem, the city which the LORD did choose out of all the tribes of Israel, to put his name there. And his mother's name was Naamah an Ammonitess.	
1 Kings 14:23	For they also built them high places, and images, and groves, on every high hill, and under every green tree.	
1 Kings 14:25	And it came to pass in the fifth year of king Rehoboam, that Shishak king of Egypt came up against Jerusalem:	
1 Kings 14:6	And it was so, when Ahijah heard the sound of her feet, as she came in at the door, that he said, Come in, thou wife of Jeroboam; why feignest thou thyself to be another? for I am sent to thee with heavy tidings.	
1 Kings 14:7	Go, tell Jeroboam, Thus saith the LORD God of Israel, Forasmuch as I exalted thee from among the people, and made thee prince over my people Israel,	
1 Kings 15:10	And forty and one years reigned he in Jerusalem. And his mother's name was Maachah, the daughter of Abishalom.	
1 Kings 15:11	And Asa did that which was right in the eyes of the LORD, as did David his father.	
1 Kings 15:19	There is a league between me and thee, and between my father and thy father: behold, I have sent unto thee a present of silver and gold; come and break thy league with Baasha king of Israel, that he may depart from me.	
1 Kings 15:20	So Benhadad hearkened unto king Asa, and sent the captains of the hosts which he had against the cities of Israel, and smote Ijon, and Dan, and Abelbethmaachah, and all Cinneroth, with all the land of Naphtali.	
1 Kings 15:25	And Nadab the son of Jeroboam began to reign over Israel in the second year of Asa king of Judah, and reigned over Israel two years.	
1 Kings 15:27	And Baasha the son of Ahijah, of the house of Issachar, conspired against him; and Baasha smote him at Gibbethon, which belonged to the Philistines; for Nadab and all Israel laid siege to Gibbethon.	
1 Kings 15:3	And he walked in all the sins of his father, which he had done before him: and his heart was not perfect with the LORD his God, as the heart of David his father.	
1 Kings 15:33	In the third year of Asa king of Judah began Baasha the son of Ahijah to reign over all Israel in Tirzah, twenty and four years.	
1 Kings 15:4	Nevertheless for David's sake did the LORD his God give him a lamp in Jerusalem, to set up his son after him, and to establish Jerusalem:	
1 Kings 15:5	Because David did that which was right in the eyes of the LORD, and turned not aside from any thing that he commanded him all the days of his life, save only in the matter of Uriah the Hittite.	
1 Kings 16:13	For all the sins of Baasha, and the sins of Elah his son, by which they sinned, and by which they made Israel to sin, in provoking the LORD God of Israel to anger with their vanities.	
1 Kings 16:15	In the twenty and seventh year of Asa king of Judah did Zimri reign seven days in Tirzah. And the people were encamped against Gibbethon, which belonged to the Philistines.	
1 Kings 16:16	And the people that were encamped heard say, Zimri hath conspired, and hath also slain the king: wherefore all Israel made Omri, the captain of the host, king over Israel that day in the camp.	
1 Kings 16:18	And it came to pass, when Zimri saw that the city was taken, that he went into the palace of the king's house, and burnt the king's house over him with fire, and died.	
1 Kings 16:19	For his sins which he sinned in doing evil in the sight of the LORD, in walking in the way of Jeroboam, and in his sin which he did, to make Israel to sin.	
1 Kings 16:27	Now the rest of the acts of Omri which he did, and his might that he showed, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?	
1 Kings 16:3	Behold, I will take away the posterity of Baasha, and the posterity of his house; and will make thy house like the house of Jeroboam the son of Nebat.	
1 Kings 16:33	And Ahab made a grove; and Ahab did more to provoke the LORD God of Israel to anger than all the kings of Israel that were before him.	
1 Kings 16:34	In his days did Hiel the Bethelite build Jericho: he laid the foundation thereof in Abiram his firstborn, and set up the gates thereof in his youngest son Segub, according to the word of the LORD, which he spake by Joshua the son of Nun.	
1 Kings 16:9	And his servant Zimri, captain of half his chariots, conspired against him, as he was in Tirzah, drinking himself drunk in the house of Arza steward of his house in Tirzah.	
1 Kings 17:12	And she said, As the LORD thy God liveth, I have not a cake, but an handful of meal in a barrel, and a little oil in a cruse: and, behold, I am gathering two sticks, that I may go in and dress it for me and my son, that we may eat it, and die.	
1 Kings 17:15	And she went and did according to the saying of Elijah: and she, and he, and her house, did eat many days.	
1 Kings 17:18	And she said unto Elijah, What have I to do with thee, O thou man of God? art thou come unto me to call my sin to remembrance, and to slay my son?	
1 Kings 17:19	And he said unto her, Give me thy son. And he took him out of her bosom, and carried him up into a loft, where he abode, and laid him upon his own bed.	
1 Kings 17:2	And the word of the LORD came unto him, saying,	
1 Kings 17:7	And it came to pass after a while, that the brook dried up, because there had been no rain in the land.	
1 Kings 18:1	And it came to pass after many days, that the word of the LORD came to Elijah in the third year, saying, Go, show thyself unto Ahab; and I will send rain upon the earth.	
1 Kings 18:12	And it shall come to pass, as soon as I am gone from thee, that the Spirit of the LORD shall carry thee whither I know not; and so when I come and tell Ahab, and he cannot find thee, he shall slay me: but I thy servant fear the LORD from my youth.	
1 Kings 18:15	And Elijah said, As the LORD of hosts liveth, before whom I stand, I will surely show myself unto him to day.	
1 Kings 18:16	So Obadiah went to meet Ahab, and told him: and Ahab went to meet Elijah.	
1 Kings 18:18	And he answered, I have not troubled Israel; but thou, and thy father's house, in that ye have forsaken the commandments of the LORD, and thou hast followed Baalim.	
1 Kings 18:22	Then said Elijah unto the people, I, even I only, remain a prophet of the LORD; but Baal's prophets are four hundred and fifty men.	
1 Kings 18:23	Let them therefore give us two bullocks; and let them choose one bullock for themselves, and cut it in pieces, and lay it on wood, and put no fire under: and I will dress the other bullock, and lay it on wood, and put no fire under:	
1 Kings 18:36	And it came to pass at the time of the offering of the evening sacrifice, that Elijah the prophet came near, and said, LORD God of Abraham, Isaac, and of Israel, let it be known this day that thou art God in Israel, and that I am thy servant, and that I have done all these things at thy word.	
1 Kings 18:39	And when all the people saw it, they fell on their faces: and they said, The LORD, he is the God; the LORD, he is the God.	
1 Kings 18:4	For it was so, when Jezebel cut off the prophets of the LORD, that Obadiah took an hundred prophets, and hid them by fifty in a cave, and fed them with bread and water.)	
1 Kings 18:41	And Elijah said unto Ahab, Get thee up, eat and drink; for there is a sound of abundance of rain.	
1 Kings 18:43	And said to his servant, Go up now, look toward the sea. And he went up, and looked, and said, There is nothing. And he said, Go again seven times.	
1 Kings 18:7	And as Obadiah was in the way, behold, Elijah met him: and he knew him, and fell on his face, and said, Art thou that my lord Elijah?	
1 Kings 18:9	And he said, What have I sinned, that thou wouldest deliver thy servant into the hand of Ahab, to slay me?	
1 Kings 19:11	And he said, Go forth, and stand upon the mount before the LORD. And, behold, the LORD passed by, and a great and strong wind rent the mountains, and brake in pieces the rocks before the LORD; but the LORD was not in the wind: and after the wind an earthquake; but the LORD was not in the earthquake:	
1 Kings 19:15	And the LORD said unto him, Go, return on thy way to the wilderness of Damascus: and when thou comest, anoint Hazael to be king over Syria:	
1 Kings 19:4	But he himself went a day's journey into the wilderness, and came and sat down under a juniper tree: and he requested for himself that he might die; and said, It is enough; now, O LORD, take away my life; for I am not better than my fathers.	
1 Kings 19:5	And as he lay and slept under a juniper tree, behold, then an angel touched him, and said unto him, Arise and eat.	
1 Kings 19:8	And he arose, and did eat and drink, and went in the strength of that meat forty days and forty nights unto Horeb the mount of God.	
1 Kings 19:9	And he came thither unto a cave, and lodged there; and, behold, the word of the LORD came to him, and he said unto him, What doest thou here, Elijah?	
1 Kings 1:10	But Nathan the prophet, and Benaiah, and the mighty men, and Solomon his brother, he called not.	
1 Kings 1:12	Now therefore come, let me, I pray thee, give thee counsel, that thou mayest save thine own life, and the life of thy son Solomon.	
1 Kings 1:19	And he hath slain oxen and fat cattle and sheep in abundance, and hath called all the sons of the king, and Abiathar the priest, and Joab the captain of the host: but Solomon thy servant hath he not called.	
1 Kings 1:2	Wherefore his servants said unto him, Let there be sought for my lord the king a young virgin: and let her stand before the king, and let her cherish him, and let her lie in thy bosom, that my lord the king may get heat.	
1 Kings 1:22	And, lo, while she yet talked with the king, Nathan the prophet also came in.	
1 Kings 1:23	And they told the king, saying, Behold Nathan the prophet. And when he was come in before the king, he bowed himself before the king with his face to the ground.	
1 Kings 1:29	And the king sware, and said, As the LORD liveth, that hath redeemed my soul out of all distress,	
1 Kings 1:33	The king also said unto them, Take with you the servants of your lord, and cause Solomon my son to ride upon mine own mule, and bring him down to Gihon:	
1 Kings 1:39	And Zadok the priest took an horn of oil out of the tabernacle, and anointed Solomon. And they blew the trumpet; and all the people said, God save king Solomon.	
1 Kings 1:42	And while he yet spake, behold, Jonathan the son of Abiathar the priest came; and Adonijah said unto him, Come in; for thou art a valiant man, and bringest good tidings.	
1 Kings 1:46	And also Solomon sitteth on the throne of the kingdom.	
1 Kings 1:49	And all the guests that were with Adonijah were afraid, and rose up, and went every man his way.	
1 Kings 1:6	And his father had not displeased him at any time in saying, Why hast thou done so? and he also was a very goodly man; and his mother bare him after Absalom.	
1 Kings 1:8	But Zadok the priest, and Benaiah the son of Jehoiada, and Nathan the prophet, and Shimei, and Rei, and the mighty men which belonged to David, were not with Adonijah.	
1 Kings 1:9	And Adonijah slew sheep and oxen and fat cattle by the stone of Zoheleth, which is by Enrogel, and called all his brethren the king's sons, and all the men of Judah the king's servants:	
1 Kings 20:1	And Benhadad the king of Syria gathered all his host together: and there were thirty and two kings with him, and horses, and chariots; and he went up and besieged Samaria, and warred against it.	
1 Kings 20:12	And it came to pass, when Ben-hadad heard this message, as he was drinking, he and the kings in the pavilions, that he said unto his servants, Set yourselves in array. And they set themselves in array against the city.	
1 Kings 20:15	Then he numbered the young men of the princes of the provinces, and they were two hundred and thirty two: and after them he numbered all the people, even all the children of Israel, being seven thousand.	
1 Kings 20:17	And the young men of the princes of the provinces went out first; and Benhadad sent out, and they told him, saying, There are men come out of Samaria.	
1 Kings 20:20	And they slew every one his man: and the Syrians fled; and Israel pursued them: and Benhadad the king of Syria escaped on an horse with the horsemen.	
1 Kings 20:21	And the king of Israel went out, and smote the horses and chariots, and slew the Syrians with a great slaughter.	
1 Kings 20:23	And the servants of the king of Syria said unto him, Their gods are gods of the hills; therefore they were stronger than we; but let us fight against them in the plain, and surely we shall be stronger than they.	
1 Kings 20:25	And number thee an army, like the army that thou hast lost, horse for horse, and chariot for chariot: and we will fight against them in the plain, and surely we shall be stronger than they. And he hearkened unto their voice, and did so.	
1 Kings 20:27	And the children of Israel were numbered, and were all present, and went against them: and the children of Israel pitched before them like two little flocks of kids; but the Syrians filled the country.	
1 Kings 20:28	And there came a man of God, and spake unto the king of Israel, and said, Thus saith the LORD, Because the Syrians have said, The LORD is God of the hills, but he is not God of the valleys, therefore will I deliver all this great multitude into thine hand, and ye shall know that I am the LORD.	
1 Kings 20:3	Thy silver and thy gold is mine; thy wives also and thy children, even the goodliest, are mine.	
1 Kings 20:35	And a certain man of the sons of the prophets said unto his neighbor in the word of the LORD, Smite me, I pray thee. And the man refused to smite him.	
1 Kings 20:37	Then he found another man, and said, Smite me, I pray thee. And the man smote him, so that in smiting he wounded him.	
1 Kings 20:41	And he hasted, and took the ashes away from his face; and the king of Israel discerned him that he was of the prophets.	
1 Kings 20:43	And the king of Israel went to his house heavy and displeased, and came to Samaria.	
1 Kings 21:19	And thou shalt speak unto him, saying, Thus saith the LORD, Hast thou killed, and also taken possession? And thou shalt speak unto him, saying, Thus saith the LORD, In the place where dogs licked the blood of Naboth shall dogs lick thy blood, even thine.	
1 Kings 21:2	And Ahab spake unto Naboth, saying, Give me thy vineyard, that I may have it for a garden of herbs, because it is near unto my house: and I will give thee for it a better vineyard than it; or, if it seem good to thee, I will give thee the worth of it in money.	
1 Kings 21:21	Behold, I will bring evil upon thee, and will take away thy posterity, and will cut off from Ahab him that pisseth against the wall, and him that is shut up and left in Israel,	
1 Kings 21:25	But there was none like unto Ahab, which did sell himself to work wickedness in the sight of the LORD, whom Jezebel his wife stirred up.	
1 Kings 21:7	And Jezebel his wife said unto him, Dost thou now govern the kingdom of Israel? arise, and eat bread, and let thine heart be merry: I will give thee the vineyard of Naboth the Jezreelite.	
1 Kings 21:8	So she wrote letters in Ahab's name, and sealed them with his seal, and sent the letters unto the elders and to the nobles that were in his city, dwelling with Naboth.	
1 Kings 21:9	And she wrote in the letters, saying, Proclaim a fast, and set Naboth on high among the people:	
1 Kings 22:1	And they continued three years without war between Syria and Israel.	
1 Kings 22:10	And the king of Israel and Jehoshaphat the king of Judah sat each on his throne, having put on their robes, in a void place in the entrance of the gate of Samaria; and all the prophets prophesied before them.	
1 Kings 22:12	And all the prophets prophesied so, saying, Go up to Ramothgilead, and prosper: for the LORD shall deliver it into the king's hand.	
1 Kings 22:14	And Micaiah said, As the LORD liveth, what the LORD saith unto me, that will I speak.	
1 Kings 22:18	And the king of Israel said unto Jehoshaphat, Did I not tell thee that he would prophesy no good concerning me, but evil?	
1 Kings 22:21	And there came forth a spirit, and stood before the LORD, and said, I will persuade him.	
1 Kings 22:23	Now therefore, behold, the LORD hath put a lying spirit in the mouth of all these thy prophets, and the LORD hath spoken evil concerning thee.	
1 Kings 22:26	And the king of Israel said, Take Micaiah, and carry him back unto Amon the governor of the city, and to Joash the king's son;	
1 Kings 22:30	And the king of Israel said unto Jehoshaphat, I will disguise myself, and enter into the battle; but put thou on thy robes. And the king of Israel disguised himself, and went into the battle.	
1 Kings 22:32	And it came to pass, when the captains of the chariots saw Jehoshaphat, that they said, Surely it is the king of Israel. And they turned aside to fight against him: and Jehoshaphat cried out.	
1 Kings 22:35	And the battle increased that day: and the king was stayed up in his chariot against the Syrians, and died at even: and the blood ran out of the wound into the midst of the chariot.	
1 Kings 22:46	And the remnant of the sodomites, which remained in the days of his father Asa, he took out of the land.	
1 Kings 2:17	And he said, Speak, I pray thee, unto Solomon the king, (for he will not say thee nay,) that he give me Abishag the Shunammite to wife.	
1 Kings 2:23	Then king Solomon sware by the LORD, saying, God do so to me, and more also, if Adonijah have not spoken this word against his own life.	
1 Kings 2:31	And the king said unto him, Do as he hath said, and fall upon him, and bury him; that thou mayest take away the innocent blood, which Joab shed, from me, and from the house of my father.	
1 Kings 2:35	And the king put Benaiah the son of Jehoiada in his room over the host: and Zadok the priest did the king put in the room of Abiathar.	
1 Kings 2:36	And the king sent and called for Shimei, and said unto him, Build thee an house in Jerusalem, and dwell there, and go not forth thence any whither.	
1 Kings 2:38	And Shimei said unto the king, The saying is good: as my lord the king hath said, so will thy servant do. And Shimei dwelt in Jerusalem many days.	
1 Kings 2:42	And the king sent and called for Shimei, and said unto him, Did I not make thee to swear by the LORD, and protested unto thee, saying, Know for a certain, on the day thou goest out, and walkest abroad any whither, that thou shalt surely die? and thou saidst unto me, The word that I have heard is good.	
1 Kings 2:46	So the king commanded Benaiah the son of Jehoiada; which went out, and fell upon him, that he died. And the kingdom was established in the hand of Solomon.	
1 Kings 2:8	And, behold, thou hast with thee Shimei the son of Gera, a Benjamite of Bahurim, which cursed me with a grievous curse in the day when I went to Mahanaim: but he came down to meet me at Jordan, and I sware to him by the LORD, saying, I will not put thee to death with the sword.	
1 Kings 3:11	And God said unto him, Because thou hast asked this thing, and hast not asked for thyself long life; neither hast asked riches for thyself, nor hast asked the life of thine enemies; but hast asked for thyself understanding to discern judgment;	
1 Kings 3:13	And I have also given thee that which thou hast not asked, both riches, and honor: so that there shall not be any among the kings like unto thee all thy days.	
1 Kings 3:17	And the one woman said, O my lord, I and this woman dwell in one house; and I was delivered of a child with her in the house.	
1 Kings 3:18	And it came to pass the third day after that I was delivered, that this woman was delivered also: and we were together; there was no stranger with us in the house, save we two in the house.	
1 Kings 3:27	Then the king answered and said, Give her the living child, and in no wise slay it: she is the mother thereof.	
1 Kings 3:4	And the king went to Gibeon to sacrifice there; for that was the great high place: a thousand burnt offerings did Solomon offer upon that altar.	
1 Kings 3:5	In Gibeon the LORD appeared to Solomon in a dream by night: and God said, Ask what I shall give thee.	
1 Kings 3:6	And Solomon said, Thou hast showed unto thy servant David my father great mercy, according as he walked before thee in truth, and in righteousness, and in uprightness of heart with thee; and thou hast kept for him this great kindness, that thou hast given him a son to sit on his throne, as it is this day.	
1 Kings 4:20	Judah and Israel were many, as the sand which is by the sea in multitude, eating and drinking, and making merry.	
1 Kings 4:24	For he had dominion over all the region on this side the river, from Tiphsah even to Azzah, over all the kings on this side the river: and he had peace on all sides round about him.	
1 Kings 4:31	For he was wiser than all men; than Ethan the Ezrahite, and Heman, and Chalcol, and Darda, the sons of Mahol: and his fame was in all nations round about.	
1 Kings 4:32	And he spake three thousand proverbs: and his songs were a thousand and five.	
1 Kings 5:10	So Hiram gave Solomon cedar trees and fir trees according to all his desire.	
1 Kings 5:2	And Solomon sent to Hiram, saying,	
1 Kings 5:3	Thou knowest how that David my father could not build an house unto the name of the LORD his God for the wars which were about him on every side, until the LORD put them under the soles of his feet.	
1 Kings 5:5	And, behold, I purpose to build an house unto the name of the LORD my God, as the LORD spake unto David my father, saying, Thy son, whom I will set upon thy throne in thy room, he shall build an house unto my name.	
1 Kings 5:8	And Hiram sent to Solomon, saying, I have considered the things which thou sentest to me for: and I will do all thy desire concerning timber of cedar, and concerning timber of fir.	
1 Kings 6:1	And it came to pass in the four hundred and eightieth year after the children of Israel were come out of the land of Egypt, in the fourth year of Solomon's reign over Israel, in the month Zif, which is the second month, that he began to build the house of the LORD.	
1 Kings 6:15	And he built the walls of the house within with boards of cedar, both the floor of the house, and the walls of the ceiling: and he covered them on the inside with wood, and covered the floor of the house with planks of fir.	
1 Kings 6:16	And he built twenty cubits on the sides of the house, both the floor and the walls with boards of cedar: he even built them for it within, even for the oracle, even for the most holy place.	
1 Kings 6:17	And the house, that is, the temple before it, was forty cubits long.	
1 Kings 6:19	And the oracle he prepared in the house within, to set there the ark of the covenant of the LORD.	
1 Kings 6:22	And the whole house he overlaid with gold, until he had finished all the house: also the whole altar that was by the oracle he overlaid with gold.	
1 Kings 6:27	And he set the cherubim within the inner house: and they stretched forth the wings of the cherubim, so that the wing of the one touched the one wall, and the wing of the other cherub touched the other wall; and their wings touched one another in the midst of the house.	
1 Kings 6:28	And he overlaid the cherubim with gold.	
1 Kings 6:3	And the porch before the temple of the house, twenty cubits was the length thereof, according to the breadth of the house; and ten cubits was the breadth thereof before the house.	
1 Kings 6:31	And for the entering of the oracle he made doors of olive tree: the lintel and side posts were a fifth part of the wall.	
1 Kings 6:9	So he built the house, and finished it; and covered the house with beams and boards of cedar.	
1 Kings 7:18	And he made the pillars, and two rows round about upon the one network, to cover the chapiters that were upon the top, with pomegranates: and so did he for the other chapiter.	
1 Kings 7:19	And the chapiters that were upon the top of the pillars were of lily work in the porch, four cubits.	
1 Kings 7:2	He built also the house of the forest of Lebanon; the length thereof was an hundred cubits, and the breadth thereof fifty cubits, and the height thereof thirty cubits, upon four rows of cedar pillars, with cedar beams upon the pillars.	
1 Kings 7:20	And the chapiters upon the two pillars had pomegranates also above, over against the belly which was by the network: and the pomegranates were two hundred in rows round about upon the other chapiter.	
1 Kings 7:21	And he set up the pillars in the porch of the temple: and he set up the right pillar, and called the name thereof Jachin: and he set up the left pillar, and called the name thereof Boaz.	
1 Kings 7:26	And it was an hand breadth thick, and the brim thereof was wrought like the brim of a cup, with flowers of lilies: it contained two thousand baths.	
1 Kings 7:3	And it was covered with cedar above upon the beams, that lay on forty five pillars, fifteen in a row.	
1 Kings 7:35	And in the top of the base was there a round compass of half a cubit high: and on the top of the base the ledges thereof and the borders thereof were of the same.	
1 Kings 7:37	After this manner he made the ten bases: all of them had one casting, one measure, and one size.	
1 Kings 7:38	Then made he ten lavers of brass: one laver contained forty baths: and every laver was four cubits: and upon every one of the ten bases one laver.	
1 Kings 7:44	And one sea, and twelve oxen under the sea;	
1 Kings 7:51	So was ended all the work that king Solomon made for the house of the LORD. And Solomon brought in the things which David his father had dedicated; even the silver, and the gold, and the vessels, did he put among the treasures of the house of the LORD.	
1 Kings 7:8	And his house where he dwelt had another court within the porch, which was of the like work. Solomon made also an house for Pharaoh's daughter, whom he had taken to wife, like unto this porch.	
1 Kings 8:11	So that the priests could not stand to minister because of the cloud: for the glory of the LORD had filled the house of the LORD.	
1 Kings 8:13	I have surely built thee an house to dwell in, a settled place for thee to abide in for ever.	
1 Kings 8:16	Since the day that I brought forth my people Israel out of Egypt, I chose no city out of all the tribes of Israel to build an house, that my name might be therein; but I chose David to be over my people Israel.	
1 Kings 8:18	And the LORD said unto David my father, Whereas it was in thine heart to build an house unto my name, thou didst well that it was in thine heart.	
1 Kings 8:2	And all the men of Israel assembled themselves unto king Solomon at the feast in the month Ethanim, which is the seventh month.	
1 Kings 8:20	And the LORD hath performed his word that he spake, and I am risen up in the room of David my father, and sit on the throne of Israel, as the LORD promised, and have built an house for the name of the LORD God of Israel.	
1 Kings 8:21	And I have set there a place for the ark, wherein is the covenant of the LORD, which he made with our fathers, when he brought them out of the land of Egypt.	
1 Kings 8:22	And Solomon stood before the altar of the LORD in the presence of all the congregation of Israel, and spread forth his hands toward heaven:	
1 Kings 8:24	Who hast kept with thy servant David my father that thou promisedst him: thou spakest also with thy mouth, and hast fulfilled it with thine hand, as it is this day.	
1 Kings 8:28	Yet have thou respect unto the prayer of thy servant, and to his supplication, O LORD my God, to hearken unto the cry and to the prayer, which thy servant prayeth before thee to day:	
1 Kings 8:30	And hearken thou to the supplication of thy servant, and of thy people Israel, when they shall pray toward this place: and hear thou in heaven thy dwelling place: and when thou hearest, forgive.	
1 Kings 8:33	When thy people Israel be smitten down before the enemy, because they have sinned against thee, and shall turn again to thee, and confess thy name, and pray, and make supplication unto thee in this house:	
1 Kings 8:36	Then hear thou in heaven, and forgive the sin of thy servants, and of thy people Israel, that thou teach them the good way wherein they should walk, and give rain upon thy land, which thou hast given to thy people for an inheritance.	
1 Kings 8:41	Moreover concerning a stranger, that is not of thy people Israel, but cometh out of a far country for thy name's sake;	
1 Kings 8:50	And forgive thy people that have sinned against thee, and all their transgressions wherein they have transgressed against thee, and give them compassion before them who carried them captive, that they may have compassion on them:	
1 Kings 8:6	And the priests brought in the ark of the covenant of the LORD unto his place, into the oracle of the house, to the most holy place, even under the wings of the cherubim.	
1 Kings 8:62	And the king, and all Israel with him, offered sacrifice before the LORD.	
1 Kings 8:7	For the cherubim spread forth their two wings over the place of the ark, and the cherubim covered the ark and the staves thereof above.	
1 Kings 8:9	There was nothing in the ark save the two tables of stone, which Moses put there at Horeb, when the LORD made a covenant with the children of Israel, when they came out of the land of Egypt.	
1 Kings 9:10	And it came to pass at the end of twenty years, when Solomon had built the two houses, the house of the LORD, and the king's house,	
1 Kings 9:15	And this is the reason of the levy which king Solomon raised; for to build the house of the LORD, and his own house, and Millo, and the wall of Jerusalem, and Hazor, and Megiddo, and Gezer.	
1 Kings 9:16	For Pharaoh king of Egypt had gone up, and taken Gezer, and burnt it with fire, and slain the Canaanites that dwelt in the city, and given it for a present unto his daughter, Solomon's wife.	
1 Kings 9:21	Their children that were left after them in the land, whom the children of Israel also were not able utterly to destroy, upon those did Solomon levy a tribute of bondservice unto this day.	
1 Kings 9:27	And Hiram sent in the navy his servants, shipmen that had knowledge of the sea, with the servants of Solomon.	
1 Kings 9:3	And the LORD said unto him, I have heard thy prayer and thy supplication, that thou hast made before me: I have hallowed this house, which thou hast built, to put my name there for ever; and mine eyes and mine heart shall be there perpetually.	
1 Kings 9:4	And if thou wilt walk before me, as David thy father walked, in integrity of heart, and in uprightness, to do according to all that I have commanded thee, and wilt keep my statutes and my judgments:	
1 Peter 1:1	Peter, an apostle of Jesus Christ, to the strangers scattered throughout Pontus, Galatia, Cappadocia, Asia, and Bithynia,	
1 Peter 1:13	Wherefore gird up the loins of your mind, be sober, and hope to the end for the grace that is to be brought unto you at the revelation of Jesus Christ;	
1 Peter 1:16	Because it is written, Be ye holy; for I am holy.	
1 Peter 1:18	Forasmuch as ye know that ye were not redeemed with corruptible things, as silver and gold, from your vain conversation received by tradition from your fathers;	
1 Peter 1:19	But with the precious blood of Christ, as of a lamb without blemish and without spot:	
1 Peter 1:3	Blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, which according to his abundant mercy hath begotten us again unto a lively hope by the resurrection of Jesus Christ from the dead,	
1 Peter 1:9	Receiving the end of your faith, even the salvation of your souls.	
1 Peter 2:10	Which in time past were not a people, but are now the people of God: which had not obtained mercy, but now have obtained mercy.	
1 Peter 2:14	Or unto governors, as unto them that are sent by him for the punishment of evildoers, and for the praise of them that do well.	
1 Peter 2:17	Honour all men. Love the brotherhood. Fear God. Honour the king.	
1 Peter 2:22	Who did no sin, neither was guile found in his mouth:	
1 Peter 2:23	Who, when he was reviled, reviled not again; when he suffered, he threatened not; but committed himself to him that judgeth righteously:	
1 Peter 3:10	For he that will love life, and see good days, let him refrain his tongue from evil, and his lips that they speak no guile:	
1 Peter 3:19	By which also he went and preached unto the spirits in prison;	
1 Peter 3:21	The like figure whereunto even baptism doth also now save us (not the putting away of the filth of the flesh, but the answer of a good conscience toward God,) by the resurrection of Jesus Christ:	
1 Peter 3:22	Who is gone into heaven, and is on the right hand of God; angels and authorities and powers being made subject unto him.	
1 Peter 3:4	But let it be the hidden man of the heart, in that which is not corruptible, even the ornament of a meek and quiet spirit, which is in the sight of God of great price.	
1 Peter 3:8	Finally, be ye all of one mind, having compassion one of another, love as brethren, be pitiful, be courteous:	
1 Peter 4:10	As every man hath received the gift, even so minister the same one to another, as good stewards of the manifold grace of God.	
1 Peter 4:11	If any man speak, let him speak as the oracles of God; if any man minister, let him do it as of the ability which God giveth: that God in all things may be glorified through Jesus Christ, to whom be praise and dominion for ever and ever. Amen.	
1 Peter 4:13	But rejoice, inasmuch as ye are partakers of Christ's sufferings; that, when his glory shall be revealed, ye may be glad also with exceeding joy.	
1 Peter 4:15	But let none of you suffer as a murderer, or as a thief, or as an evildoer, or as a busybody in other men's matters.	
1 Peter 4:17	For the time is come that judgment must begin at the house of God: and if it first begin at us, what shall the end be of them that obey not the gospel of God?	
1 Peter 4:19	Wherefore let them that suffer according to the will of God commit the keeping of their souls to him in well doing, as unto a faithful Creator.	
1 Peter 4:2	That he no longer should live the rest of his time in the flesh to the lusts of men, but to the will of God.	
1 Peter 5:1	The elders which are among you I exhort, who am also an elder, and a witness of the sufferings of Christ, and also a partaker of the glory that shall be revealed:	
1 Peter 5:12	By Silvanus, a faithful brother unto you, as I suppose, I have written briefly, exhorting, and testifying that this is the true grace of God wherein ye stand.	
1 Peter 5:13	The church that is at Babylon, elected together with you, saluteth you; and so doth Marcus my son.	
1 Peter 5:6	Humble yourselves therefore under the mighty hand of God, that he may exalt you in due time:	
1 Peter 5:7	Casting all your care upon him; for he careth for you.	
1 Samuel 10:17	And Samuel called the people together unto the LORD to Mizpeh;	
1 Samuel 10:19	And ye have this day rejected your God, who himself saved you out of all your adversities and your tribulations; and ye have said unto him, Nay, but set a king over us. Now therefore present yourselves before the LORD by your tribes, and by your thousands.	
1 Samuel 10:2	When thou art departed from me to day, then thou shalt find two men by Rachel's sepulchre in the border of Benjamin at Zelzah; and they will say unto thee, The asses which thou wentest to seek are found: and, lo, thy father hath left the care of the asses, and sorroweth for you, saying, What shall I do for my son?	
1 Samuel 10:25	Then Samuel told the people the manner of the kingdom, and wrote it in a book, and laid it up before the LORD. And Samuel sent all the people away, every man to his house.	
1 Samuel 10:4	And they will salute thee, and give thee two loaves of bread; which thou shalt receive of their hands.	
1 Samuel 10:6	And the Spirit of the LORD will come upon thee, and thou shalt prophesy with them, and shalt be turned into another man.	
1 Samuel 10:8	And thou shalt go down before me to Gilgal; and, behold, I will come down unto thee, to offer burnt offerings, and to sacrifice sacrifices of peace offerings: seven days shalt thou tarry, till I come to thee, and show thee what thou shalt do.	
1 Samuel 10:9	And it was so, that when he had turned his back to go from Samuel, God gave him another heart: and all those signs came to pass that day.	
1 Samuel 11:1	Then Nahash the Ammonite came up, and encamped against Jabeshgilead: and all the men of Jabesh said unto Nahash, Make a covenant with us, and we will serve thee.	
1 Samuel 11:13	And Saul said, There shall not a man be put to death this day: for to day the LORD hath wrought salvation in Israel.	
1 Samuel 11:2	And Nahash the Ammonite answered them, On this condition will I make a covenant with you, that I may thrust out all your right eyes, and lay it for a reproach upon all Israel.	
1 Samuel 11:3	And the elders of Jabesh said unto him, Give us seven days' respite, that we may send messengers unto all the coasts of Israel: and then, if there be no man to save us, we will come out to thee.	
1 Samuel 11:4	Then came the messengers to Gibeah of Saul, and told the tidings in the ears of the people: and all the people lifted up their voices, and wept.	
1 Samuel 11:7	And he took a yoke of oxen, and hewed them in pieces, and sent them throughout all the coasts of Israel by the hands of messengers, saying, Whosoever cometh not forth after Saul and after Samuel, so shall it be done unto his oxen. And the fear of the LORD fell on the people, and they came out with one consent.	
1 Samuel 11:8	And when he numbered them in Bezek, the children of Israel were three hundred thousand, and the men of Judah thirty thousand.	
1 Samuel 12:10	And they cried unto the LORD, and said, We have sinned, because we have forsaken the LORD, and have served Baalim and Ashtaroth: but now deliver us out of the hand of our enemies, and we will serve thee.	
1 Samuel 12:11	And the LORD sent Jerubbaal, and Bedan, and Jephthah, and Samuel, and delivered you out of the hand of your enemies on every side, and ye dwelled safe.	
1 Samuel 12:16	Now therefore stand and see this great thing, which the LORD will do before your eyes.	
1 Samuel 12:19	And all the people said unto Samuel, Pray for thy servants unto the LORD thy God, that we die not: for we have added unto all our sins this evil, to ask us a king.	
1 Samuel 12:21	And turn ye not aside: for then should ye go after vain things, which cannot profit nor deliver; for they are vain.	
1 Samuel 12:22	For the LORD will not forsake his people for his great name's sake: because it hath pleased the LORD to make you his people.	
1 Samuel 12:24	Only fear the LORD, and serve him in truth with all your heart: for consider how great things he hath done for you.	
1 Samuel 12:7	Now therefore stand still, that I may reason with you before the LORD of all the righteous acts of the LORD, which he did to you and to your fathers.	
1 Samuel 13:19	Now there was no smith found throughout all the land of Israel: for the Philistines said, Lest the Hebrews make them swords or spears:	
1 Samuel 13:22	So it came to pass in the day of battle, that there was neither sword nor spear found in the hand of any of the people that were with Saul and Jonathan: but with Saul and with Jonathan his son was there found.	
1 Samuel 13:6	When the men of Israel saw that they were in a strait, (for the people were distressed,) then the people did hide themselves in caves, and in thickets, and in rocks, and in high places, and in pits.	
1 Samuel 13:8	And he tarried seven days, according to the set time that Samuel had appointed: but Samuel came not to Gilgal; and the people were scattered from him.	
1 Samuel 14:17	Then said Saul unto the people that were with him, Number now, and see who is gone from us. And when they had numbered, behold, Jonathan and his armourbearer were not there.	
1 Samuel 14:2	And Saul tarried in the uttermost part of Gibeah under a pomegranate tree which is in Migron: and the people that were with him were about six hundred men;	
1 Samuel 14:23	So the LORD saved Israel that day: and the battle passed over unto Bethaven.	
1 Samuel 14:24	And the men of Israel were distressed that day: for Saul had adjured the people, saying, Cursed be the man that eateth any food until evening, that I may be avenged on mine enemies. So none of the people tasted any food.	
1 Samuel 14:29	Then said Jonathan, My father hath troubled the land: see, I pray you, how mine eyes have been enlightened, because I tasted a little of this honey.	
1 Samuel 14:33	Then they told Saul, saying, Behold, the people sin against the LORD, in that they eat with the blood. And he said, Ye have transgressed: roll a great stone unto me this day.	
1 Samuel 14:34	And Saul said, Disperse yourselves among the people, and say unto them, Bring me hither every man his ox, and every man his sheep, and slay them here, and eat; and sin not against the LORD in eating with the blood. And all the people brought every man his ox with him that night, and slew them there.	
1 Samuel 14:36	And Saul said, Let us go down after the Philistines by night, and spoil them until the morning light, and let us not leave a man of them. And they said, Do whatsoever seemeth good unto thee. Then said the priest, Let us draw near hither unto God.	
1 Samuel 14:41	Therefore Saul said unto the LORD God of Israel, Give a perfect lot. And Saul and Jonathan were taken: but the people escaped.	
1 Samuel 14:42	And Saul said, Cast lots between me and Jonathan my son. And Jonathan was taken.	
1 Samuel 14:48	And he gathered an host, and smote the Amalekites, and delivered Israel out of the hands of them that spoiled them.	
1 Samuel 14:9	If they say thus unto us, Tarry until we come to you; then we will stand still in our place, and will not go up unto them.	
1 Samuel 15:13	And Samuel came to Saul: and Saul said unto him, Blessed be thou of the LORD: I have performed the commandment of the LORD.	
1 Samuel 15:18	And the LORD sent thee on a journey, and said, Go and utterly destroy the sinners the Amalekites, and fight against them until they be consumed.	
1 Samuel 15:2	Thus saith the LORD of hosts, I remember that which Amalek did to Israel, how he laid wait for him in the way, when he came up from Egypt.	
1 Samuel 15:21	But the people took of the spoil, sheep and oxen, the chief of the things which should have been utterly destroyed, to sacrifice unto the LORD thy God in Gilgal.	
1 Samuel 15:26	And Samuel said unto Saul, I will not return with thee: for thou hast rejected the word of the LORD, and the LORD hath rejected thee from being king over Israel.	
1 Samuel 15:28	And Samuel said unto him, The LORD hath rent the kingdom of Israel from thee this day, and hath given it to a neighbor of thine, that is better than thou.	
1 Samuel 15:29	And also the Strength of Israel will not lie nor repent: for he is not a man, that he should repent.	
1 Samuel 15:3	Now go and smite Amalek, and utterly destroy all that they have, and spare them not; but slay both man and woman, infant and suckling, ox and sheep, camel and ass.	
1 Samuel 15:32	Then said Samuel, Bring ye hither to me Agag the king of the Amalekites. And Agag came unto him delicately. And Agag said, Surely the bitterness of death is past.	
1 Samuel 16:11	And Samuel said unto Jesse, Are here all thy children? And he said, There remaineth yet the youngest, and, behold, he keepeth the sheep. And Samuel said unto Jesse, Send and fetch him: for we will not sit down till he come hither.	
1 Samuel 16:15	And Saul's servants said unto him, Behold now, an evil spirit from God troubleth thee.	
1 Samuel 16:19	Wherefore Saul sent messengers unto Jesse, and said, Send me David thy son, which is with the sheep.	
1 Samuel 16:2	And Samuel said, How can I go? if Saul hear it, he will kill me. And the LORD said, Take an heifer with thee, and say, I am come to sacrifice to the LORD.	
1 Samuel 16:23	And it came to pass, when the evil spirit from God was upon Saul, that David took an harp, and played with his hand: so Saul was refreshed, and was well, and the evil spirit departed from him.	
1 Samuel 16:5	And he said, Peaceably: I am come to sacrifice unto the LORD: sanctify yourselves, and come with me to the sacrifice. And he sanctified Jesse and his sons, and called them to the sacrifice.	
1 Samuel 16:6	And it came to pass, when they were come, that he looked on Eliab, and said, Surely the LORD's anointed is before him.	
1 Samuel 16:7	But the LORD said unto Samuel, Look not on his countenance, or on the height of his stature; because I have refused him: for the LORD seeth not as man seeth; for man looketh on the outward appearance, but the LORD looketh on the heart.	
1 Samuel 17:1	Now the Philistines gathered together their armies to battle, and were gathered together at Shochoh, which belongeth to Judah, and pitched between Shochoh and Azekah, in Ephesdammim.	
1 Samuel 17:11	When Saul and all Israel heard those words of the Philistine, they were dismayed, and greatly afraid.	
1 Samuel 17:15	But David went and returned from Saul to feed his father's sheep at Bethlehem.	
1 Samuel 17:17	And Jesse said unto David his son, Take now for thy brethren an ephah of this parched corn, and these ten loaves, and run to the camp of thy brethren;	
1 Samuel 17:18	And carry these ten cheeses unto the captain of their thousand, and look how thy brethren fare, and take their pledge.	
1 Samuel 17:22	And David left his carriage in the hand of the keeper of the carriage, and ran into the army, and came and saluted his brethren.	
1 Samuel 17:27	And the people answered him after this manner, saying, So shall it be done to the man that killeth him.	
1 Samuel 17:28	And Eliab his eldest brother heard when he spake unto the men; and Eliab's anger was kindled against David, and he said, Why camest thou down hither? and with whom hast thou left those few sheep in the wilderness? I know thy pride, and the naughtiness of thine heart; for thou art come down that thou mightest see the battle.	
1 Samuel 17:29	And David said, What have I now done? Is there not a cause?	
1 Samuel 17:32	And David said to Saul, Let no man's heart fail because of him; thy servant will go and fight with this Philistine.	
1 Samuel 17:36	Thy servant slew both the lion and the bear: and this uncircumcised Philistine shall be as one of them, seeing he hath defied the armies of the living God.	
1 Samuel 17:42	And when the Philistine looked about, and saw David, he disdained him: for he was but a youth, and ruddy, and of a fair countenance.	
1 Samuel 17:46	This day will the LORD deliver thee into mine hand; and I will smite thee, and take thine head from thee; and I will give the carcasses of the host of the Philistines this day unto the fowls of the air, and to the wild beasts of the earth; that all the earth may know that there is a God in Israel.	
1 Samuel 17:55	And when Saul saw David go forth against the Philistine, he said unto Abner, the captain of the host, Abner, whose son is this youth? And Abner said, As thy soul liveth, O king, I cannot tell.	
1 Samuel 17:58	And Saul said to him, Whose son art thou, thou young man? And David answered, I am the son of thy servant Jesse the Bethlehemite.	
1 Samuel 17:6	And he had greaves of brass upon his legs, and a target of brass between his shoulders.	
1 Samuel 17:8	And he stood and cried unto the armies of Israel, and said unto them, Why are ye come out to set your battle in array? am not I a Philistine, and ye servants to Saul? choose you a man for you, and let him come down to me.	
1 Samuel 18:1	And it came to pass, when he had made an end of speaking unto Saul, that the soul of Jonathan was knit with the soul of David, and Jonathan loved him as his own soul.	
1 Samuel 18:11	And Saul cast the javelin; for he said, I will smite David even to the wall with it. And David avoided out of his presence twice.	
1 Samuel 18:13	Therefore Saul removed him from him, and made him his captain over a thousand; and he went out and came in before the people.	
1 Samuel 18:23	And Saul's servants spake those words in the ears of David. And David said, Seemeth it to you a light thing to be a king's son in law, seeing that I am a poor man, and lightly esteemed?	
1 Samuel 18:28	And Saul saw and knew that the LORD was with David, and that Michal Saul's daughter loved him.	
1 Samuel 18:29	And Saul was yet the more afraid of David; and Saul became David's enemy continually.	
1 Samuel 18:3	Then Jonathan and David made a covenant, because he loved him as his own soul.	
1 Samuel 19:14	And when Saul sent messengers to take David, she said, He is sick.	
1 Samuel 19:15	And Saul sent the messengers again to see David, saying, Bring him up to me in the bed, that I may slay him.	
1 Samuel 19:18	So David fled, and escaped, and came to Samuel to Ramah, and told him all that Saul had done to him. And he and Samuel went and dwelt in Naioth.	
1 Samuel 19:23	And he went thither to Naioth in Ramah: and the Spirit of God was upon him also, and he went on, and prophesied, until he came to Naioth in Ramah.	
1 Samuel 1:13	Now Hannah, she spake in her heart; only her lips moved, but her voice was not heard: therefore Eli thought she had been drunken.	
1 Samuel 1:14	And Eli said unto her, How long wilt thou be drunken? put away thy wine from thee.	
1 Samuel 1:20	Wherefore it came to pass, when the time was come about after Hannah had conceived, that she bare a son, and called his name Samuel, saying, Because I have asked him of the LORD.	
1 Samuel 1:22	But Hannah went not up; for she said unto her husband, I will not go up until the child be weaned, and then I will bring him, that he may appear before the LORD, and there abide for ever.	
1 Samuel 1:25	And they slew a bullock, and brought the child to Eli.	
1 Samuel 1:26	And she said, Oh my lord, as thy soul liveth, my lord, I am the woman that stood by thee here, praying unto the LORD.	
1 Samuel 20:10	Then said David to Jonathan, Who shall tell me? or what if thy father answer thee roughly?	
1 Samuel 20:12	And Jonathan said unto David, O LORD God of Israel, when I have sounded my father about to morrow any time, or the third day, and, behold, if there be good toward David, and I then send not unto thee, and show it thee;	
1 Samuel 20:18	Then Jonathan said to David, To morrow is the new moon: and thou shalt be missed, because thy seat will be empty.	
1 Samuel 20:19	And when thou hast stayed three days, then thou shalt go down quickly, and come to the place where thou didst hide thyself when the business was in hand, and shalt remain by the stone Ezel.	
1 Samuel 20:2	And he said unto him, God forbid; thou shalt not die: behold, my father will do nothing either great or small, but that he will show it me: and why should my father hide this thing from me? it is not so.	
1 Samuel 20:26	Nevertheless Saul spake not any thing that day: for he thought, Something hath befallen him, he is not clean; surely he is not clean.	
1 Samuel 20:30	Then Saul's anger was kindled against Jonathan, and he said unto him, Thou son of the perverse rebellious woman, do not I know that thou hast chosen the son of Jesse to thine own confusion, and unto the confusion of thy mother's nakedness?	
1 Samuel 20:32	And Jonathan answered Saul his father, and said unto him, Wherefore shall he be slain? what hath he done?	
1 Samuel 20:36	And he said unto his lad, Run, find out now the arrows which I shoot. And as the lad ran, he shot an arrow beyond him.	
1 Samuel 20:38	And Jonathan cried after the lad, Make speed, haste, stay not. And Jonathan's lad gathered up the arrows, and came to his master.	
1 Samuel 20:4	Then said Jonathan unto David, Whatsoever thy soul desireth, I will even do it for thee.	
1 Samuel 20:6	If thy father at all miss me, then say, David earnestly asked leave of me that he might run to Bethlehem his city: for there is a yearly sacrifice there for all the family.	
1 Samuel 21:13	And he changed his behavior before them, and feigned himself mad in their hands, and scrabbled on the doors of the gate, and let his spittle fall down upon his beard.	
1 Samuel 21:15	Have I need of mad men, that ye have brought this fellow to play the mad man in my presence? shall this fellow come into my house?	
1 Samuel 21:7	Now a certain man of the servants of Saul was there that day, detained before the LORD; and his name was Doeg, an Edomite, the chiefest of the herdmen that belonged to Saul.	
1 Samuel 21:8	And David said unto Ahimelech, And is there not here under thine hand spear or sword? for I have neither brought my sword nor my weapons with me, because the king's business required haste.	
1 Samuel 22:1	David therefore departed thence, and escaped to the cave Adullam: and when his brethren and all his father's house heard it, they went down thither to him.	
1 Samuel 22:12	And Saul said, Hear now, thou son of Ahitub. And he answered, Here I am, my lord.	
1 Samuel 22:14	Then Ahimelech answered the king, and said, And who is so faithful among all thy servants as David, which is the king's son in law, and goeth at thy bidding, and is honorable in thine house?	
1 Samuel 22:3	And David went thence to Mizpeh of Moab: and he said unto the king of Moab, Let my father and my mother, I pray thee, come forth, and be with you, till I know what God will do for me.	
1 Samuel 22:4	And he brought them before the king of Moab: and they dwelt with him all the while that David was in the hold.	
1 Samuel 22:8	That all of you have conspired against me, and there is none that showeth me that my son hath made a league with the son of Jesse, and there is none of you that is sorry for me, or showeth unto me that my son hath stirred up my servant against me, to lie in wait, as at this day?	
1 Samuel 23:16	And Jonathan Saul's son arose, and went to David into the wood, and strengthened his hand in God.	
1 Samuel 23:17	And he said unto him, Fear not: for the hand of Saul my father shall not find thee; and thou shalt be king over Israel, and I shall be next unto thee; and that also Saul my father knoweth.	
1 Samuel 23:20	Now therefore, O king, come down according to all the desire of thy soul to come down; and our part shall be to deliver him into the king's hand.	
1 Samuel 23:22	Go, I pray you, prepare yet, and know and see his place where his haunt is, and who hath seen him there: for it is told me that he dealeth very subtilly.	
1 Samuel 23:24	And they arose, and went to Ziph before Saul: but David and his men were in the wilderness of Maon, in the plain on the south of Jeshimon.	
1 Samuel 23:27	But there came a messenger unto Saul, saying, Haste thee, and come; for the Philistines have invaded the land.	
1 Samuel 23:29	And David went up from thence, and dwelt in strong holds at Engedi.	
1 Samuel 23:6	And it came to pass, when Abiathar the son of Ahimelech fled to David to Keilah, that he came down with an ephod in his hand.	
1 Samuel 24:13	As saith the proverb of the ancients, Wickedness proceedeth from the wicked: but mine hand shall not be upon thee.	
1 Samuel 24:15	The LORD therefore be judge, and judge between me and thee, and see, and plead my cause, and deliver me out of thine hand.	
1 Samuel 24:2	Then Saul took three thousand chosen men out of all Israel, and went to seek David and his men upon the rocks of the wild goats.	
1 Samuel 24:21	Swear now therefore unto me by the LORD, that thou wilt not cut off my seed after me, and that thou wilt not destroy my name out of my father's house.	
1 Samuel 24:4	And the men of David said unto him, Behold the day of which the LORD said unto thee, Behold, I will deliver thine enemy into thine hand, that thou mayest do to him as it shall seem good unto thee. Then David arose, and cut off the skirt of Saul's robe privily.	
1 Samuel 24:6	And he said unto his men, The LORD forbid that I should do this thing unto my master, the LORD's anointed, to stretch forth mine hand against him, seeing he is the anointed of the LORD.	
1 Samuel 24:7	So David stayed his servants with these words, and suffered them not to rise against Saul. But Saul rose up out of the cave, and went on his way.	
1 Samuel 25:11	Shall I then take my bread, and my water, and my flesh that I have killed for my shearers, and give it unto men, whom I know not whence they be?	
1 Samuel 25:15	But the men were very good unto us, and we were not hurt, neither missed we any thing, as long as we were conversant with them, when we were in the fields:	
1 Samuel 25:21	Now David had said, Surely in vain have I kept all that this fellow hath in the wilderness, so that nothing was missed of all that pertained unto him: and he hath requited me evil for good.	
1 Samuel 25:23	And when Abigail saw David, she hasted, and lighted off the ass, and fell before David on her face, and bowed herself to the ground,	
1 Samuel 25:33	And blessed be thy advice, and blessed be thou, which hast kept me this day from coming to shed blood, and from avenging myself with mine own hand.	
1 Samuel 25:35	So David received of her hand that which she had brought him, and said unto her, Go up in peace to thine house; see, I have hearkened to thy voice, and have accepted thy person.	
1 Samuel 25:39	And when David heard that Nabal was dead, he said, Blessed be the LORD, that hath pleaded the cause of my reproach from the hand of Nabal, and hath kept his servant from evil: for the LORD hath returned the wickedness of Nabal upon his own head. And David sent and communed with Abigail, to take her to him to wife.	
1 Samuel 25:40	And when the servants of David were come to Abigail to Carmel, they spake unto her, saying, David sent us unto thee, to take thee to him to wife.	
1 Samuel 25:42	And Abigail hasted, and arose and rode upon an ass, with five damsels of hers that went after her; and she went after the messengers of David, and became his wife.	
1 Samuel 25:44	But Saul had given Michal his daughter, David's wife, to Phalti the son of Laish, which was of Gallim.	
1 Samuel 25:6	And thus shall ye say to him that liveth in prosperity, Peace be both to thee, and peace be to thine house, and peace be unto all that thou hast.	
1 Samuel 25:7	And now I have heard that thou hast shearers: now thy shepherds which were with us, we hurt them not, neither was there ought missing unto them, all the while they were in Carmel.	
1 Samuel 26:10	David said furthermore, As the LORD liveth, the LORD shall smite him; or his day shall come to die; or he shall descend into battle, and perish.	
1 Samuel 26:15	And David said to Abner, Art not thou a valiant man? and who is like to thee in Israel? wherefore then hast thou not kept thy lord the king? for there came one of the people in to destroy the king thy lord.	
1 Samuel 26:17	And Saul knew David's voice, and said, Is this thy voice, my son David? And David said, It is my voice, my lord, O king.	
1 Samuel 26:19	Now therefore, I pray thee, let my lord the king hear the words of his servant. If the LORD have stirred thee up against me, let him accept an offering: but if they be the children of men, cursed be they before the LORD; for they have driven me out this day from abiding in the inheritance of the LORD, saying, Go, serve other gods.	
1 Samuel 26:21	Then said Saul, I have sinned: return, my son David: for I will no more do thee harm, because my soul was precious in thine eyes this day: behold, I have played the fool, and have erred exceedingly.	
1 Samuel 27:2	And David arose, and he passed over with the six hundred men that were with him unto Achish, the son of Maoch, king of Gath.	
1 Samuel 27:3	And David dwelt with Achish at Gath, he and his men, every man with his household, even David with his two wives, Ahinoam the Jezreelitess, and Abigail the Carmelitess, Nabal's wife.	
1 Samuel 27:4	And it was told Saul that David was fled to Gath: and he sought no more again for him.	
1 Samuel 27:6	Then Achish gave him Ziklag that day: wherefore Ziklag pertaineth unto the kings of Judah unto this day.	
1 Samuel 27:9	And David smote the land, and left neither man nor woman alive, and took away the sheep, and the oxen, and the asses, and the camels, and the apparel, and returned, and came to Achish.	
1 Samuel 28:14	And he said unto her, What form is he of? And she said, An old man cometh up; and he is covered with a mantle. And Saul perceived that it was Samuel, and he stooped with his face to the ground, and bowed himself.	
1 Samuel 28:16	Then said Samuel, Wherefore then dost thou ask of me, seeing the LORD is departed from thee, and is become thine enemy?	
1 Samuel 28:19	Moreover the LORD will also deliver Israel with thee into the hand of the Philistines: and to morrow shalt thou and thy sons be with me: the LORD also shall deliver the host of Israel into the hand of the Philistines.	
1 Samuel 28:23	But he refused, and said, I will not eat. But his servants, together with the woman, compelled him; and he hearkened unto their voice. So he arose from the earth, and sat upon the bed.	
1 Samuel 28:3	Now Samuel was dead, and all Israel had lamented him, and buried him in Ramah, even in his own city. And Saul had put away those that had familiar spirits, and the wizards, out of the land.	
1 Samuel 28:7	Then said Saul unto his servants, Seek me a woman that hath a familiar spirit, that I may go to her, and inquire of her. And his servants said to him, Behold, there is a woman that hath a familiar spirit at Endor.	
1 Samuel 28:8	And Saul disguised himself, and put on other raiment, and he went, and two men with him, and they came to the woman by night: and he said, I pray thee, divine unto me by the familiar spirit, and bring me him up, whom I shall name unto thee.	
1 Samuel 29:5	Is not this David, of whom they sang one to another in dances, saying, Saul slew his thousands, and David his ten thousands?	
1 Samuel 2:1	And Hannah prayed, and said, My heart rejoiceth in the LORD, mine horn is exalted in the LORD: my mouth is enlarged over mine enemies; because I rejoice in thy salvation.	
1 Samuel 2:11	And Elkanah went to Ramah to his house. And the child did minister unto the LORD before Eli the priest.	
1 Samuel 2:26	And the child Samuel grew on, and was in favor both with the LORD, and also with men.	
1 Samuel 2:3	Talk no more so exceeding proudly; let not arrogancy come out of your mouth: for the LORD is a God of knowledge, and by him actions are weighed.	
1 Samuel 2:4	The bows of the mighty men are broken, and they that stumbled are girded with strength.	
1 Samuel 2:6	The LORD killeth, and maketh alive: he bringeth down to the grave, and bringeth up.	
1 Samuel 30:1	And it came to pass, when David and his men were come to Ziklag on the third day, that the Amalekites had invaded the south, and Ziklag, and smitten Ziklag, and burned it with fire;	
1 Samuel 30:12	And they gave him a piece of a cake of figs, and two clusters of raisins: and when he had eaten, his spirit came again to him: for he had eaten no bread, nor drunk any water, three days and three nights.	
1 Samuel 30:19	And there was nothing lacking to them, neither small nor great, neither sons nor daughters, neither spoil, nor any thing that they had taken to them: David recovered all.	
1 Samuel 30:23	Then said David, Ye shall not do so, my brethren, with that which the LORD hath given us, who hath preserved us, and delivered the company that came against us into our hand.	
1 Samuel 30:24	For who will hearken unto you in this matter? but as his part is that goeth down to the battle, so shall his part be that tarrieth by the stuff: they shall part alike.	
1 Samuel 30:4	Then David and the people that were with him lifted up their voice and wept, until they had no more power to weep.	
1 Samuel 31:11	And when the inhabitants of Jabeshgilead heard of that which the Philistines had done to Saul;	
1 Samuel 31:7	And when the men of Israel that were on the other side of the valley, and they that were on the other side Jordan, saw that the men of Israel fled, and that Saul and his sons were dead, they forsook the cities, and fled; and the Philistines came and dwelt in them.	
1 Samuel 3:12	In that day I will perform against Eli all things which I have spoken concerning his house: when I begin, I will also make an end.	
1 Samuel 3:15	And Samuel lay until the morning, and opened the doors of the house of the LORD. And Samuel feared to show Eli the vision.	
1 Samuel 3:17	And he said, What is the thing that the LORD hath said unto thee? I pray thee hide it not from me: God do so to thee, and more also, if thou hide any thing from me of all the things that he said unto thee.	
1 Samuel 3:21	And the LORD appeared again in Shiloh: for the LORD revealed himself to Samuel in Shiloh by the word of the LORD.	
1 Samuel 4:10	And the Philistines fought, and Israel was smitten, and they fled every man into his tent: and there was a very great slaughter; for there fell of Israel thirty thousand footmen.	
1 Samuel 4:11	And the ark of God was taken; and the two sons of Eli, Hophni and Phinehas, were slain.	
1 Samuel 4:16	And the man said unto Eli, I am he that came out of the army, and I fled to day out of the army. And he said, What is there done, my son?	
1 Samuel 4:18	And it came to pass, when he made mention of the ark of God, that he fell from off the seat backward by the side of the gate, and his neck brake, and he died: for he was an old man, and heavy. And he had judged Israel forty years.	
1 Samuel 4:22	And she said, The glory is departed from Israel: for the ark of God is taken.	
1 Samuel 4:4	So the people sent to Shiloh, that they might bring from thence the ark of the covenant of the LORD of hosts, which dwelleth between the cherubim: and the two sons of Eli, Hophni and Phinehas, were there with the ark of the covenant of God.	
1 Samuel 4:7	And the Philistines were afraid, for they said, God is come into the camp. And they said, Woe unto us! for there hath not been such a thing heretofore.	
1 Samuel 5:12	And the men that died not were smitten with the emerods: and the cry of the city went up to heaven.	
1 Samuel 5:6	But the hand of the LORD was heavy upon them of Ashdod, and he destroyed them, and smote them with emerods, even Ashdod and the coasts thereof.	
1 Samuel 5:8	They sent therefore and gathered all the lords of the Philistines unto them, and said, What shall we do with the ark of the God of Israel? And they answered, Let the ark of the God of Israel be carried about unto Gath. And they carried the ark of the God of Israel about thither.	
1 Samuel 6:11	And they laid the ark of the LORD upon the cart, and the coffer with the mice of gold and the images of their emerods.	
1 Samuel 6:12	And the kine took the straight way to the way of Bethshemesh, and went along the highway, lowing as they went, and turned not aside to the right hand or to the left; and the lords of the Philistines went after them unto the border of Bethshemesh.	
1 Samuel 6:14	And the cart came into the field of Joshua, a Bethshemite, and stood there, where there was a great stone: and they clave the wood of the cart, and offered the kine a burnt offering unto the LORD.	
1 Samuel 6:15	And the Levites took down the ark of the LORD, and the coffer that was with it, wherein the jewels of gold were, and put them on the great stone: and the men of Bethshemesh offered burnt offerings and sacrificed sacrifices the same day unto the LORD.	
1 Samuel 6:19	And he smote the men of Bethshemesh, because they had looked into the ark of the LORD, even he smote of the people fifty thousand and threescore and ten men: and the people lamented, because the LORD had smitten many of the people with a great slaughter.	
1 Samuel 6:5	Wherefore ye shall make images of your emerods, and images of your mice that mar the land; and ye shall give glory unto the God of Israel: peradventure he will lighten his hand from off you, and from off your gods, and from off your land.	
1 Samuel 6:7	Now therefore make a new cart, and take two milch kine, on which there hath come no yoke, and tie the kine to the cart, and bring their calves home from them:	
1 Samuel 6:8	And take the ark of the LORD, and lay it upon the cart; and put the jewels of gold, which ye return him for a trespass offering, in a coffer by the side thereof; and send it away, that it may go.	
1 Samuel 7:2	And it came to pass, while the ark abode in Kirjathjearim, that the time was long; for it was twenty years: and all the house of Israel lamented after the LORD.	
1 Samuel 8:12	And he will appoint him captains over thousands, and captains over fifties; and will set them to ear his ground, and to reap his harvest, and to make his instruments of war, and instruments of his chariots.	
1 Samuel 8:17	He will take the tenth of your sheep: and ye shall be his servants.	
1 Samuel 8:4	Then all the elders of Israel gathered themselves together, and came to Samuel unto Ramah,	
1 Samuel 8:5	And said unto him, Behold, thou art old, and thy sons walk not in thy ways: now make us a king to judge us like all the nations.	
1 Samuel 9:1	Now there was a man of Benjamin, whose name was Kish, the son of Abiel, the son of Zeror, the son of Bechorath, the son of Aphiah, a Benjamite, a mighty man of power.	
1 Samuel 9:16	To morrow about this time I will send thee a man out of the land of Benjamin, and thou shalt anoint him to be captain over my people Israel, that he may save my people out of the hand of the Philistines: for I have looked upon my people, because their cry is come unto me.	
1 Samuel 9:21	And Saul answered and said, Am not I a Benjamite, of the smallest of the tribes of Israel? and my family the least of all the families of the tribe of Benjamin? wherefore then speakest thou so to me?	
1 Samuel 9:23	And Samuel said unto the cook, Bring the portion which I gave thee, of which I said unto thee, Set it by thee.	
1 Samuel 9:26	And they arose early: and it came to pass about the spring of the day, that Samuel called Saul to the top of the house, saying, Up, that I may send thee away. And Saul arose, and they went out both of them, he and Samuel, abroad.	
1 Thessalonians 1:1	Paul, and Silvanus, and Timotheus, unto the church of the Thessalonians which is in God the Father and in the Lord Jesus Christ: Grace be unto you, and peace, from God our Father, and the Lord Jesus Christ.	
1 Thessalonians 1:6	And ye became followers of us, and of the Lord, having received the word in much affliction, with joy of the Holy Ghost.	
1 Thessalonians 1:8	For from you sounded out the word of the Lord not only in Macedonia and Achaia, but also in every place your faith to God-ward is spread abroad; so that we need not to speak any thing.	
1 Thessalonians 2:16	Forbidding us to speak to the Gentiles that they might be saved, to fill up their sins alway: for the wrath is come upon them to the uttermost.	
1 Thessalonians 2:17	But we, brethren, being taken from you for a short time in presence, not in heart, endeavoured the more abundantly to see your face with great desire.	
1 Thessalonians 2:2	But even after that we had suffered before, and were shamefully entreated, as ye know, at Philippi, we were bold in our God to speak unto you the gospel of God with much contention.	
1 Thessalonians 2:4	But as we were allowed of God to be put in trust with the gospel, even so we speak; not as pleasing men, but God, which trieth our hearts.	
1 Thessalonians 2:5	For neither at any time used we flattering words, as ye know, nor a cloke of covetousness; God is witness:	
1 Thessalonians 2:7	But we were gentle among you, even as a nurse cherisheth her children:	
1 Thessalonians 3:13	To the end he may stablish your hearts unblameable in holiness before God, even our Father, at the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ with all his saints.	
1 Thessalonians 3:2	And sent Timotheus, our brother, and minister of God, and our fellowlabourer in the gospel of Christ, to establish you, and to comfort you concerning your faith:	
1 Thessalonians 3:4	For verily, when we were with you, we told you before that we should suffer tribulation; even as it came to pass, and ye know.	
1 Thessalonians 3:6	But now when Timotheus came from you unto us, and brought us good tidings of your faith and charity, and that ye have good remembrance of us always, desiring greatly to see us, as we also to see you:	
1 Thessalonians 4:10	And indeed ye do it toward all the brethren which are in all Macedonia: but we beseech you, brethren, that ye increase more and more;	
1 Thessalonians 4:12	That ye may walk honestly toward them that are without, and that ye may have lack of nothing.	
1 Thessalonians 4:7	For God hath not called us unto uncleanness, but unto holiness.	
1 Thessalonians 5:1	But of the times and the seasons, brethren, ye have no need that I write unto you.	
1 Thessalonians 5:13	And to esteem them very highly in love for their work's sake. And be at peace among yourselves.	
1 Thessalonians 5:14	Now we exhort you, brethren, warn them that are unruly, comfort the feebleminded, support the weak, be patient toward all men.	
1 Thessalonians 5:18	In every thing give thanks: for this is the will of God in Christ Jesus concerning you.	
1 Thessalonians 5:2	For yourselves know perfectly that the day of the Lord so cometh as a thief in the night.	
1 Thessalonians 5:20	Despise not prophesyings.	
1 Thessalonians 5:3	For when they shall say, Peace and safety; then sudden destruction cometh upon them, as travail upon a woman with child; and they shall not escape.	
1 Timothy 1:11	According to the glorious gospel of the blessed God, which was committed to my trust.	
1 Timothy 1:14	And the grace of our Lord was exceeding abundant with faith and love which is in Christ Jesus.	
1 Timothy 1:16	Howbeit for this cause I obtained mercy, that in me first Jesus Christ might shew forth all longsuffering, for a pattern to them which should hereafter believe on him to life everlasting.	
1 Timothy 1:20	Of whom is Hymenaeus and Alexander; whom I have delivered unto Satan, that they may learn not to blaspheme.	
1 Timothy 2:1	I exhort therefore, that, first of all, supplications, prayers, intercessions, and giving of thanks, be made for all men;	
1 Timothy 2:10	But (which becometh women professing godliness) with good works.	
1 Timothy 2:3	For this is good and acceptable in the sight of God our Saviour;	
1 Timothy 2:4	Who will have all men to be saved, and to come unto the knowledge of the truth.	
1 Timothy 3:2	A bishop then must be blameless, the husband of one wife, vigilant, sober, of good behaviour, given to hospitality, apt to teach;	
1 Timothy 3:3	Not given to wine, no striker, not greedy of filthy lucre; but patient, not a brawler, not covetous;	
1 Timothy 3:8	Likewise must the deacons be grave, not doubletongued, not given to much wine, not greedy of filthy lucre;	
1 Timothy 4:13	Till I come, give attendance to reading, to exhortation, to doctrine.	
1 Timothy 4:14	Neglect not the gift that is in thee, which was given thee by prophecy, with the laying on of the hands of the presbytery.	
1 Timothy 4:5	For it is sanctified by the word of God and prayer.	
1 Timothy 5:12	Having damnation, because they have cast off their first faith.	
1 Timothy 5:16	If any man or woman that believeth have widows, let them relieve them, and let not the church be charged; that it may relieve them that are widows indeed.	
1 Timothy 5:18	For the scripture saith, Thou shalt not muzzle the ox that treadeth out the corn. And, The labourer is worthy of his reward.	
1 Timothy 5:20	Them that sin rebuke before all, that others also may fear.	
1 Timothy 5:5	Now she that is a widow indeed, and desolate, trusteth in God, and continueth in supplications and prayers night and day.	
1 Timothy 5:6	But she that liveth in pleasure is dead while she liveth.	
1 Timothy 5:7	And these things give in charge, that they may be blameless.	
1 Timothy 5:8	But if any provide not for his own, and specially for those of his own house, he hath denied the faith, and is worse than an infidel.	
1 Timothy 5:9	Let not a widow be taken into the number under threescore years old, having been the wife of one man.	
1 Timothy 6:13	I give thee charge in the sight of God, who quickeneth all things, and before Christ Jesus, who before Pontius Pilate witnessed a good confession;	
1 Timothy 6:17	Charge them that are rich in this world, that they be not highminded, nor trust in uncertain riches, but in the living God, who giveth us richly all things to enjoy;	
1 Timothy 6:18	That they do good, that they be rich in good works, ready to distribute, willing to communicate;	
1 Timothy 6:19	Laying up in store for themselves a good foundation against the time to come, that they may lay hold on eternal life.	
1 Timothy 6:5	Perverse disputings of men of corrupt minds, and destitute of the truth, supposing that gain is godliness: from such withdraw thyself.	
1 Timothy 6:6	But godliness with contentment is great gain.	
1 Timothy 6:9	But they that will be rich fall into temptation and a snare, and into many foolish and hurtful lusts, which drown men in destruction and perdition.	
2 Chronicles 10:1	And Rehoboam went to Shechem: for to Shechem were all Israel come to make him king.	
2 Chronicles 10:11	For whereas my father put a heavy yoke upon you, I will put more to your yoke: my father chastised you with whips, but I will chastise you with scorpions.	
2 Chronicles 10:9	And he said unto them, What advice give ye that we may return answer to this people, which have spoken to me, saying, Ease somewhat the yoke that thy father did put upon us?	
2 Chronicles 11:11	And he fortified the strong holds, and put captains in them, and store of victual, and of oil and wine.	
2 Chronicles 11:18	And Rehoboam took him Mahalath the daughter of Jerimoth the son of David to wife, and Abihail the daughter of Eliab the son of Jesse;	
2 Chronicles 11:23	And he dealt wisely, and dispersed of all his children throughout all the countries of Judah and Benjamin, unto every fenced city: and he gave them victual in abundance. And he desired many wives.	
2 Chronicles 12:1	And it came to pass, when Rehoboam had established the kingdom, and had strengthened himself, he forsook the law of the LORD, and all Israel with him.	
2 Chronicles 12:11	And when the king entered into the house of the LORD, the guard came and fetched them, and brought them again into the guard chamber.	
2 Chronicles 12:15	Now the acts of Rehoboam, first and last, are they not written in the book of Shemaiah the prophet, and of Iddo the seer concerning genealogies? And there were wars between Rehoboam and Jeroboam continually.	
2 Chronicles 12:3	With twelve hundred chariots, and threescore thousand horsemen: and the people were without number that came with him out of Egypt; the Lubims, the Sukkiims, and the Ethiopians.	
2 Chronicles 12:9	So Shishak king of Egypt came up against Jerusalem, and took away the treasures of the house of the LORD, and the treasures of the king's house; he took all: he carried away also the shields of gold which Solomon had made.	
2 Chronicles 13:11	And they burn unto the LORD every morning and every evening burnt sacrifices and sweet incense: the shewbread also set they in order upon the pure table; and the candlestick of gold with the lamps thereof, to burn every evening: for we keep the charge of the LORD our God; but ye have forsaken him.	
2 Chronicles 13:13	But Jeroboam caused an ambushment to come about behind them: so they were before Judah, and the ambushment was behind them.	
2 Chronicles 13:15	Then the men of Judah gave a shout: and as the men of Judah shouted, it came to pass, that God smote Jeroboam and all Israel before Abijah and Judah.	
2 Chronicles 13:17	And Abijah and his people slew them with a great slaughter: so there fell down slain of Israel five hundred thousand chosen men.	
2 Chronicles 13:19	And Abijah pursued after Jeroboam, and took cities from him, Bethel with the towns thereof, and Jeshanah with the towns thereof, and Ephraim with the towns thereof.	
2 Chronicles 13:2	He reigned three years in Jerusalem. His mother's name also was Michaiah the daughter of Uriel of Gibeah. And there was war between Abijah and Jeroboam.	
2 Chronicles 14:12	So the LORD smote the Ethiopians before Asa, and before Judah; and the Ethiopians fled.	
2 Chronicles 14:3	For he took away the altars of the strange gods, and the high places, and brake down the images, and cut down the groves:	
2 Chronicles 14:6	And he built fenced cities in Judah: for the land had rest, and he had no war in those years; because the LORD had given him rest.	
2 Chronicles 14:7	Therefore he said unto Judah, Let us build these cities, and make about them walls, and towers, gates, and bars, while the land is yet before us; because we have sought the LORD our God, we have sought him, and he hath given us rest on every side. So they built and prospered.	
2 Chronicles 14:8	And Asa had an army of men that bare targets and spears, out of Judah three hundred thousand; and out of Benjamin, that bare shields and drew bows, two hundred and fourscore thousand: all these were mighty men of valor.	
2 Chronicles 15:16	And also concerning Maachah the mother of Asa the king, he removed her from being queen, because she had made an idol in a grove: and Asa cut down her idol, and stamped it, and burnt it at the brook Kidron.	
2 Chronicles 15:3	Now for a long season Israel hath been without the true God, and without a teaching priest, and without law.	
2 Chronicles 15:8	And when Asa heard these words, and the prophecy of Oded the prophet, he took courage, and put away the abominable idols out of all the land of Judah and Benjamin, and out of the cities which he had taken from mount Ephraim, and renewed the altar of the LORD, that was before the porch of the LORD.	
2 Chronicles 16:12	And Asa in the thirty and ninth year of his reign was diseased in his feet, until his disease was exceeding great: yet in his disease he sought not to the LORD, but to the physicians.	
2 Chronicles 16:14	And they buried him in his own sepulchres, which he had made for himself in the city of David, and laid him in the bed which was filled with sweet odorous and divers kinds of spices prepared by the apothecaries' art: and they made a very great burning for him.	
2 Chronicles 16:9	For the eyes of the LORD run to and fro throughout the whole earth, to show himself strong in the behalf of them whose heart is perfect toward him. Herein thou hast done foolishly: therefore from henceforth thou shalt have wars.	
2 Chronicles 17:10	And the fear of the LORD fell upon all the kingdoms of the lands that were round about Judah, so that they made no war against Jehoshaphat.	
2 Chronicles 17:14	And these are the numbers of them according to the house of their fathers: Of Judah, the captains of thousands; Adnah the chief, and with him mighty men of valor three hundred thousand.	
2 Chronicles 17:17	And of Benjamin; Eliada a mighty man of valor, and with him armed men with bow and shield two hundred thousand.	
2 Chronicles 17:18	And next him was Jehozabad, and with him an hundred and fourscore thousand ready prepared for the war.	
2 Chronicles 17:19	These waited on the king, beside those whom the king put in the fenced cities throughout all Judah.	
2 Chronicles 17:3	And the LORD was with Jehoshaphat, because he walked in the first ways of his father David, and sought not unto Baalim;	
2 Chronicles 17:5	Therefore the LORD stablished the kingdom in his hand; and all Judah brought to Jehoshaphat presents; and he had riches and honor in abundance.	
2 Chronicles 18:1	Now Jehoshaphat had riches and honor in abundance, and joined affinity with Ahab.	
2 Chronicles 18:17	And the king of Israel said to Jehoshaphat, Did I not tell thee that he would not prophesy good unto me, but evil?	
2 Chronicles 18:18	Again he said, Therefore hear the word of the LORD; I saw the LORD sitting upon his throne, and all the host of heaven standing on his right hand and on his left.	
2 Chronicles 18:24	And Micaiah said, Behold, thou shalt see on that day when thou shalt go into an inner chamber to hide thyself.	
2 Chronicles 18:31	And it came to pass, when the captains of the chariots saw Jehoshaphat, that they said, It is the king of Israel. Therefore they compassed about him to fight: but Jehoshaphat cried out, and the LORD helped him; and God moved them to depart from him.	
2 Chronicles 19:7	Wherefore now let the fear of the LORD be upon you; take heed and do it: for there is no iniquity with the LORD our God, nor respect of persons, nor taking of gifts.	
2 Chronicles 1:10	Give me now wisdom and knowledge, that I may go out and come in before this people: for who can judge this thy people, that is so great?	
2 Chronicles 1:16	And Solomon had horses brought out of Egypt, and linen yarn: the king's merchants received the linen yarn at a price.	
2 Chronicles 1:2	Then Solomon spake unto all Israel, to the captains of thousands and of hundreds, and to the judges, and to every governor in all Israel, the chief of the fathers.	
2 Chronicles 1:5	Moreover the brazen altar, that Bezaleel the son of Uri, the son of Hur, had made, he put before the tabernacle of the LORD: and Solomon and the congregation sought unto it.	
2 Chronicles 20:10	And now, behold, the children of Ammon and Moab and mount Seir, whom thou wouldest not let Israel invade, when they came out of the land of Egypt, but they turned from them, and destroyed them not;	
2 Chronicles 20:14	Then upon Jahaziel the son of Zechariah, the son of Benaiah, the son of Jeiel, the son of Mattaniah, a Levite of the sons of Asaph, came the Spirit of the LORD in the midst of the congregation;	
2 Chronicles 20:22	And when they began to sing and to praise, the LORD set ambushments against the children of Ammon, Moab, and mount Seir, which were come against Judah; and they were smitten.	
2 Chronicles 20:24	And when Judah came toward the watch tower in the wilderness, they looked unto the multitude, and, behold, they were dead bodies fallen to the earth, and none escaped.	
2 Chronicles 20:26	And on the fourth day they assembled themselves in the valley of Berachah; for there they blessed the LORD: therefore the name of the same place was called, The valley of Berachah, unto this day.	
2 Chronicles 20:34	Now the rest of the acts of Jehoshaphat, first and last, behold, they are written in the book of Jehu the son of Hanani, who is mentioned in the book of the kings of Israel.	
2 Chronicles 20:36	And he joined himself with him to make ships to go to Tarshish: and they made the ships in Eziongaber.	
2 Chronicles 20:37	Then Eliezer the son of Dodavah of Mareshah prophesied against Jehoshaphat, saying, Because thou hast joined thyself with Ahaziah, the LORD hath broken thy works. And the ships were broken, that they were not able to go to Tarshish.	
2 Chronicles 21:11	Moreover he made high places in the mountains of Judah and caused the inhabitants of Jerusalem to commit fornication, and compelled Judah thereto.	
2 Chronicles 21:17	And they came up into Judah, and brake into it, and carried away all the substance that was found in the king's house, and his sons also, and his wives; so that there was never a son left him, save Jehoahaz, the youngest of his sons.	
2 Chronicles 21:5	Jehoram was thirty and two years old when he began to reign, and he reigned eight years in Jerusalem.	
2 Chronicles 21:7	Howbeit the LORD would not destroy the house of David, because of the covenant that he had made with David, and as he promised to give a light to him and to his sons for ever.	
2 Chronicles 22:12	And he was with them hid in the house of God six years: and Athaliah reigned over the land.	
2 Chronicles 22:8	And it came to pass, that, when Jehu was executing judgment upon the house of Ahab, and found the princes of Judah, and the sons of the brethren of Ahaziah, that ministered to Ahaziah, he slew them.	
2 Chronicles 23:10	And he set all the people, every man having his weapon in his hand, from the right side of the temple to the left side of the temple, along by the altar and the temple, by the king round about.	
2 Chronicles 23:13	And she looked, and, behold, the king stood at his pillar at the entering in, and the princes and the trumpets by the king: and all the people of the land rejoiced, and sounded with trumpets, also the singers with instruments of music, and such as taught to sing praise. Then Athaliah rent her clothes, and said, Treason, Treason.	
2 Chronicles 23:15	So they laid hands on her; and when she was come to the entering of the horse gate by the king's house, they slew her there.	
2 Chronicles 23:16	And Jehoiada made a covenant between him, and between all the people, and between the king, that they should be the LORD's people.	
2 Chronicles 23:21	And all the people of the land rejoiced: and the city was quiet, after that they had slain Athaliah with the sword.	
2 Chronicles 23:5	And a third part shall be at the king's house; and a third part at the gate of the foundation: and all the people shall be in the courts of the house of the LORD.	
2 Chronicles 23:6	But let none come into the house of the LORD, save the priests, and they that minister of the Levites; they shall go in, for they are holy: but all the people shall keep the watch of the LORD.	
2 Chronicles 24:1	Joash was seven years old when he began to reign, and he reigned forty years in Jerusalem. His mother's name also was Zibiah of Beersheba.	
2 Chronicles 24:13	So the workmen wrought, and the work was perfected by them, and they set the house of God in his state, and strengthened it.	
2 Chronicles 24:2	And Joash did that which was right in the sight of the LORD all the days of Jehoiada the priest.	
2 Chronicles 24:22	Thus Joash the king remembered not the kindness which Jehoiada his father had done to him, but slew his son. And when he died, he said, The LORD look upon it, and require it.	
2 Chronicles 24:23	And it came to pass at the end of the year, that the host of Syria came up against him: and they came to Judah and Jerusalem, and destroyed all the princes of the people from among the people, and sent all the spoil of them unto the king of Damascus.	
2 Chronicles 24:5	And he gathered together the priests and the Levites, and said to them, Go out unto the cities of Judah, and gather of all Israel money to repair the house of your God from year to year, and see that ye hasten the matter. Howbeit the Levites hastened it not.	
2 Chronicles 24:7	For the sons of Athaliah, that wicked woman, had broken up the house of God; and also all the dedicated things of the house of the LORD did they bestow upon Baalim.	
2 Chronicles 25:12	And other ten thousand left alive did the children of Judah carry away captive, and brought them unto the top of the rock, and cast them down from the top of the rock, that they all were broken in pieces.	
2 Chronicles 25:13	But the soldiers of the army which Amaziah sent back, that they should not go with him to battle, fell upon the cities of Judah, from Samaria even unto Bethhoron, and smote three thousand of them, and took much spoil.	
2 Chronicles 25:15	Wherefore the anger of the LORD was kindled against Amaziah, and he sent unto him a prophet, which said unto him, Why hast thou sought after the gods of the people, which could not deliver their own people out of thine hand?	
2 Chronicles 25:16	And it came to pass, as he talked with him, that the king said unto him, Art thou made of the king's counsel? forbear; why shouldest thou be smitten? Then the prophet forbare, and said, I know that God hath determined to destroy thee, because thou hast done this, and hast not hearkened unto my counsel.	
2 Chronicles 25:18	And Joash king of Israel sent to Amaziah king of Judah, saying, The thistle that was in Lebanon sent to the cedar that was in Lebanon, saying, Give thy daughter to my son to wife: and there passed by a wild beast that was in Lebanon, and trode down the thistle.	
2 Chronicles 25:24	And he took all the gold and the silver, and all the vessels that were found in the house of God with Obededom, and the treasures of the king's house, the hostages also, and returned to Samaria.	
2 Chronicles 25:3	Now it came to pass, when the kingdom was established to him, that he slew his servants that had killed the king his father.	
2 Chronicles 25:6	He hired also an hundred thousand mighty men of valor out of Israel for an hundred talents of silver.	
2 Chronicles 26:10	Also he built towers in the desert, and digged many wells: for he had much cattle, both in the low country, and in the plains: husbandmen also, and vine dressers in the mountains, and in Carmel: for he loved husbandry.	
2 Chronicles 26:11	Moreover Uzziah had an host of fighting men, that went out to war by bands, according to the number of their account by the hand of Jeiel the scribe and Maaseiah the ruler, under the hand of Hananiah, one of the king's captains.	
2 Chronicles 26:12	The whole number of the chief of the fathers of the mighty men of valor were two thousand and six hundred.	
2 Chronicles 26:21	And Uzziah the king was a leper unto the day of his death, and dwelt in a several house, being a leper; for he was cut off from the house of the LORD: and Jotham his son was over the king's house, judging the people of the land.	
2 Chronicles 26:4	And he did that which was right in the sight of the LORD, according to all that his father Amaziah did.	
2 Chronicles 26:8	And the Ammonites gave gifts to Uzziah: and his name spread abroad even to the entering in of Egypt; for he strengthened himself exceedingly.	
2 Chronicles 27:1	Jotham was twenty and five years old when he began to reign, and he reigned sixteen years in Jerusalem. His mother's name also was Jerushah, the daughter of Zadok.	
2 Chronicles 27:4	Moreover he built cities in the mountains of Judah, and in the forests he built castles and towers.	
2 Chronicles 27:7	Now the rest of the acts of Jotham, and all his wars, and his ways, lo, they are written in the book of the kings of Israel and Judah.	
2 Chronicles 28:1	Ahaz was twenty years old when he began to reign, and he reigned sixteen years in Jerusalem: but he did not that which was right in the sight of the LORD, like David his father:	
2 Chronicles 28:18	The Philistines also had invaded the cities of the low country, and of the south of Judah, and had taken Bethshemesh, and Ajalon, and Gederoth, and Shocho with the villages thereof, and Timnah with the villages thereof, Gimzo also and the villages thereof: and they dwelt there.	
2 Chronicles 28:5	Wherefore the LORD his God delivered him into the hand of the king of Syria; and they smote him, and carried away a great multitude of them captives, and brought them to Damascus. And he was also delivered into the hand of the king of Israel, who smote him with a great slaughter.	
2 Chronicles 28:7	And Zichri, a mighty man of Ephraim, slew Maaseiah the king's son, and Azrikam the governor of the house, and Elkanah that was next to the king.	
2 Chronicles 29:13	And of the sons of Elizaphan; Shimri, and Jeiel: and of the sons of Asaph; Zechariah, and Mattaniah:	
2 Chronicles 29:2	And he did that which was right in the sight of the LORD, according to all that David his father had done.	
2 Chronicles 29:26	And the Levites stood with the instruments of David, and the priests with the trumpets.	
2 Chronicles 29:3	He in the first year of his reign, in the first month, opened the doors of the house of the LORD, and repaired them.	
2 Chronicles 29:31	Then Hezekiah answered and said, Now ye have consecrated yourselves unto the LORD, come near and bring sacrifices and thank offerings into the house of the LORD. And the congregation brought in sacrifices and thank offerings; and as many as were of a free heart burnt offerings.	
2 Chronicles 29:35	And also the burnt offerings were in abundance, with the fat of the peace offerings, and the drink offerings for every burnt offering. So the service of the house of the LORD was set in order.	
2 Chronicles 29:36	And Hezekiah rejoiced, and all the people, that God had prepared the people: for the thing was done suddenly.	
2 Chronicles 29:5	And said unto them, Hear me, ye Levites, sanctify now yourselves, and sanctify the house of the LORD God of your fathers, and carry forth the filthiness out of the holy place.	
2 Chronicles 2:11	Then Huram the king of Tyre answered in writing, which he sent to Solomon, Because the LORD hath loved his people, he hath made thee king over them.	
2 Chronicles 2:18	And he set threescore and ten thousand of them to be bearers of burdens, and fourscore thousand to be hewers in the mountain, and three thousand and six hundred overseers to set the people a work.	
2 Chronicles 2:7	Send me now therefore a man cunning to work in gold, and in silver, and in brass, and in iron, and in purple, and crimson, and blue, and that can skill to grave with the cunning men that are with me in Judah and in Jerusalem, whom David my father did provide.	
2 Chronicles 30:13	And there assembled at Jerusalem much people to keep the feast of unleavened bread in the second month, a very great congregation.	
2 Chronicles 30:3	For they could not keep it at that time, because the priests had not sanctified themselves sufficiently, neither had the people gathered themselves together to Jerusalem.	
2 Chronicles 30:9	For if ye turn again unto the LORD, your brethren and your children shall find compassion before them that lead them captive, so that they shall come again into this land: for the LORD your God is gracious and merciful, and will not turn away his face from you, if ye return unto him.	
2 Chronicles 31:12	And brought in the offerings and the tithes and the dedicated things faithfully: over which Cononiah the Levite was ruler, and Shimei his brother was the next.	
2 Chronicles 31:16	Beside their genealogy of males, from three years old and upward, even unto every one that entereth into the house of the LORD, his daily portion for their service in their charges according to their courses;	
2 Chronicles 31:4	Moreover he commanded the people that dwelt in Jerusalem to give the portion of the priests and the Levites, that they might be encouraged in the law of the LORD.	
2 Chronicles 31:5	And as soon as the commandment came abroad, the children of Israel brought in abundance the firstfruits of corn, wine, and oil, and honey, and of all the increase of the field; and the tithe of all things brought they in abundantly.	
2 Chronicles 31:6	And concerning the children of Israel and Judah, that dwelt in the cities of Judah, they also brought in the tithe of oxen and sheep, and the tithe of holy things which were consecrated unto the LORD their God, and laid them by heaps.	
2 Chronicles 31:9	Then Hezekiah questioned with the priests and the Levites concerning the heaps.	
2 Chronicles 32:10	Thus saith Sennacherib king of Assyria, Whereon do ye trust, that ye abide in the siege in Jerusalem?	
2 Chronicles 32:11	Doth not Hezekiah persuade you to give over yourselves to die by famine and by thirst, saying, The LORD our God shall deliver us out of the hand of the king of Assyria?	
2 Chronicles 32:16	And his servants spake yet more against the LORD God, and against his servant Hezekiah.	
2 Chronicles 32:18	Then they cried with a loud voice in the Jews' speech unto the people of Jerusalem that were on the wall, to affright them, and to trouble them; that they might take the city.	
2 Chronicles 32:24	In those days Hezekiah was sick to the death, and prayed unto the LORD: and he spake unto him, and he gave him a sign.	
2 Chronicles 32:28	Storehouses also for the increase of corn, and wine, and oil; and stalls for all manner of beasts, and cotes for flocks.	
2 Chronicles 32:9	After this did Sennacherib king of Assyria send his servants to Jerusalem, (but he himself laid siege against Lachish, and all his power with him,) unto Hezekiah king of Judah, and unto all Judah that were at Jerusalem, saying,	
2 Chronicles 33:10	And the LORD spake to Manasseh, and to his people: but they would not hearken.	
2 Chronicles 33:13	And prayed unto him: and he was intreated of him, and heard his supplication, and brought him again to Jerusalem into his kingdom. Then Manasseh knew that the LORD he was God.	
2 Chronicles 33:16	And he repaired the altar of the LORD, and sacrificed thereon peace offerings and thank offerings, and commanded Judah to serve the LORD God of Israel.	
2 Chronicles 33:19	His prayer also, and how God was intreated of him, and all his sins, and his trespass, and the places wherein he built high places, and set up groves and graven images, before he was humbled: behold, they are written among the sayings of the seers.	
2 Chronicles 33:2	But did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD, like unto the abominations of the heathen, whom the LORD had cast out before the children of Israel.	
2 Chronicles 33:22	But he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD, as did Manasseh his father: for Amon sacrificed unto all the carved images which Manasseh his father had made, and served them;	
2 Chronicles 33:9	So Manasseh made Judah and the inhabitants of Jerusalem to err, and to do worse than the heathen, whom the LORD had destroyed before the children of Israel.	
2 Chronicles 34:1	Josiah was eight years old when he began to reign, and he reigned in Jerusalem one and thirty years.	
2 Chronicles 34:10	And they put it in the hand of the workmen that had the oversight of the house of the LORD, and they gave it to the workmen that wrought in the house of the LORD, to repair and amend the house:	
2 Chronicles 34:15	And Hilkiah answered and said to Shaphan the scribe, I have found the book of the law in the house of the LORD. And Hilkiah delivered the book to Shaphan.	
2 Chronicles 34:17	And they have gathered together the money that was found in the house of the LORD, and have delivered it into the hand of the overseers, and to the hand of the workmen.	
2 Chronicles 34:18	Then Shaphan the scribe told the king, saying, Hilkiah the priest hath given me a book. And Shaphan read it before the king.	
2 Chronicles 34:20	And the king commanded Hilkiah, and Ahikam the son of Shaphan, and Abdon the son of Micah, and Shaphan the scribe, and Asaiah a servant of the king's, saying,	
2 Chronicles 34:25	Because they have forsaken me, and have burned incense unto other gods, that they might provoke me to anger with all the works of their hands; therefore my wrath shall be poured out upon this place, and shall not be quenched.	
2 Chronicles 34:31	And the king stood in his place, and made a covenant before the LORD, to walk after the LORD, and to keep his commandments, and his testimonies, and his statutes, with all his heart, and with all his soul, to perform the words of the covenant which are written in this book.	
2 Chronicles 34:8	Now in the eighteenth year of his reign, when he had purged the land, and the house, he sent Shaphan the son of Azaliah, and Maaseiah the governor of the city, and Joah the son of Joahaz the recorder, to repair the house of the LORD his God.	
2 Chronicles 35:1	Moreover Josiah kept a passover unto the LORD in Jerusalem: and they killed the passover on the fourteenth day of the first month.	
2 Chronicles 35:17	And the children of Israel that were present kept the passover at that time, and the feast of unleavened bread seven days.	
2 Chronicles 35:20	After all this, when Josiah had prepared the temple, Necho king of Egypt came up to fight against Charchemish by Euphrates: and Josiah went out against him.	
2 Chronicles 35:23	And the archers shot at king Josiah; and the king said to his servants, Have me away; for I am sore wounded.	
2 Chronicles 35:3	And said unto the Levites that taught all Israel, which were holy unto the LORD, Put the holy ark in the house which Solomon the son of David king of Israel did build; it shall not be a burden upon your shoulders: serve now the LORD your God, and his people Israel,	
2 Chronicles 35:6	So kill the passover, and sanctify yourselves, and prepare your brethren, that they may do according to the word of the LORD by the hand of Moses.	
2 Chronicles 35:7	And Josiah gave to the people, of the flock, lambs and kids, all for the passover offerings, for all that were present, to the number of thirty thousand, and three thousand bullocks: these were of the king's substance.	
2 Chronicles 36:11	Zedekiah was one and twenty years old when he began to reign, and reigned eleven years in Jerusalem.	
2 Chronicles 36:12	And he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD his God, and humbled not himself before Jeremiah the prophet speaking from the mouth of the LORD.	
2 Chronicles 36:13	And he also rebelled against king Nebuchadnezzar, who had made him swear by God: but he stiffened his neck, and hardened his heart from turning unto the LORD God of Israel.	
2 Chronicles 36:15	And the LORD God of their fathers sent to them by his messengers, rising up betimes, and sending; because he had compassion on his people, and on his dwelling place:	
2 Chronicles 36:17	Therefore he brought upon them the king of the Chaldees, who slew their young men with the sword in the house of their sanctuary, and had no compassion upon young man or maiden, old man, or him that stooped for age: he gave them all into his hand.	
2 Chronicles 36:18	And all the vessels of the house of God, great and small, and the treasures of the house of the LORD, and the treasures of the king, and of his princes; all these he brought to Babylon.	
2 Chronicles 36:19	And they burnt the house of God, and brake down the wall of Jerusalem, and burnt all the palaces thereof with fire, and destroyed all the goodly vessels thereof.	
2 Chronicles 36:6	Against him came up Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon, and bound him in fetters, to carry him to Babylon.	
2 Chronicles 36:8	Now the rest of the acts of Jehoiakim, and his abominations which he did, and that which was found in him, behold, they are written in the book of the kings of Israel and Judah: and Jehoiachin his son reigned in his stead.	
2 Chronicles 3:1	Then Solomon began to build the house of the LORD at Jerusalem in mount Moriah, where the Lord appeared unto David his father, in the place that David had prepared in the threshingfloor of Ornan the Jebusite.	
2 Chronicles 3:10	And in the most holy house he made two cherubim of image work, and overlaid them with gold.	
2 Chronicles 3:16	And he made chains, as in the oracle, and put them on the heads of the pillars; and made an hundred pomegranates, and put them on the chains.	
2 Chronicles 4:1	Moreover he made an altar of brass, twenty cubits the length thereof, and twenty cubits the breadth thereof, and ten cubits the height thereof.	
2 Chronicles 4:10	And he set the sea on the right side of the east end, over against the south.	
2 Chronicles 4:16	The pots also, and the shovels, and the fleshhooks, and all their instruments, did Huram his father make to king Solomon for the house of the LORD of bright brass.	
2 Chronicles 4:18	Thus Solomon made all these vessels in great abundance: for the weight of the brass could not be found out.	
2 Chronicles 4:2	Also he made a molten sea of ten cubits from brim to brim, round in compass, and five cubits the height thereof; and a line of thirty cubits did compass it round about.	
2 Chronicles 5:1	Thus all the work that Solomon made for the house of the LORD was finished: and Solomon brought in all the things that David his father had dedicated; and the silver, and the gold, and all the instruments, put he among the treasures of the house of God.	
2 Chronicles 5:10	There was nothing in the ark save the two tables which Moses put therein at Horeb, when the LORD made a covenant with the children of Israel, when they came out of Egypt.	
2 Chronicles 5:13	It came even to pass, as the trumpeters and singers were as one, to make one sound to be heard in praising and thanking the LORD; and when they lifted up their voice with the trumpets and cymbals and instruments of music, and praised the LORD, saying, For he is good; for his mercy endureth for ever: that then the house was filled with a cloud, even the house of the LORD;	
2 Chronicles 5:14	So that the priests could not stand to minister by reason of the cloud: for the glory of the LORD had filled the house of God.	
2 Chronicles 6:10	The LORD therefore hath performed his word that he hath spoken: for I am risen up in the room of David my father, and am set on the throne of Israel, as the LORD promised, and have built the house for the name of the LORD God of Israel.	
2 Chronicles 6:12	And he stood before the altar of the LORD in the presence of all the congregation of Israel, and spread forth his hands:	
2 Chronicles 6:16	Now therefore, O LORD God of Israel, keep with thy servant David my father that which thou hast promised him, saying, There shall not fail thee a man in my sight to sit upon the throne of Israel; yet so that thy children take heed to their way to walk in my law, as thou hast walked before me.	
2 Chronicles 6:21	Hearken therefore unto the supplications of thy servant, and of thy people Israel, which they shall make toward this place: hear thou from thy dwelling place, even from heaven; and when thou hearest, forgive.	
2 Chronicles 6:37	Yet if they bethink themselves in the land whither they are carried captive, and turn and pray unto thee in the land of their captivity, saying, We have sinned, we have done amiss, and have dealt wickedly;	
2 Chronicles 6:4	And he said, Blessed be the LORD God of Israel, who hath with his hands fulfilled that which he spake with his mouth to my father David, saying,	
2 Chronicles 6:5	Since the day that I brought forth my people out of the land of Egypt I chose no city among all the tribes of Israel to build an house in, that my name might be there; neither chose I any man to be a ruler over my people Israel:	
2 Chronicles 6:8	But the LORD said to David my father, Forasmuch as it was in thine heart to build an house for my name, thou didst well in that it was in thine heart:	
2 Chronicles 7:13	If I shut up heaven that there be no rain, or if I command the locusts to devour the land, or if I send pestilence among my people;	
2 Chronicles 7:18	Then will I stablish the throne of thy kingdom, according as I have covenanted with David thy father, saying, There shall not fail thee a man to be ruler in Israel.	
2 Chronicles 7:2	And the priests could not enter into the house of the LORD, because the glory of the LORD had filled the LORD's house.	
2 Chronicles 7:6	And the priests waited on their offices: the Levites also with instruments of music of the LORD, which David the king had made to praise the LORD, because his mercy endureth for ever, when David praised by their ministry; and the priests sounded trumpets before them, and all Israel stood.	
2 Chronicles 7:9	And in the eighth day they made a solemn assembly: for they kept the dedication of the altar seven days, and the feast seven days.	
2 Chronicles 8:14	And he appointed, according to the order of David his father, the courses of the priests to their service, and the Levites to their charges, to praise and minister before the priests, as the duty of every day required: the porters also by their courses at every gate: for so had David the man of God commanded.	
2 Chronicles 8:16	Now all the work of Solomon was prepared unto the day of the foundation of the house of the LORD, and until it was finished. So the house of the LORD was perfected.	
2 Chronicles 8:2	That the cities which Huram had restored to Solomon, Solomon built them, and caused the children of Israel to dwell there.	
2 Chronicles 8:7	As for all the people that were left of the Hittites, and the Amorites, and the Perizzites, and the Hivites, and the Jebusites, which were not of Israel,	
2 Chronicles 8:8	But of their children, who were left after them in the land, whom the children of Israel consumed not, them did Solomon make to pay tribute until this day.	
2 Chronicles 9:11	And the king made of the algum trees terraces to the house of the LORD, and to the king's palace, and harps and psalteries for singers: and there were none such seen before in the land of Judah.	
2 Chronicles 9:18	And there were six steps to the throne, with a footstool of gold, which were fastened to the throne, and stays on each side of the sitting place, and two lions standing by the stays:	
2 Chronicles 9:22	And king Solomon passed all the kings of the earth in riches and wisdom.	
2 Chronicles 9:25	And Solomon had four thousand stalls for horses and chariots, and twelve thousand horsemen; whom he bestowed in the chariot cities, and with the king at Jerusalem.	
2 Chronicles 9:3	And when the queen of Sheba had seen the wisdom of Solomon, and the house that he had built,	
2 Chronicles 9:5	And she said to the king, It was a true report which I heard in mine own land of thine acts, and of thy wisdom:	
2 Chronicles 9:7	Happy are thy men, and happy are these thy servants, which stand continually before thee, and hear thy wisdom.	
2 Corinthians 10:13	But we will not boast of things without our measure, but according to the measure of the rule which God hath distributed to us, a measure to reach even unto you.	
2 Corinthians 10:2	But I beseech you, that I may not be bold when I am present with that confidence, wherewith I think to be bold against some, which think of us as if we walked according to the flesh.	
2 Corinthians 10:5	Casting down imaginations, and every high thing that exalteth itself against the knowledge of God, and bringing into captivity every thought to the obedience of Christ;	
2 Corinthians 10:7	Do ye look on things after the outward appearance? If any man trust to himself that he is Christ's, let him of himself think this again, that, as he is Christ's, even so are we Christ's.	
2 Corinthians 10:8	For though I should boast somewhat more of our authority, which the Lord hath given us for edification, and not for your destruction, I should not be ashamed:	
2 Corinthians 11:12	But what I do, that I will do, that I may cut off occasion from them which desire occasion; that wherein they glory, they may be found even as we.	
2 Corinthians 11:16	I say again, Let no man think me a fool; if otherwise, yet as a fool receive me, that I may boast myself a little.	
2 Corinthians 11:17	That which I speak, I speak it not after the Lord, but as it were foolishly, in this confidence of boasting.	
2 Corinthians 11:18	Seeing that many glory after the flesh, I will glory also.	
2 Corinthians 11:2	For I am jealous over you with godly jealousy: for I have espoused you to one husband, that I may present you as a chaste virgin to Christ.	
2 Corinthians 11:3	But I fear, lest by any means, as the serpent beguiled Eve through his subtilty, so your minds should be corrupted from the simplicity that is in Christ.	
2 Corinthians 11:4	For if he that cometh preacheth another Jesus, whom we have not preached, or if ye receive another spirit, which ye have not received, or another gospel, which ye have not accepted, ye might well bear with him.	
2 Corinthians 11:9	And when I was present with you, and wanted, I was chargeable to no man: for that which was lacking to me the brethren which came from Macedonia supplied: and in all things I have kept myself from being burdensome unto you, and so will I keep myself.	
2 Corinthians 12:11	I am become a fool in glorying; ye have compelled me: for I ought to have been commended of you: for in nothing am I behind the very chiefest apostles, though I be nothing.	
2 Corinthians 12:13	For what is it wherein ye were inferior to other churches, except it be that I myself was not burdensome to you? forgive me this wrong.	
2 Corinthians 12:14	Behold, the third time I am ready to come to you; and I will not be burdensome to you: for I seek not your's but you: for the children ought not to lay up for the parents, but the parents for the children.	
2 Corinthians 12:17	Did I make a gain of you by any of them whom I sent unto you?	
2 Corinthians 13:13	All the saints salute you.	
2 Corinthians 13:3	Since ye seek a proof of Christ speaking in me, which to you-ward is not weak, but is mighty in you.	
2 Corinthians 13:9	For we are glad, when we are weak, and ye are strong: and this also we wish, even your perfection.	
2 Corinthians 1:10	Who delivered us from so great a death, and doth deliver: in whom we trust that he will yet deliver us;	
2 Corinthians 1:14	As also ye have acknowledged us in part, that we are your rejoicing, even as ye also are our's in the day of the Lord Jesus.	
2 Corinthians 1:2	Grace be to you and peace from God our Father, and from the Lord Jesus Christ.	
2 Corinthians 1:23	Moreover I call God for a record upon my soul, that to spare you I came not as yet unto Corinth.	
2 Corinthians 1:6	And whether we be afflicted, it is for your consolation and salvation, which is effectual in the enduring of the same sufferings which we also suffer: or whether we be comforted, it is for your consolation and salvation.	
2 Corinthians 2:10	To whom ye forgive any thing, I forgive also: for if I forgave any thing, to whom I forgave it, for your sakes forgave I it in the person of Christ;	
2 Corinthians 2:11	Lest Satan should get an advantage of us: for we are not ignorant of his devices.	
2 Corinthians 2:15	For we are unto God a sweet savour of Christ, in them that are saved, and in them that perish:	
2 Corinthians 3:11	For if that which is done away was glorious, much more that which remaineth is glorious.	
2 Corinthians 3:17	Now the Lord is that Spirit: and where the Spirit of the Lord is, there is liberty.	
2 Corinthians 3:4	And such trust have we through Christ to God-ward:	
2 Corinthians 3:5	Not that we are sufficient of ourselves to think any thing as of ourselves; but our sufficiency is of God;	
2 Corinthians 3:7	But if the ministration of death, written and engraven in stones, was glorious, so that the children of Israel could not stedfastly behold the face of Moses for the glory of his countenance; which glory was to be done away:	
2 Corinthians 4:10	Always bearing about in the body the dying of the Lord Jesus, that the life also of Jesus might be made manifest in our body.	
2 Corinthians 4:17	For our light affliction, which is but for a moment, worketh for us a far more exceeding and eternal weight of glory;	
2 Corinthians 4:18	While we look not at the things which are seen, but at the things which are not seen: for the things which are seen are temporal; but the things which are not seen are eternal.	
2 Corinthians 4:2	But have renounced the hidden things of dishonesty, not walking in craftiness, nor handling the word of God deceitfully; but by manifestation of the truth commending ourselves to every man's conscience in the sight of God.	
2 Corinthians 4:8	We are troubled on every side, yet not distressed; we are perplexed, but not in despair;	
2 Corinthians 5:1	For we know that if our earthly house of this tabernacle were dissolved, we have a building of God, an house not made with hands, eternal in the heavens.	
2 Corinthians 5:10	For we must all appear before the judgment seat of Christ; that every one may receive the things done in his body, according to that he hath done, whether it be good or bad.	
2 Corinthians 5:14	For the love of Christ constraineth us; because we thus judge, that if one died for all, then were all dead:	
2 Corinthians 5:15	And that he died for all, that they which live should not henceforth live unto themselves, but unto him which died for them, and rose again.	
2 Corinthians 5:2	For in this we groan, earnestly desiring to be clothed upon with our house which is from heaven:	
2 Corinthians 5:9	Wherefore we labour, that, whether present or absent, we may be accepted of him.	
2 Corinthians 6:10	As sorrowful, yet alway rejoicing; as poor, yet making many rich; as having nothing, and yet possessing all things.	
2 Corinthians 6:15	And what concord hath Christ with Belial? or what part hath he that believeth with an infidel?	
2 Corinthians 6:16	And what agreement hath the temple of God with idols? for ye are the temple of the living God; as God hath said, I will dwell in them, and walk in them; and I will be their God, and they shall be my people.	
2 Corinthians 6:5	In stripes, in imprisonments, in tumults, in labours, in watchings, in fastings;	
2 Corinthians 6:8	By honour and dishonour, by evil report and good report: as deceivers, and yet true;	
2 Corinthians 7:1	Having therefore these promises, dearly beloved, let us cleanse ourselves from all filthiness of the flesh and spirit, perfecting holiness in the fear of God.	
2 Corinthians 7:6	Nevertheless God, that comforteth those that are cast down, comforted us by the coming of Titus;	
2 Corinthians 8:10	And herein I give my advice: for this is expedient for you, who have begun before, not only to do, but also to be forward a year ago.	
2 Corinthians 8:11	Now therefore perform the doing of it; that as there was a readiness to will, so there may be a performance also out of that which ye have.	
2 Corinthians 8:19	And not that only, but who was also chosen of the churches to travel with us with this grace, which is administered by us to the glory of the same Lord, and declaration of your ready mind:	
2 Corinthians 8:23	Whether any do enquire of Titus, he is my partner and fellowhelper concerning you: or our brethren be enquired of, they are the messengers of the churches, and the glory of Christ.	
2 Corinthians 8:3	For to their power, I bear record, yea, and beyond their power they were willing of themselves;	
2 Corinthians 8:9	For ye know the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, that, though he was rich, yet for your sakes he became poor, that ye through his poverty might be rich.	
2 Corinthians 9:1	For as touching the ministering to the saints, it is superfluous for me to write to you:	
2 Corinthians 9:10	Now he that ministereth seed to the sower both minister bread for your food, and multiply your seed sown, and increase the fruits of your righteousness;)	
2 Corinthians 9:13	Whiles by the experiment of this ministration they glorify God for your professed subjection unto the gospel of Christ, and for your liberal distribution unto them, and unto all men;	
2 Corinthians 9:5	Therefore I thought it necessary to exhort the brethren, that they would go before unto you, and make up beforehand your bounty, whereof ye had notice before, that the same might be ready, as a matter of bounty, and not as of covetousness.	
2 Corinthians 9:8	And God is able to make all grace abound toward you; that ye, always having all sufficiency in all things, may abound to every good work:	
2 Corinthians 9:9	(As it is written, He hath dispersed abroad; he hath given to the poor: his righteousness remaineth for ever.	
2 John 1:2	For the truth's sake, which dwelleth in us, and shall be with us for ever.	
2 John 1:3	Grace be with you, mercy, and peace, from God the Father, and from the Lord Jesus Christ, the Son of the Father, in truth and love.	
2 John 1:8	Look to yourselves, that we lose not those things which we have wrought, but that we receive a full reward.	
2 Kings 10:1	And Ahab had seventy sons in Samaria. And Jehu wrote letters, and sent to Samaria, unto the rulers of Jezreel, to the elders, and to them that brought up Ahab's children, saying,	
2 Kings 10:10	Know now that there shall fall unto the earth nothing of the word of the LORD, which the LORD spake concerning the house of Ahab: for the LORD hath done that which he spake by his servant Elijah.	
2 Kings 10:15	And when he was departed thence, he lighted on Jehonadab the son of Rechab coming to meet him: and he saluted him, and said to him, Is thine heart right, as my heart is with thy heart? And Jehonadab answered, It is. If it be, give me thine hand. And he gave him his hand; and he took him up to him into the chariot.	
2 Kings 10:24	And when they went in to offer sacrifices and burnt offerings, Jehu appointed fourscore men without, and said, If any of the men whom I have brought into your hands escape, he that letteth him go, his life shall be for the life of him.	
2 Kings 10:25	And it came to pass, as soon as he had made an end of offering the burnt offering, that Jehu said to the guard and to the captains, Go in, and slay them; let none come forth. And they smote them with the edge of the sword; and the guard and the captains cast them out, and went to the city of the house of Baal.	
2 Kings 10:28	Thus Jehu destroyed Baal out of Israel.	
2 Kings 10:30	And the LORD said unto Jehu, Because thou hast done well in executing that which is right in mine eyes, and hast done unto the house of Ahab according to all that was in mine heart, thy children of the fourth generation shall sit on the throne of Israel.	
2 Kings 10:32	In those days the LORD began to cut Israel short: and Hazael smote them in all the coasts of Israel;	
2 Kings 10:9	And it came to pass in the morning, that he went out, and stood, and said to all the people, Ye be righteous: behold, I conspired against my master, and slew him: but who slew all these?	
2 Kings 11:11	And the guard stood, every man with his weapons in his hand, round about the king, from the right corner of the temple to the left corner of the temple, along by the altar and the temple.	
2 Kings 11:12	And he brought forth the king's son, and put the crown upon him, and gave him the testimony; and they made him king, and anointed him; and they clapped their hands, and said, God save the king.	
2 Kings 11:17	And Jehoiada made a covenant between the LORD and the king and the people, that they should be the LORD's people; between the king also and the people.	
2 Kings 11:19	And he took the rulers over hundreds, and the captains, and the guard, and all the people of the land; and they brought down the king from the house of the LORD, and came by the way of the gate of the guard to the king's house. And he sat on the throne of the kings.	
2 Kings 11:5	And he commanded them, saying, This is the thing that ye shall do; A third part of you that enter in on the sabbath shall even be keepers of the watch of the king's house;	
2 Kings 12:1	In the seventh year of Jehu Jehoash began to reign; and forty years reigned he in Jerusalem. And his mother's name was Zibiah of Beersheba.	
2 Kings 12:13	Howbeit there were not made for the house of the LORD bowls of silver, snuffers, basins, trumpets, any vessels of gold, or vessels of silver, of the money that was brought into the house of the LORD:	
2 Kings 12:14	But they gave that to the workmen, and repaired therewith the house of the LORD.	
2 Kings 12:18	And Jehoash king of Judah took all the hallowed things that Jehoshaphat, and Jehoram, and Ahaziah, his fathers, kings of Judah, had dedicated, and his own hallowed things, and all the gold that was found in the treasures of the house of the LORD, and in the king's house, and sent it to Hazael king of Syria: and he went away from Jerusalem.	
2 Kings 13:1	In the three and twentieth year of Joash the son of Ahaziah king of Judah Jehoahaz the son of Jehu began to reign over Israel in Samaria, and reigned seventeen years.	
2 Kings 13:12	And the rest of the acts of Joash, and all that he did, and his might wherewith he fought against Amaziah king of Judah, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?	
2 Kings 13:19	And the man of God was wroth with him, and said, Thou shouldest have smitten five or six times; then hadst thou smitten Syria till thou hadst consumed it: whereas now thou shalt smite Syria but thrice.	
2 Kings 13:20	And Elisha died, and they buried him. And the bands of the Moabites invaded the land at the coming in of the year.	
2 Kings 13:4	And Jehoahaz besought the LORD, and the LORD hearkened unto him: for he saw the oppression of Israel, because the king of Syria oppressed them.	
2 Kings 13:8	Now the rest of the acts of Jehoahaz, and all that he did, and his might, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?	
2 Kings 13:9	And Jehoahaz slept with his fathers; and they buried him in Samaria: and Joash his son reigned in his stead.	
2 Kings 14:10	Thou hast indeed smitten Edom, and thine heart hath lifted thee up: glory of this, and tarry at home: for why shouldest thou meddle to thy hurt, that thou shouldest fall, even thou, and Judah with thee?	
2 Kings 14:13	And Jehoash king of Israel took Amaziah king of Judah, the son of Jehoash the son of Ahaziah, at Bethshemesh, and came to Jerusalem, and brake down the wall of Jerusalem from the gate of Ephraim unto the corner gate, four hundred cubits.	
2 Kings 14:19	Now they made a conspiracy against him in Jerusalem: and he fled to Lachish; but they sent after him to Lachish, and slew him there.	
2 Kings 14:2	He was twenty and five years old when he began to reign, and reigned twenty and nine years in Jerusalem. And his mother's name was Jehoaddan of Jerusalem.	
2 Kings 14:22	He built Elath, and restored it to Judah, after that the king slept with his fathers.	
2 Kings 14:24	And he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD: he departed not from all the sins of Jeroboam the son of Nebat, who made Israel to sin.	
2 Kings 14:26	For the LORD saw the affliction of Israel, that it was very bitter: for there was not any shut up, nor any left, nor any helper for Israel.	
2 Kings 14:9	And Jehoash the king of Israel sent to Amaziah king of Judah, saying, The thistle that was in Lebanon sent to the cedar that was in Lebanon, saying, Give thy daughter to my son to wife: and there passed by a wild beast that was in Lebanon, and trode down the thistle.	
2 Kings 15:12	This was the word of the LORD which he spake unto Jehu, saying, Thy sons shall sit on the throne of Israel unto the fourth generation. And so it came to pass.	
2 Kings 15:13	Shallum the son of Jabesh began to reign in the nine and thirtieth year of Uzziah king of Judah; and he reigned a full month in Samaria.	
2 Kings 15:14	For Menahem the son of Gadi went up from Tirzah, and came to Samaria, and smote Shallum the son of Jabesh in Samaria, and slew him, and reigned in his stead.	
2 Kings 15:19	And Pul the king of Assyria came against the land: and Menahem gave Pul a thousand talents of silver, that his hand might be with him to confirm the kingdom in his hand.	
2 Kings 15:20	And Menahem exacted the money of Israel, even of all the mighty men of wealth, of each man fifty shekels of silver, to give to the king of Assyria. So the king of Assyria turned back, and stayed not there in the land.	
2 Kings 15:27	In the two and fiftieth year of Azariah king of Judah Pekah the son of Remaliah began to reign over Israel in Samaria, and reigned twenty years.	
2 Kings 15:3	And he did that which was right in the sight of the LORD, according to all that his father Amaziah had done;	
2 Kings 15:33	Five and twenty years old was he when he began to reign, and he reigned sixteen years in Jerusalem. And his mother's name was Jerusha, the daughter of Zadok.	
2 Kings 15:36	Now the rest of the acts of Jotham, and all that he did, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?	
2 Kings 15:38	And Jotham slept with his fathers, and was buried with his fathers in the city of David his father: and Ahaz his son reigned in his stead.	
2 Kings 15:4	Save that the high places were not removed: the people sacrificed and burnt incense still on the high places.	
2 Kings 16:14	And he brought also the brazen altar, which was before the LORD, from the forefront of the house, from between the altar and the house of the LORD, and put it on the north side of the altar.	
2 Kings 16:2	Twenty years old was Ahaz when he began to reign, and reigned sixteen years in Jerusalem, and did not that which was right in the sight of the LORD his God, like David his father.	
2 Kings 16:20	And Ahaz slept with his fathers, and was buried with his fathers in the city of David: and Hezekiah his son reigned in his stead.	
2 Kings 16:4	And he sacrificed and burnt incense in the high places, and on the hills, and under every green tree.	
2 Kings 16:9	And the king of Assyria hearkened unto him: for the king of Assyria went up against Damascus, and took it, and carried the people of it captive to Kir, and slew Rezin.	
2 Kings 17:1	In the twelfth year of Ahaz king of Judah began Hoshea the son of Elah to reign in Samaria over Israel nine years.	
2 Kings 17:17	And they caused their sons and their daughters to pass through the fire, and used divination and enchantments, and sold themselves to do evil in the sight of the LORD, to provoke him to anger.	
2 Kings 17:2	And he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD, but not as the kings of Israel that were before him.	
2 Kings 17:24	And the king of Assyria brought men from Babylon, and from Cuthah, and from Ava, and from Hamath, and from Sepharvaim, and placed them in the cities of Samaria instead of the children of Israel: and they possessed Samaria, and dwelt in the cities thereof.	
2 Kings 17:36	But the LORD, who brought you up out of the land of Egypt with great power and a stretched out arm, him shall ye fear, and him shall ye worship, and to him shall ye do sacrifice.	
2 Kings 17:4	And the king of Assyria found conspiracy in Hoshea: for he had sent messengers to So king of Egypt, and brought no present to the king of Assyria, as he had done year by year: therefore the king of Assyria shut him up, and bound him in prison.	
2 Kings 17:5	Then the king of Assyria came up throughout all the land, and went up to Samaria, and besieged it three years.	
2 Kings 17:6	In the ninth year of Hoshea the king of Assyria took Samaria, and carried Israel away into Assyria, and placed them in Halah and in Habor by the river of Gozan, and in the cities of the Medes.	
2 Kings 18:12	Because they obeyed not the voice of the LORD their God, but transgressed his covenant, and all that Moses the servant of the LORD commanded, and would not hear them, nor do them.	
2 Kings 18:13	Now in the fourteenth year of king Hezekiah did Sennacherib king of Assyria come up against all the fenced cities of Judah, and took them.	
2 Kings 18:14	And Hezekiah king of Judah sent to the king of Assyria to Lachish, saying, I have offended; return from me: that which thou puttest on me will I bear. And the king of Assyria appointed unto Hezekiah king of Judah three hundred talents of silver and thirty talents of gold.	
2 Kings 18:2	Twenty and five years old was he when he began to reign; and he reigned twenty and nine years in Jerusalem. His mother's name also was Abi, the daughter of Zachariah.	
2 Kings 18:20	Thou sayest, (but they are but vain words,) I have counsel and strength for the war. Now on whom dost thou trust, that thou rebellest against me?	
2 Kings 18:24	How then wilt thou turn away the face of one captain of the least of my master's servants, and put thy trust on Egypt for chariots and for horsemen?	
2 Kings 18:29	Thus saith the king, Let not Hezekiah deceive you: for he shall not be able to deliver you out of his hand:	
2 Kings 18:32	Until I come and take you away to a land like your own land, a land of corn and wine, a land of bread and vineyards, a land of oil olive and of honey, that ye may live, and not die: and hearken not unto Hezekiah, when he persuadeth you, saying, The LORD will deliver us.	
2 Kings 18:35	Who are they among all the gods of the countries, that have delivered their country out of mine hand, that the LORD should deliver Jerusalem out of mine hand?	
2 Kings 18:8	He smote the Philistines, even unto Gaza, and the borders thereof, from the tower of the watchmen to the fenced city.	
2 Kings 19:10	Thus shall ye speak to Hezekiah king of Judah, saying, Let not thy God in whom thou trustest deceive thee, saying, Jerusalem shall not be delivered into the hand of the king of Assyria.	
2 Kings 19:14	And Hezekiah received the letter of the hand of the messengers, and read it: and Hezekiah went up into the house of the LORD, and spread it before the LORD.	
2 Kings 19:16	LORD, bow down thine ear, and hear: open, LORD, thine eyes, and see: and hear the words of Sennacherib, which hath sent him to reproach the living God.	
2 Kings 19:17	Of a truth, LORD, the kings of Assyria have destroyed the nations and their lands,	
2 Kings 19:18	And have cast their gods into the fire: for they were no gods, but the work of men's hands, wood and stone: therefore they have destroyed them.	
2 Kings 19:31	For out of Jerusalem shall go forth a remnant, and they that escape out of mount Zion: the zeal of the LORD of hosts shall do this.	
2 Kings 19:35	And it came to pass that night, that the angel of the LORD went out, and smote in the camp of the Assyrians an hundred fourscore and five thousand: and when they arose early in the morning, behold, they were all dead corpses.	
2 Kings 19:37	And it came to pass, as he was worshipping in the house of Nisroch his god, that Adrammelech and Sharezer his sons smote him with the sword: and they escaped into the land of Armenia. And Esarhaddon his son reigned in his stead.	
2 Kings 19:4	It may be the LORD thy God will hear all the words of Rabshakeh, whom the king of Assyria his master hath sent to reproach the living God; and will reprove the words which the LORD thy God hath heard: wherefore lift up thy prayer for the remnant that are left.	
2 Kings 19:5	So the servants of king Hezekiah came to Isaiah.	
2 Kings 19:6	And Isaiah said unto them, Thus shall ye say to your master, Thus saith the LORD, Be not afraid of the words which thou hast heard, with which the servants of the king of Assyria have blasphemed me.	
2 Kings 19:7	Behold, I will send a blast upon him, and he shall hear a rumor, and shall return to his own land; and I will cause him to fall by the sword in his own land.	
2 Kings 1:10	And Elijah answered and said to the captain of fifty, If I be a man of God, then let fire come down from heaven, and consume thee and thy fifty. And there came down fire from heaven, and consumed him and his fifty.	
2 Kings 1:13	And he sent again a captain of the third fifty with his fifty. And the third captain of fifty went up, and came and fell on his knees before Elijah, and besought him, and said unto him, O man of God, I pray thee, let my life, and the life of these fifty thy servants, be precious in thy sight.	
2 Kings 1:3	But the angel of the LORD said to Elijah the Tishbite, Arise, go up to meet the messengers of the king of Samaria, and say unto them, Is it not because there is not a God in Israel, that ye go to enquire of Baalzebub the god of Ekron?	
2 Kings 20:10	And Hezekiah answered, It is a light thing for the shadow to go down ten degrees: nay, but let the shadow return backward ten degrees.	
2 Kings 20:13	And Hezekiah hearkened unto them, and showed them all the house of his precious things, the silver, and the gold, and the spices, and the precious ointment, and all the house of his armor, and all that was found in his treasures: there was nothing in his house, nor in all his dominion, that Hezekiah showed them not.	
2 Kings 20:14	Then came Isaiah the prophet unto king Hezekiah, and said unto him, What said these men? and from whence came they unto thee? And Hezekiah said, They are come from a far country, even from Babylon.	
2 Kings 20:18	And of thy sons that shall issue from thee, which thou shalt beget, shall they take away; and they shall be eunuchs in the palace of the king of Babylon.	
2 Kings 20:19	Then said Hezekiah unto Isaiah, Good is the word of the LORD which thou hast spoken. And he said, Is it not good, if peace and truth be in my days?	
2 Kings 20:21	And Hezekiah slept with his fathers: and Manasseh his son reigned in his stead.	
2 Kings 20:9	And Isaiah said, This sign shalt thou have of the LORD, that the LORD will do the thing that he hath spoken: shall the shadow go forward ten degrees, or go back ten degrees?	
2 Kings 21:10	And the LORD spake by his servants the prophets, saying,	
2 Kings 21:18	And Manasseh slept with his fathers, and was buried in the garden of his own house, in the garden of Uzza: and Amon his son reigned in his stead.	
2 Kings 21:23	And the servants of Amon conspired against him, and slew the king in his own house.	
2 Kings 21:3	For he built up again the high places which Hezekiah his father had destroyed; and he reared up altars for Baal, and made a grove, as did Ahab king of Israel; and worshipped all the host of heaven, and served them.	
2 Kings 22:11	And it came to pass, when the king had heard the words of the book of the law, that he rent his clothes.	
2 Kings 22:13	Go ye, enquire of the LORD for me, and for the people, and for all Judah, concerning the words of this book that is found: for great is the wrath of the LORD that is kindled against us, because our fathers have not hearkened unto the words of this book, to do according unto all that which is written concerning us.	
2 Kings 22:2	And he did that which was right in the sight of the LORD, and walked in all the way of David his father, and turned not aside to the right hand or to the left.	
2 Kings 22:5	And let them deliver it into the hand of the doers of the work, that have the oversight of the house of the LORD: and let them give it to the doers of the work which is in the house of the LORD, to repair the breaches of the house,	
2 Kings 22:7	Howbeit there was no reckoning made with them of the money that was delivered into their hand, because they dealt faithfully.	
2 Kings 23:10	And he defiled Topheth, which is in the valley of the children of Hinnom, that no man might make his son or his daughter to pass through the fire to Molech.	
2 Kings 23:15	Moreover the altar that was at Bethel, and the high place which Jeroboam the son of Nebat, who made Israel to sin, had made, both that altar and the high place he brake down, and burned the high place, and stamped it small to powder, and burned the grove.	
2 Kings 23:20	And he slew all the priests of the high places that were there upon the altars, and burned men's bones upon them, and returned to Jerusalem.	
2 Kings 23:22	Surely there was not holden such a passover from the days of the judges that judged Israel, nor in all the days of the kings of Israel, nor of the kings of Judah;	
2 Kings 23:25	And like unto him was there no king before him, that turned to the LORD with all his heart, and with all his soul, and with all his might, according to all the law of Moses; neither after him arose there any like him.	
2 Kings 23:26	Notwithstanding the LORD turned not from the fierceness of his great wrath, wherewith his anger was kindled against Judah, because of all the provocations that Manasseh had provoked him withal.	
2 Kings 23:27	And the LORD said, I will remove Judah also out of my sight, as I have removed Israel, and will cast off this city Jerusalem which I have chosen, and the house of which I said, My name shall be there.	
2 Kings 23:29	In his days Pharaohnechoh king of Egypt went up against the king of Assyria to the river Euphrates: and king Josiah went against him; and he slew him at Megiddo, when he had seen him.	
2 Kings 23:32	And he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD, according to all that his fathers had done.	
2 Kings 24:10	At that time the servants of Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came up against Jerusalem, and the city was besieged.	
2 Kings 24:19	And he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD, according to all that Jehoiakim had done.	
2 Kings 24:2	And the LORD sent against him bands of the Chaldees, and bands of the Syrians, and bands of the Moabites, and bands of the children of Ammon, and sent them against Judah to destroy it, according to the word of the LORD, which he spake by his servants the prophets.	
2 Kings 24:6	So Jehoiakim slept with his fathers: and Jehoiachin his son reigned in his stead.	
2 Kings 24:7	And the king of Egypt came not again any more out of his land: for the king of Babylon had taken from the river of Egypt unto the river Euphrates all that pertained to the king of Egypt.	
2 Kings 24:8	Jehoiachin was eighteen years old when he began to reign, and he reigned in Jerusalem three months. And his mother's name was Nehushta, the daughter of Elnathan of Jerusalem.	
2 Kings 25:1	And it came to pass in the ninth year of his reign, in the tenth month, in the tenth day of the month, that Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came, he, and all his host, against Jerusalem, and pitched against it; and they built forts against it round about.	
2 Kings 25:13	And the pillars of brass that were in the house of the LORD, and the bases, and the brazen sea that was in the house of the LORD, did the Chaldees break in pieces, and carried the brass of them to Babylon.	
2 Kings 25:17	The height of the one pillar was eighteen cubits, and the chapiter upon it was brass: and the height of the chapiter three cubits; and the wreathed work, and pomegranates upon the chapiter round about, all of brass: and like unto these had the second pillar with wreathed work.	
2 Kings 25:28	And he spake kindly to him, and set his throne above the throne of the kings that were with him in Babylon;	
2 Kings 25:3	And on the ninth day of the fourth month the famine prevailed in the city, and there was no bread for the people of the land.	
2 Kings 25:5	And the army of the Chaldees pursued after the king, and overtook him in the plains of Jericho: and all his army were scattered from him.	
2 Kings 25:7	And they slew the sons of Zedekiah before his eyes, and put out the eyes of Zedekiah, and bound him with fetters of brass, and carried him to Babylon.	
2 Kings 2:10	And he said, Thou hast asked a hard thing: nevertheless, if thou see me when I am taken from thee, it shall be so unto thee; but if not, it shall not be so.	
2 Kings 2:11	And it came to pass, as they still went on, and talked, that, behold, there appeared a chariot of fire, and horses of fire, and parted them both asunder; and Elijah went up by a whirlwind into heaven.	
2 Kings 2:12	And Elisha saw it, and he cried, My father, my father, the chariot of Israel, and the horsemen thereof. And he saw him no more: and he took hold of his own clothes, and rent them in two pieces.	
2 Kings 2:14	And he took the mantle of Elijah that fell from him, and smote the waters, and said, Where is the LORD God of Elijah? and when he also had smitten the waters, they parted hither and thither: and Elisha went over.	
2 Kings 2:17	And when they urged him till he was ashamed, he said, Send. They sent therefore fifty men; and they sought three days, but found him not.	
2 Kings 2:19	And the men of the city said unto Elisha, Behold, I pray thee, the situation of this city is pleasant, as my lord seeth: but the water is naught, and the ground barren.	
2 Kings 2:21	And he went forth unto the spring of the waters, and cast the salt in there, and said, Thus saith the LORD, I have healed these waters; there shall not be from thence any more death or barren land.	
2 Kings 2:25	And he went from thence to mount Carmel, and from thence he returned to Samaria.	
2 Kings 2:6	And Elijah said unto him, Tarry, I pray thee, here; for the LORD hath sent me to Jordan. And he said, As the LORD liveth, and as thy soul liveth, I will not leave thee. And they two went on.	
2 Kings 2:8	And Elijah took his mantle, and wrapped it together, and smote the waters, and they were divided hither and thither, so that they two went over on dry ground.	
2 Kings 3:11	But Jehoshaphat said, Is there not here a prophet of the LORD, that we may enquire of the LORD by him? And one of the king of Israel's servants answered and said, Here is Elisha the son of Shaphat, which poured water on the hands of Elijah.	
2 Kings 3:15	But now bring me a minstrel. And it came to pass, when the minstrel played, that the hand of the LORD came upon him.	
2 Kings 3:22	And they rose up early in the morning, and the sun shone upon the water, and the Moabites saw the water on the other side as red as blood:	
2 Kings 4:14	And he said, What then is to be done for her? And Gehazi answered, Verily she hath no child, and her husband is old.	
2 Kings 4:17	And the woman conceived, and bare a son at that season that Elisha had said unto her, according to the time of life.	
2 Kings 4:2	And Elisha said unto her, What shall I do for thee? tell me, what hast thou in the house? And she said, Thine handmaid hath not any thing in the house, save a pot of oil.	
2 Kings 4:21	And she went up, and laid him on the bed of the man of God, and shut the door upon him, and went out.	
2 Kings 4:23	And he said, Wherefore wilt thou go to him to day? it is neither new moon, nor sabbath. And she said, It shall be well.	
2 Kings 4:29	Then he said to Gehazi, Gird up thy loins, and take my staff in thine hand, and go thy way: if thou meet any man, salute him not; and if any salute thee, answer him not again: and lay my staff upon the face of the child.	
2 Kings 4:30	And the mother of the child said, As the LORD liveth, and as thy soul liveth, I will not leave thee. And he arose, and followed her.	
2 Kings 4:33	He went in therefore, and shut the door upon them twain, and prayed unto the LORD.	
2 Kings 4:38	And Elisha came again to Gilgal: and there was a dearth in the land; and the sons of the prophets were sitting before him: and he said unto his servant, Set on the great pot, and seethe pottage for the sons of the prophets.	
2 Kings 4:44	So he set it before them, and they did eat, and left thereof, according to the word of the LORD.	
2 Kings 4:5	So she went from him, and shut the door upon her and upon her sons, who brought the vessels to her; and she poured out.	
2 Kings 4:6	And it came to pass, when the vessels were full, that she said unto her son, Bring me yet a vessel. And he said unto her, There is not a vessel more. And the oil stayed.	
2 Kings 4:7	Then she came and told the man of God. And he said, Go, sell the oil, and pay thy debt, and live thou and thy children of the rest.	
2 Kings 5:12	Are not Abana and Pharpar, rivers of Damascus, better than all the waters of Israel? may I not wash in them, and be clean? So he turned and went away in a rage.	
2 Kings 5:13	And his servants came near, and spake unto him, and said, My father, if the prophet had bid thee do some great thing, wouldest thou not have done it? how much rather then, when he saith to thee, Wash, and be clean?	
2 Kings 5:17	And Naaman said, Shall there not then, I pray thee, be given to thy servant two mules' burden of earth? for thy servant will henceforth offer neither burnt offering nor sacrifice unto other gods, but unto the LORD.	
2 Kings 5:20	But Gehazi, the servant of Elisha the man of God, said, Behold, my master hath spared Naaman this Syrian, in not receiving at his hands that which he brought: but, as the LORD liveth, I will run after him, and take somewhat of him.	
2 Kings 5:24	And when he came to the tower, he took them from their hand, and bestowed them in the house: and he let the men go, and they departed.	
2 Kings 5:25	But he went in, and stood before his master. And Elisha said unto him, Whence comest thou, Gehazi? And he said, Thy servant went no whither.	
2 Kings 5:26	And he said unto him, Went not mine heart with thee, when the man turned again from his chariot to meet thee? Is it a time to receive money, and to receive garments, and oliveyards, and vineyards, and sheep, and oxen, and menservants, and maidservants?	
2 Kings 5:7	And it came to pass, when the king of Israel had read the letter, that he rent his clothes, and said, Am I God, to kill and to make alive, that this man doth send unto me to recover a man of his leprosy? wherefore consider, I pray you, and see how he seeketh a quarrel against me.	
2 Kings 6:1	And the sons of the prophets said unto Elisha, Behold now, the place where we dwell with thee is too strait for us.	
2 Kings 6:13	And he said, Go and spy where he is, that I may send and fetch him. And it was told him, saying, Behold, he is in Dothan.	
2 Kings 6:23	And he prepared great provision for them: and when they had eaten and drunk, he sent them away, and they went to their master. So the bands of Syria came no more into the land of Israel.	
2 Kings 6:25	And there was a great famine in Samaria: and, behold, they besieged it, until an ass's head was sold for fourscore pieces of silver, and the fourth part of a cab of dove's dung for five pieces of silver.	
2 Kings 6:28	And the king said unto her, What aileth thee? And she answered, This woman said unto me, Give thy son, that we may eat him to day, and we will eat my son to morrow.	
2 Kings 6:29	So we boiled my son, and did eat him: and I said unto her on the next day, Give thy son, that we may eat him: and she hath hid her son.	
2 Kings 6:31	Then he said, God do so and more also to me, if the head of Elisha the son of Shaphat shall stand on him this day.	
2 Kings 7:13	And one of his servants answered and said, Let some take, I pray thee, five of the horses that remain, which are left in the city, (behold, they are as all the multitude of Israel that are left in it: behold, I say, they are even as all the multitude of the Israelites that are consumed:) and let us send and see.	
2 Kings 7:15	And they went after them unto Jordan: and, lo, all the way was full of garments and vessels, which the Syrians had cast away in their haste. And the messengers returned, and told the king.	
2 Kings 7:18	And it came to pass as the man of God had spoken to the king, saying, Two measures of barley for a shekel, and a measure of fine flour for a shekel, shall be to morrow about this time in the gate of Samaria:	
2 Kings 7:7	Wherefore they arose and fled in the twilight, and left their tents, and their horses, and their asses, even the camp as it was, and fled for their life.	
2 Kings 8:1	Then spake Elisha unto the woman, whose son he had restored to life, saying, Arise, and go thou and thine household, and sojourn wheresoever thou canst sojourn: for the LORD hath called for a famine; and it shall also come upon the land seven years.	
2 Kings 8:10	And Elisha said unto him, Go, say unto him, Thou mayest certainly recover: howbeit the LORD hath showed me that he shall surely die.	
2 Kings 8:11	And he settled his countenance stedfastly, until he was ashamed: and the man of God wept.	
2 Kings 8:16	And in the fifth year of Joram the son of Ahab king of Israel, Jehoshaphat being then king of Judah, Jehoram the son of Jehoshaphat king of Judah began to reign.	
2 Kings 8:17	Thirty and two years old was he when he began to reign; and he reigned eight years in Jerusalem.	
2 Kings 8:29	And king Joram went back to be healed in Jezreel of the wounds which the Syrians had given him at Ramah, when he fought against Hazael king of Syria. And Ahaziah the son of Jehoram king of Judah went down to see Joram the son of Ahab in Jezreel, because he was sick.	
2 Kings 8:3	And it came to pass at the seven years' end, that the woman returned out of the land of the Philistines: and she went forth to cry unto the king for her house and for her land.	
2 Kings 8:5	And it came to pass, as he was telling the king how he had restored a dead body to life, that, behold, the woman, whose son he had restored to life, cried to the king for her house and for her land. And Gehazi said, My lord, O king, this is the woman, and this is her son, whom Elisha restored to life.	
2 Kings 8:9	So Hazael went to meet him, and took a present with him, even of every good thing of Damascus, forty camels' burden, and came and stood before him, and said, Thy son Benhadad king of Syria hath sent me to thee, saying, Shall I recover of this disease?	
2 Kings 9:1	And Elisha the prophet called one of the children of the prophets, and said unto him, Gird up thy loins, and take this box of oil in thine hand, and go to Ramothgilead:	
2 Kings 9:11	Then Jehu came forth to the servants of his lord: and one said unto him, Is all well? wherefore came this mad fellow to thee? And he said unto them, Ye know the man, and his communication.	
2 Kings 9:13	Then they hasted, and took every man his garment, and put it under him on the top of the stairs, and blew with trumpets, saying, Jehu is king.	
2 Kings 9:16	So Jehu rode in a chariot, and went to Jezreel; for Joram lay there. And Ahaziah king of Judah was come down to see Joram.	
2 Kings 9:17	And there stood a watchman on the tower in Jezreel, and he spied the company of Jehu as he came, and said, I see a company. And Joram said, Take an horseman, and send to meet them, and let him say, Is it peace?	
2 Kings 9:26	Surely I have seen yesterday the blood of Naboth, and the blood of his sons, saith the LORD; and I will requite thee in this plat, saith the LORD. Now therefore take and cast him into the plat of ground, according to the word of the LORD.	
2 Kings 9:30	And when Jehu was come to Jezreel, Jezebel heard of it; and she painted her face, and tired her head, and looked out at a window.	
2 Kings 9:9	And I will make the house of Ahab like the house of Jeroboam the son of Nebat, and like the house of Baasha the son of Ahijah:	
2 Peter 1:15	Moreover I will endeavour that ye may be able after my decease to have these things always in remembrance.	
2 Peter 1:19	We have also a more sure word of prophecy; whereunto ye do well that ye take heed, as unto a light that shineth in a dark place, until the day dawn, and the day star arise in your hearts:	
2 Peter 1:20	Knowing this first, that no prophecy of the scripture is of any private interpretation.	
2 Peter 1:3	According as his divine power hath given unto us all things that pertain unto life and godliness, through the knowledge of him that hath called us to glory and virtue:	
2 Peter 1:5	And beside this, giving all diligence, add to your faith virtue; and to virtue knowledge;	
2 Peter 1:7	And to godliness brotherly kindness; and to brotherly kindness charity.	
2 Peter 2:19	While they promise them liberty, they themselves are the servants of corruption: for of whom a man is overcome, of the same is he brought in bondage.	
2 Peter 2:4	For if God spared not the angels that sinned, but cast them down to hell, and delivered them into chains of darkness, to be reserved unto judgment;	
2 Peter 3:13	Nevertheless we, according to his promise, look for new heavens and a new earth, wherein dwelleth righteousness.	
2 Peter 3:17	Ye therefore, beloved, seeing ye know these things before, beware lest ye also, being led away with the error of the wicked, fall from your own stedfastness.	
2 Samuel 10:11	And he said, If the Syrians be too strong for me, then thou shalt help me: but if the children of Ammon be too strong for thee, then I will come and help thee.	
2 Samuel 10:13	And Joab drew nigh, and the people that were with him, unto the battle against the Syrians: and they fled before him.	
2 Samuel 10:15	And when the Syrians saw that they were smitten before Israel, they gathered themselves together.	
2 Samuel 10:18	And the Syrians fled before Israel; and David slew the men of seven hundred chariots of the Syrians, and forty thousand horsemen, and smote Shobach the captain of their host, who died there.	
2 Samuel 10:8	And the children of Ammon came out, and put the battle in array at the entering in of the gate: and the Syrians of Zoba, and of Rehob, and Ishtob, and Maacah, were by themselves in the field.	
2 Samuel 11:1	And it came to pass, after the year was expired, at the time when kings go forth to battle, that David sent Joab, and his servants with him, and all Israel; and they destroyed the children of Ammon, and besieged Rabbah. But David tarried still at Jerusalem.	
2 Samuel 11:16	And it came to pass, when Joab observed the city, that he assigned Uriah unto a place where he knew that valiant men were.	
2 Samuel 11:19	And charged the messenger, saying, When thou hast made an end of telling the matters of the war unto the king,	
2 Samuel 11:2	And it came to pass in an eveningtide, that David arose from off his bed, and walked upon the roof of the king's house: and from the roof he saw a woman washing herself; and the woman was very beautiful to look upon.	
2 Samuel 11:22	So the messenger went, and came and showed David all that Joab had sent him for.	
2 Samuel 11:25	Then David said unto the messenger, Thus shalt thou say unto Joab, Let not this thing displease thee, for the sword devoureth one as well as another: make thy battle more strong against the city, and overthrow it: and encourage thou him.	
2 Samuel 11:7	And when Uriah was come unto him, David demanded of him how Joab did, and how the people did, and how the war prospered.	
2 Samuel 12:1	And the LORD sent Nathan unto David. And he came unto him, and said unto him, There were two men in one city; the one rich, and the other poor.	
2 Samuel 12:10	Now therefore the sword shall never depart from thine house; because thou hast despised me, and hast taken the wife of Uriah the Hittite to be thy wife.	
2 Samuel 12:13	And David said unto Nathan, I have sinned against the LORD. And Nathan said unto David, The LORD also hath put away thy sin; thou shalt not die.	
2 Samuel 12:18	And it came to pass on the seventh day, that the child died. And the servants of David feared to tell him that the child was dead: for they said, Behold, while the child was yet alive, we spake unto him, and he would not hearken unto our voice: how will he then vex himself, if we tell him that the child is dead?	
2 Samuel 12:21	Then said his servants unto him, What thing is this that thou hast done? thou didst fast and weep for the child, while it was alive; but when the child was dead, thou didst rise and eat bread.	
2 Samuel 12:28	Now therefore gather the rest of the people together, and encamp against the city, and take it: lest I take the city, and it be called after my name.	
2 Samuel 12:4	And there came a traveler unto the rich man, and he spared to take of his own flock and of his own herd, to dress for the wayfaring man that was come unto him; but took the poor man's lamb, and dressed it for the man that was come to him.	
2 Samuel 12:5	And David's anger was greatly kindled against the man; and he said to Nathan, As the LORD liveth, the man that hath done this thing shall surely die:	
2 Samuel 13:1	And it came to pass after this, that Absalom the son of David had a fair sister, whose name was Tamar; and Amnon the son of David loved her.	
2 Samuel 13:13	And I, whither shall I cause my shame to go? and as for thee, thou shalt be as one of the fools in Israel. Now therefore, I pray thee, speak unto the king; for he will not withhold me from thee.	
2 Samuel 13:16	And she said unto him, There is no cause: this evil in sending me away is greater than the other that thou didst unto me. But he would not hearken unto her.	
2 Samuel 13:2	And Amnon was so vexed, that he fell sick for his sister Tamar; for she was a virgin; and Amnon thought it hard for him to do anything to her.	
2 Samuel 13:22	And Absalom spake unto his brother Amnon neither good nor bad: for Absalom hated Amnon, because he had forced his sister Tamar.	
2 Samuel 13:27	But Absalom pressed him, that he let Amnon and all the king's sons go with him.	
2 Samuel 13:29	And the servants of Absalom did unto Amnon as Absalom had commanded. Then all the king's sons arose, and every man gat him up upon his mule, and fled.	
2 Samuel 13:3	But Amnon had a friend, whose name was Jonadab, the son of Shimeah David's brother: and Jonadab was a very subtil man.	
2 Samuel 13:30	And it came to pass, while they were in the way, that tidings came to David, saying, Absalom hath slain all the king's sons, and there is not one of them left.	
2 Samuel 13:31	Then the king arose, and tare his garments, and lay on the earth; and all his servants stood by with their clothes rent.	
2 Samuel 13:35	And Jonadab said unto the king, Behold, the king's sons come: as thy servant said, so it is.	
2 Samuel 13:36	And it came to pass, as soon as he had made an end of speaking, that, behold, the king's sons came, and lifted up their voice and wept: and the king also and all his servants wept very sore.	
2 Samuel 13:4	And he said unto him, Why art thou, being the king's son, lean from day to day? wilt thou not tell me? And Amnon said unto him, I love Tamar, my brother Absalom's sister.	
2 Samuel 13:6	So Amnon lay down, and made himself sick: and when the king was come to see him, Amnon said unto the king, I pray thee, let Tamar my sister come, and make me a couple of cakes in my sight, that I may eat at her hand.	
2 Samuel 13:8	So Tamar went to her brother Amnon's house; and he was laid down. And she took flour, and kneaded it, and made cakes in his sight, and did bake the cakes.	
2 Samuel 14:18	Then the king answered and said unto the woman, Hide not from me, I pray thee, the thing that I shall ask thee. And the woman said, Let my lord the king now speak.	
2 Samuel 14:19	And the king said, Is not the hand of Joab with thee in all this? And the woman answered and said, As thy soul liveth, my lord the king, none can turn to the right hand or to the left from ought that my lord the king hath spoken: for thy servant Joab, he bade me, and he put all these words in the mouth of thine handmaid:	
2 Samuel 14:2	And Joab sent to Tekoah, and fetched thence a wise woman, and said unto her, I pray thee, feign thyself to be a mourner, and put on now mourning apparel, and anoint not thyself with oil, but be as a woman that had a long time mourned for the dead:	
2 Samuel 14:23	So Joab arose and went to Geshur, and brought Absalom to Jerusalem.	
2 Samuel 14:26	And when he polled his head, (for it was at every year's end that he polled it: because the hair was heavy on him, therefore he polled it:) he weighed the hair of his head at two hundred shekels after the king's weight.	
2 Samuel 14:28	So Absalom dwelt two full years in Jerusalem, and saw not the king's face.	
2 Samuel 14:32	And Absalom answered Joab, Behold, I sent unto thee, saying, Come hither, that I may send thee to the king, to say, Wherefore am I come from Geshur? it had been good for me to have been there still: now therefore let me see the king's face; and if there be any iniquity in me, let him kill me.	
2 Samuel 14:4	And when the woman of Tekoah spake to the king, she fell on her face to the ground, and did obeisance, and said, Help, O king.	
2 Samuel 14:8	And the king said unto the woman, Go to thine house, and I will give charge concerning thee.	
2 Samuel 15:15	And the king's servants said unto the king, Behold, thy servants are ready to do whatsoever my lord the king shall appoint.	
2 Samuel 15:19	Then said the king to Ittai the Gittite, Wherefore goest thou also with us? return to thy place, and abide with the king: for thou art a stranger, and also an exile.	
2 Samuel 15:2	And Absalom rose up early, and stood beside the way of the gate: and it was so, that when any man that had a controversy came to the king for judgment, then Absalom called unto him, and said, Of what city art thou? And he said, Thy servant is of one of the tribes of Israel.	
2 Samuel 15:27	The king said also unto Zadok the priest, Art not thou a seer? return into the city in peace, and your two sons with you, Ahimaaz thy son, and Jonathan the son of Abiathar.	
2 Samuel 15:28	See, I will tarry in the plain of the wilderness, until there come word from you to certify me.	
2 Samuel 15:29	Zadok therefore and Abiathar carried the ark of God again to Jerusalem: and they tarried there.	
2 Samuel 15:30	And David went up by the ascent of mount Olivet, and wept as he went up, and had his head covered, and he went barefoot: and all the people that was with him covered every man his head, and they went up, weeping as they went up.	
2 Samuel 15:32	And it came to pass, that when David was come to the top of the mount, where he worshipped God, behold, Hushai the Archite came to meet him with his coat rent, and earth upon his head:	
2 Samuel 15:34	But if thou return to the city, and say unto Absalom, I will be thy servant, O king; as I have been thy father's servant hitherto, so will I now also be thy servant: then mayest thou for me defeat the counsel of Ahithophel.	
2 Samuel 16:1	And when David was a little past the top of the hill, behold, Ziba the servant of Mephibosheth met him, with a couple of asses saddled, and upon them two hundred loaves of bread, and an hundred bunches of raisins, and an hundred of summer fruits, and a bottle of wine.	
2 Samuel 16:10	And the king said, What have I to do with you, ye sons of Zeruiah? so let him curse, because the LORD hath said unto him, Curse David. Who shall then say, Wherefore hast thou done so?	
2 Samuel 16:11	And David said to Abishai, and to all his servants, Behold, my son, which came forth of my bowels, seeketh my life: how much more now may this Benjamite do it? let him alone, and let him curse; for the LORD hath bidden him.	
2 Samuel 16:3	And the king said, And where is thy master's son? And Ziba said unto the king, Behold, he abideth at Jerusalem: for he said, To day shall the house of Israel restore me the kingdom of my father.	
2 Samuel 17:13	Moreover, if he be gotten into a city, then shall all Israel bring ropes to that city, and we will draw it into the river, until there be not one small stone found there.	
2 Samuel 17:16	Now therefore send quickly, and tell David, saying, Lodge not this night in the plains of the wilderness, but speedily pass over; lest the king be swallowed up, and all the people that are with him.	
2 Samuel 17:23	And when Ahithophel saw that his counsel was not followed, he saddled his ass, and arose, and gat him home to his house, to his city, and put his household in order, and hanged himself, and died, and was buried in the sepulchre of his father.	
2 Samuel 17:25	And Absalom made Amasa captain of the host instead of Joab: which Amasa was a man's son, whose name was Ithra an Israelite, that went in to Abigail the daughter of Nahash, sister to Zeruiah Joab's mother.	
2 Samuel 17:29	And honey, and butter, and sheep, and cheese of kine, for David, and for the people that were with him, to eat: for they said, The people is hungry, and weary, and thirsty, in the wilderness.	
2 Samuel 17:6	And when Hushai was come to Absalom, Absalom spake unto him, saying, Ahithophel hath spoken after this manner: shall we do after his saying? if not; speak thou.	
2 Samuel 18:17	And they took Absalom, and cast him into a great pit in the wood, and laid a very great heap of stones upon him: and all Israel fled every one to his tent.	
2 Samuel 18:22	Then said Ahimaaz the son of Zadok yet again to Joab, But howsoever, let me, I pray thee, also run after Cushy. And Joab said, Wherefore wilt thou run, my son, seeing that thou hast no tidings ready?	
2 Samuel 18:30	And the king said unto him, Turn aside, and stand here. And he turned aside, and stood still.	
2 Samuel 19:1	And it was told Joab, Behold, the king weepeth and mourneth for Absalom.	
2 Samuel 19:10	And Absalom, whom we anointed over us, is dead in battle. Now therefore why speak ye not a word of bringing the king back?	
2 Samuel 19:14	And he bowed the heart of all the men of Judah, even as the heart of one man; so that they sent this word unto the king, Return thou, and all thy servants.	
2 Samuel 19:21	But Abishai the son of Zeruiah answered and said, Shall not Shimei be put to death for this, because he cursed the LORD's anointed?	
2 Samuel 19:24	And Mephibosheth the son of Saul came down to meet the king, and had neither dressed his feet, nor trimmed his beard, nor washed his clothes, from the day the king departed until the day he came again in peace.	
2 Samuel 19:26	And he answered, My lord, O king, my servant deceived me: for thy servant said, I will saddle me an ass, that I may ride thereon, and go to the king; because thy servant is lame.	
2 Samuel 19:32	Now Barzillai was a very aged man, even fourscore years old: and he had provided the king of sustenance while he lay at Mahanaim; for he was a very great man.	
2 Samuel 19:37	Let thy servant, I pray thee, turn back again, that I may die in mine own city, and be buried by the grave of my father and of my mother. But behold thy servant Chimham; let him go over with my lord the king; and do to him what shall seem good unto thee.	
2 Samuel 19:38	And the king answered, Chimham shall go over with me, and I will do to him that which shall seem good unto thee: and whatsoever thou shalt require of me, that will I do for thee.	
2 Samuel 19:8	Then the king arose, and sat in the gate. And they told unto all the people, saying, Behold, the king doth sit in the gate. And all the people came before the king: for Israel had fled every man to his tent.	
2 Samuel 1:11	Then David took hold on his clothes, and rent them; and likewise all the men that were with him:	
2 Samuel 1:18	(Also he bade them teach the children of Judah the use of the bow: behold, it is written in the book of Jasher.)	
2 Samuel 1:27	How are the mighty fallen, and the weapons of war perished!	
2 Samuel 1:5	And David said unto the young man that told him, How knowest thou that Saul and Jonathan his son be dead?	
2 Samuel 1:7	And when he looked behind him, he saw me, and called unto me. And I answered, Here am I.	
2 Samuel 20:10	But Amasa took no heed to the sword that was in Joab's hand: so he smote him therewith in the fifth rib, and shed out his bowels to the ground, and struck him not again; and he died. So Joab and Abishai his brother pursued after Sheba the son of Bichri.	
2 Samuel 20:13	When he was removed out of the highway, all the people went on after Joab, to pursue after Sheba the son of Bichri.	
2 Samuel 20:2	So every man of Israel went up from after David, and followed Sheba the son of Bichri: but the men of Judah clave unto their king, from Jordan even to Jerusalem.	
2 Samuel 20:20	And Joab answered and said, Far be it, far be it from me, that I should swallow up or destroy.	
2 Samuel 20:22	Then the woman went unto all the people in her wisdom. And they cut off the head of Sheba the son of Bichri, and cast it out to Joab. And he blew a trumpet, and they retired from the city, every man to his tent. And Joab returned to Jerusalem unto the king.	
2 Samuel 20:8	When they were at the great stone which is in Gibeon, Amasa went before them. And Joab's garment that he had put on was girded unto him, and upon it a girdle with a sword fastened upon his loins in the sheath thereof; and as he went forth it fell out.	
2 Samuel 21:10	And Rizpah the daughter of Aiah took sackcloth, and spread it for her upon the rock, from the beginning of harvest until water dropped upon them out of heaven, and suffered neither the birds of the air to rest on them by day, nor the beasts of the field by night.	
2 Samuel 21:11	And it was told David what Rizpah the daughter of Aiah, the concubine of Saul, had done.	
2 Samuel 21:14	And the bones of Saul and Jonathan his son buried they in the country of Benjamin in Zelah, in the sepulchre of Kish his father: and they performed all that the king commanded. And after that God was intreated for the land.	
2 Samuel 21:20	And there was yet a battle in Gath, where was a man of great stature, that had on every hand six fingers, and on every foot six toes, four and twenty in number; and he also was born to the giant.	
2 Samuel 21:3	Wherefore David said unto the Gibeonites, What shall I do for you? and wherewith shall I make the atonement, that ye may bless the inheritance of the LORD?	
2 Samuel 21:5	And they answered the king, The man that consumed us, and that devised against us that we should be destroyed from remaining in any of the coasts of Israel,	
2 Samuel 21:6	Let seven men of his sons be delivered unto us, and we will hang them up unto the LORD in Gibeah of Saul, whom the LORD did choose. And the king said, I will give them.	
2 Samuel 21:7	But the king spared Mephibosheth, the son of Jonathan the son of Saul, because of the LORD's oath that was between them, between David and Jonathan the son of Saul.	
2 Samuel 21:8	But the king took the two sons of Rizpah the daughter of Aiah, whom she bare unto Saul, Armoni and Mephibosheth; and the five sons of Michal the daughter of Saul, whom she brought up for Adriel the son of Barzillai the Meholathite:	
2 Samuel 22:10	He bowed the heavens also, and came down; and darkness was under his feet.	
2 Samuel 22:11	And he rode upon a cherub, and did fly: and he was seen upon the wings of the wind.	
2 Samuel 22:12	And he made darkness pavilions round about him, dark waters, and thick clouds of the skies.	
2 Samuel 22:20	He brought me forth also into a large place: he delivered me, because he delighted in me.	
2 Samuel 22:25	Therefore the LORD hath recompensed me according to my righteousness; according to my cleanness in his eye sight.	
2 Samuel 22:28	And the afflicted people thou wilt save: but thine eyes are upon the haughty, that thou mayest bring them down.	
2 Samuel 22:29	For thou art my lamp, O LORD: and the LORD will lighten my darkness.	
2 Samuel 22:31	As for God, his way is perfect; the word of the LORD is tried: he is a buckler to all them that trust in him.	
2 Samuel 22:34	He maketh my feet like hinds' feet: and setteth me upon my high places.	
2 Samuel 22:38	I have pursued mine enemies, and destroyed them; and turned not again until I had consumed them.	
2 Samuel 22:49	And that bringeth me forth from mine enemies: thou also hast lifted me up on high above them that rose up against me: thou hast delivered me from the violent man.	
2 Samuel 22:5	When the waves of death compassed me, the floods of ungodly men made me afraid;	
2 Samuel 22:51	He is the tower of salvation for his king: and sheweth mercy to his anointed, unto David, and to his seed for evermore.	
2 Samuel 22:8	Then the earth shook and trembled; the foundations of heaven moved and shook, because he was wroth.	
2 Samuel 23:11	And after him was Shammah the son of Agee the Hararite. And the Philistines were gathered together into a troop, where was a piece of ground full of lentils: and the people fled from the Philistines.	
2 Samuel 23:12	But he stood in the midst of the ground, and defended it, and slew the Philistines: and the LORD wrought a great victory.	
2 Samuel 23:15	And David longed, and said, Oh that one would give me drink of the water of the well of Bethlehem, which is by the gate!	
2 Samuel 23:17	And he said, Be it far from me, O LORD, that I should do this: is not this the blood of the men that went in jeopardy of their lives? therefore he would not drink it. These things did these three mighty men.	
2 Samuel 23:30	Benaiah the Pirathonite, Hiddai of the brooks of Gaash,	
2 Samuel 24:10	And David's heart smote him after that he had numbered the people. And David said unto the LORD, I have sinned greatly in that I have done: and now, I beseech thee, O LORD, take away the iniquity of thy servant; for I have done very foolishly.	
2 Samuel 24:11	For when David was up in the morning, the word of the LORD came unto the prophet Gad, David's seer, saying,	
2 Samuel 24:12	Go and say unto David, Thus saith the LORD, I offer thee three things; choose thee one of them, that I may do it unto thee.	
2 Samuel 24:13	So Gad came to David, and told him, and said unto him, Shall seven years of famine come unto thee in thy land? or wilt thou flee three months before thine enemies, while they pursue thee? or that there be three days' pestilence in thy land? now advise, and see what answer I shall return to him that sent me.	
2 Samuel 24:15	So the LORD sent a pestilence upon Israel from the morning even to the time appointed: and there died of the people from Dan even to Beersheba seventy thousand men.	
2 Samuel 24:17	And David spake unto the LORD when he saw the angel that smote the people, and said, Lo, I have sinned, and I have done wickedly: but these sheep, what have they done? let thine hand, I pray thee, be against me, and against my father's house.	
2 Samuel 24:19	And David, according to the saying of Gad, went up as the LORD commanded.	
2 Samuel 24:24	And the king said unto Araunah, Nay; but I will surely buy it of thee at a price: neither will I offer burnt offerings unto the LORD my God of that which doth cost me nothing. So David bought the threshingfloor and the oxen for fifty shekels of silver.	
2 Samuel 2:13	And Joab the son of Zeruiah, and the servants of David, went out, and met together by the pool of Gibeon: and they sat down, the one on the one side of the pool, and the other on the other side of the pool.	
2 Samuel 2:18	And there were three sons of Zeruiah there, Joab, and Abishai, and Asahel: and Asahel was as light of foot as a wild roe.	
2 Samuel 2:19	And Asahel pursued after Abner; and in going he turned not to the right hand nor to the left from following Abner.	
2 Samuel 2:21	And Abner said to him, Turn thee aside to thy right hand or to thy left, and lay thee hold on one of the young men, and take thee his armor. But Asahel would not turn aside from following of him.	
2 Samuel 2:26	Then Abner called to Joab, and said, Shall the sword devour for ever? knowest thou not that it will be bitterness in the latter end? how long shall it be then, ere thou bid the people return from following their brethren?	
2 Samuel 2:5	And David sent messengers unto the men of Jabeshgilead, and said unto them, Blessed be ye of the LORD, that ye have showed this kindness unto your lord, even unto Saul, and have buried him.	
2 Samuel 2:6	And now the LORD show kindness and truth unto you: and I also will requite you this kindness, because ye have done this thing.	
2 Samuel 3:15	And Ishbosheth sent, and took her from her husband, even from Phaltiel the son of Laish.	
2 Samuel 3:22	And, behold, the servants of David and Joab came from pursuing a troop, and brought in a great spoil with them: but Abner was not with David in Hebron; for he had sent him away, and he was gone in peace.	
2 Samuel 3:3	And his second, Chileab, of Abigail the wife of Nabal the Carmelite; and the third, Absalom the son of Maacah the daughter of Talmai king of Geshur;	
2 Samuel 3:38	And the king said unto his servants, Know ye not that there is a prince and a great man fallen this day in Israel?	
2 Samuel 3:4	And the fourth, Adonijah the son of Haggith; and the fifth, Shephatiah the son of Abital;	
2 Samuel 3:5	And the sixth, Ithream, by Eglah David's wife. These were born to David in Hebron.	
2 Samuel 4:1	And when Saul's son heard that Abner was dead in Hebron, his hands were feeble, and all the Israelites were troubled.	
2 Samuel 4:11	How much more, when wicked men have slain a righteous person in his own house upon his bed? shall I not therefore now require his blood of your hand, and take you away from the earth?	
2 Samuel 4:7	For when they came into the house, he lay on his bed in his bedchamber, and they smote him, and slew him, and beheaded him, and took his head, and gat them away through the plain all night.	
2 Samuel 4:8	And they brought the head of Ishbosheth unto David to Hebron, and said to the king, Behold the head of Ishbosheth the son of Saul thine enemy, which sought thy life; and the LORD hath avenged my lord the king this day of Saul, and of his seed.	
2 Samuel 5:18	The Philistines also came and spread themselves in the valley of Rephaim.	
2 Samuel 5:22	And the Philistines came up yet again, and spread themselves in the valley of Rephaim.	
2 Samuel 5:9	So David dwelt in the fort, and called it the city of David. And David built round about from Millo and inward.	
2 Samuel 6:1	Again, David gathered together all the chosen men of Israel, thirty thousand.	
2 Samuel 6:10	So David would not remove the ark of the LORD unto him into the city of David: but David carried it aside into the house of Obededom the Gittite.	
2 Samuel 6:16	And as the ark of the LORD came into the city of David, Michal Saul's daughter looked through a window, and saw king David leaping and dancing before the LORD; and she despised him in her heart.	
2 Samuel 6:19	And he dealt among all the people, even among the whole multitude of Israel, as well to the women as men, to every one a cake of bread, and a good piece of flesh, and a flagon of wine. So all the people departed every one to his house.	
2 Samuel 6:2	And David arose, and went with all the people that were with him from Baale of Judah, to bring up from thence the ark of God, whose name is called by the name of the LORD of hosts that dwelleth between the cherubim.	
2 Samuel 6:20	Then David returned to bless his household. And Michal the daughter of Saul came out to meet David, and said, How glorious was the king of Israel to day, who uncovered himself to day in the eyes of the handmaids of his servants, as one of the vain fellows shamelessly uncovereth himself!	
2 Samuel 6:22	And I will yet be more vile than thus, and will be base in mine own sight: and of the maidservants which thou hast spoken of, of them shall I be had in honor.	
2 Samuel 6:5	And David and all the house of Israel played before the LORD on all manner of instruments made of fir wood, even on harps, and on psalteries, and on timbrels, and on cornets, and on cymbals.	
2 Samuel 6:6	And when they came to Nachon's threshingfloor, Uzzah put forth his hand to the ark of God, and took hold of it; for the oxen shook it.	
2 Samuel 6:9	And David was afraid of the LORD that day, and said, How shall the ark of the LORD come to me?	
2 Samuel 7:14	I will be his father, and he shall be my son. If he commit iniquity, I will chasten him with the rod of men, and with the stripes of the children of men:	
2 Samuel 7:19	And this was yet a small thing in thy sight, O Lord GOD; but thou hast spoken also of thy servant's house for a great while to come. And is this the manner of man, O Lord GOD?	
2 Samuel 7:20	And what can David say more unto thee? for thou, Lord GOD, knowest thy servant.	
2 Samuel 7:23	And what one nation in the earth is like thy people, even like Israel, whom God went to redeem for a people to himself, and to make him a name, and to do for you great things and terrible, for thy land, before thy people, which thou redeemedst to thee from Egypt, from the nations and their gods?	
2 Samuel 7:24	For thou hast confirmed to thyself thy people Israel to be a people unto thee for ever: and thou, LORD, art become their God.	
2 Samuel 7:25	And now, O LORD God, the word that thou hast spoken concerning thy servant, and concerning his house, establish it for ever, and do as thou hast said.	
2 Samuel 7:27	For thou, O LORD of hosts, God of Israel, hast revealed to thy servant, saying, I will build thee an house: therefore hath thy servant found in his heart to pray this prayer unto thee.	
2 Samuel 7:28	And now, O Lord GOD, thou art that God, and thy words be true, and thou hast promised this goodness unto thy servant:	
2 Samuel 8:12	Of Syria, and of Moab, and of the children of Ammon, and of the Philistines, and of Amalek, and of the spoil of Hadadezer, son of Rehob, king of Zobah.	
2 Samuel 8:14	And he put garrisons in Edom; throughout all Edom put he garrisons, and all they of Edom became David's servants. And the LORD preserved David whithersoever he went.	
2 Samuel 8:16	And Joab the son of Zeruiah was over the host; and Jehoshaphat the son of Ahilud was recorder;	
2 Samuel 8:2	And he smote Moab, and measured them with a line, casting them down to the ground; even with two lines measured he to put to death, and with one full line to keep alive. And so the Moabites became David's servants, and brought gifts.	
2 Samuel 8:6	Then David put garrisons in Syria of Damascus: and the Syrians became servants to David, and brought gifts. And the LORD preserved David whithersoever he went.	
2 Samuel 9:1	And David said, Is there yet any that is left of the house of Saul, that I may show him kindness for Jonathan's sake?	
2 Samuel 9:12	And Mephibosheth had a young son, whose name was Micha. And all that dwelt in the house of Ziba were servants unto Mephibosheth.	
2 Samuel 9:13	So Mephibosheth dwelt in Jerusalem: for he did eat continually at the king's table; and was lame on both his feet.	
2 Samuel 9:7	And David said unto him, Fear not: for I will surely show thee kindness for Jonathan thy father's sake, and will restore thee all the land of Saul thy father; and thou shalt eat bread at my table continually.	
2 Thessalonians 1:2	Grace unto you, and peace, from God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ.	
2 Thessalonians 1:4	So that we ourselves glory in you in the churches of God for your patience and faith in all your persecutions and tribulations that ye endure:	
2 Thessalonians 1:5	Which is a manifest token of the righteous judgment of God, that ye may be counted worthy of the kingdom of God, for which ye also suffer:	
2 Thessalonians 2:10	And with all deceivableness of unrighteousness in them that perish; because they received not the love of the truth, that they might be saved.	
2 Thessalonians 2:14	Whereunto he called you by our gospel, to the obtaining of the glory of our Lord Jesus Christ.	
2 Thessalonians 2:2	That ye be not soon shaken in mind, or be troubled, neither by spirit, nor by word, nor by letter as from us, as that the day of Christ is at hand.	
2 Thessalonians 2:5	Remember ye not, that, when I was yet with you, I told you these things?	
2 Thessalonians 2:7	For the mystery of iniquity doth already work: only he who now letteth will let, until he be taken out of the way.	
2 Thessalonians 2:8	And then shall that Wicked be revealed, whom the Lord shall consume with the spirit of his mouth, and shall destroy with the brightness of his coming:	
2 Thessalonians 3:11	For we hear that there are some which walk among you disorderly, working not at all, but are busybodies.	
2 Thessalonians 3:12	Now them that are such we command and exhort by our Lord Jesus Christ, that with quietness they work, and eat their own bread.	
2 Thessalonians 3:15	Yet count him not as an enemy, but admonish him as a brother.	
2 Thessalonians 3:16	Now the Lord of peace himself give you peace always by all means. The Lord be with you all.	
2 Thessalonians 3:2	And that we may be delivered from unreasonable and wicked men: for all men have not faith.	
2 Timothy 1:10	But is now made manifest by the appearing of our Saviour Jesus Christ, who hath abolished death, and hath brought life and immortality to light through the gospel:	
2 Timothy 1:14	That good thing which was committed unto thee keep by the Holy Ghost which dwelleth in us.	
2 Timothy 1:15	This thou knowest, that all they which are in Asia be turned away from me; of whom are Phygellus and Hermogenes.	
2 Timothy 1:17	But, when he was in Rome, he sought me out very diligently, and found me.	
2 Timothy 1:2	To Timothy, my dearly beloved son: Grace, mercy, and peace, from God the Father and Christ Jesus our Lord.	
2 Timothy 1:5	When I call to remembrance the unfeigned faith that is in thee, which dwelt first in thy grandmother Lois, and thy mother Eunice; and I am persuaded that in thee also.	
2 Timothy 1:8	Be not thou therefore ashamed of the testimony of our Lord, nor of me his prisoner: but be thou partaker of the afflictions of the gospel according to the power of God;	
2 Timothy 2:15	Study to shew thyself approved unto God, a workman that needeth not to be ashamed, rightly dividing the word of truth.	
2 Timothy 2:16	But shun profane and vain babblings: for they will increase unto more ungodliness.	
2 Timothy 2:21	If a man therefore purge himself from these, he shall be a vessel unto honour, sanctified, and meet for the master's use, and prepared unto every good work.	
2 Timothy 2:22	Flee also youthful lusts: but follow righteousness, faith, charity, peace, with them that call on the Lord out of a pure heart.	
2 Timothy 2:23	But foolish and unlearned questions avoid, knowing that they do gender strifes.	
2 Timothy 2:4	No man that warreth entangleth himself with the affairs of this life; that he may please him who hath chosen him to be a soldier.	
2 Timothy 2:5	And if a man also strive for masteries, yet is he not crowned, except he strive lawfully.	
2 Timothy 3:14	But continue thou in the things which thou hast learned and hast been assured of, knowing of whom thou hast learned them;	
2 Timothy 3:17	That the man of God may be perfect, throughly furnished unto all good works.	
2 Timothy 3:3	Without natural affection, trucebreakers, false accusers, incontinent, fierce, despisers of those that are good,	
2 Timothy 3:5	Having a form of godliness, but denying the power thereof: from such turn away.	
2 Timothy 4:12	And Tychicus have I sent to Ephesus.	
2 Timothy 4:13	The cloke that I left at Troas with Carpus, when thou comest, bring with thee, and the books, but especially the parchments.	
2 Timothy 4:15	Of whom be thou ware also; for he hath greatly withstood our words.	
2 Timothy 4:3	For the time will come when they will not endure sound doctrine; but after their own lusts shall they heap to themselves teachers, having itching ears;	
2 Timothy 4:7	I have fought a good fight, I have finished my course, I have kept the faith:	
2 Timothy 4:9	Do thy diligence to come shortly unto me:	
3 John 1:13	I had many things to write, but I will not with ink and pen write unto thee:	
3 John 1:14	But I trust I shall shortly see thee, and we shall speak face to face. Peace be to thee. Our friends salute thee. Greet the friends by name.	
3 John 1:2	Beloved, I wish above all things that thou mayest prosper and be in health, even as thy soul prospereth.	
3 John 1:5	Beloved, thou doest faithfully whatsoever thou doest to the brethren, and to strangers;	
3 John 1:6	Which have borne witness of thy charity before the church: whom if thou bring forward on their journey after a godly sort, thou shalt do well:	
3 John 1:9	I wrote unto the church: but Diotrephes, who loveth to have the preeminence among them, receiveth us not.	
Acts 10:11	And saw heaven opened, and a certain vessel descending upon him, as it had been a great sheet knit at the four corners, and let down to the earth:	
Acts 10:15	And the voice spake unto him again the second time, What God hath cleansed, that call not thou common.	
Acts 10:19	While Peter thought on the vision, the Spirit said unto him, Behold, three men seek thee.	
Acts 10:20	Arise therefore, and get thee down, and go with them, doubting nothing: for I have sent them.	
Acts 10:23	Then called he them in, and lodged them. And on the morrow Peter went away with them, and certain brethren from Joppa accompanied him.	
Acts 10:26	But Peter took him up, saying, Stand up; I myself also am a man.	
Acts 10:28	And he said unto them, Ye know how that it is an unlawful thing for a man that is a Jew to keep company, or come unto one of another nation; but God hath shewed me that I should not call any man common or unclean.	
Acts 10:34	Then Peter opened his mouth, and said, Of a truth I perceive that God is no respecter of persons:	
Acts 10:37	That word, I say, ye know, which was published throughout all Judaea, and began from Galilee, after the baptism which John preached;	
Acts 10:42	And he commanded us to preach unto the people, and to testify that it is he which was ordained of God to be the Judge of quick and dead.	
Acts 10:43	To him give all the prophets witness, that through his name whosoever believeth in him shall receive remission of sins.	
Acts 10:47	Can any man forbid water, that these should not be baptized, which have received the Holy Ghost as well as we?	
Acts 10:48	And he commanded them to be baptized in the name of the Lord. Then prayed they him to tarry certain days.	
Acts 11:1	And the apostles and brethren that were in Judaea heard that the Gentiles had also received the word of God.	
Acts 11:10	And this was done three times: and all were drawn up again into heaven.	
Acts 11:14	Who shall tell thee words, whereby thou and all thy house shall be saved.	
Acts 11:15	And as I began to speak, the Holy Ghost fell on them, as on us at the beginning.	
Acts 11:20	And some of them were men of Cyprus and Cyrene, which, when they were come to Antioch, spake unto the Grecians, preaching the LORD Jesus.	
Acts 11:23	Who, when he came, and had seen the grace of God, was glad, and exhorted them all, that with purpose of heart they would cleave unto the Lord.	
Acts 11:26	And when he had found him, he brought him unto Antioch. And it came to pass, that a whole year they assembled themselves with the church, and taught much people. And the disciples were called Christians first in Antioch.	
Acts 11:30	Which also they did, and sent it to the elders by the hands of Barnabas and Saul.	
Acts 11:4	But Peter rehearsed the matter from the beginning, and expounded it by order unto them, saying,	
Acts 12:15	And they said unto her, Thou art mad. But she constantly affirmed that it was even so. Then said they, It is his angel.	
Acts 12:19	And when Herod had sought for him, and found him not, he examined the keepers, and commanded that they should be put to death. And he went down from Judaea to Caesarea, and there abode.	
Acts 12:3	And because he saw it pleased the Jews, he proceeded further to take Peter also. (Then were the days of unleavened bread.)	
Acts 12:6	And when Herod would have brought him forth, the same night Peter was sleeping between two soldiers, bound with two chains: and the keepers before the door kept the prison.	
Acts 12:7	And, behold, the angel of the Lord came upon him, and a light shined in the prison: and he smote Peter on the side, and raised him up, saying, Arise up quickly. And his chains fell off from his hands.	
Acts 13:1	Now there were in the church that was at Antioch certain prophets and teachers; as Barnabas, and Simeon that was called Niger, and Lucius of Cyrene, and Manaen, which had been brought up with Herod the tetrarch, and Saul.	
Acts 13:20	And after that he gave unto them judges about the space of four hundred and fifty years, until Samuel the prophet.	
Acts 13:23	Of this man's seed hath God according to his promise raised unto Israel a Saviour, Jesus:	
Acts 13:24	When John had first preached before his coming the baptism of repentance to all the people of Israel.	
Acts 13:25	And as John fulfilled his course, he said, Whom think ye that I am? I am not he. But, behold, there cometh one after me, whose shoes of his feet I am not worthy to loose.	
Acts 13:28	And though they found no cause of death in him, yet desired they Pilate that he should be slain.	
Acts 13:31	And he was seen many days of them which came up with him from Galilee to Jerusalem, who are his witnesses unto the people.	
Acts 13:33	God hath fulfilled the same unto us their children, in that he hath raised up Jesus again; as it is also written in the second psalm, Thou art my Son, this day have I begotten thee.	
Acts 13:37	But he, whom God raised again, saw no corruption.	
Acts 13:40	Beware therefore, lest that come upon you, which is spoken of in the prophets;	
Acts 13:44	And the next sabbath day came almost the whole city together to hear the word of God.	
Acts 13:45	But when the Jews saw the multitudes, they were filled with envy, and spake against those things which were spoken by Paul, contradicting and blaspheming.	
Acts 13:49	And the word of the Lord was published throughout all the region.	
Acts 13:51	But they shook off the dust of their feet against them, and came unto Iconium.	
Acts 13:8	But Elymas the sorcerer (for so is his name by interpretation) withstood them, seeking to turn away the deputy from the faith.	
Acts 14:11	And when the people saw what Paul had done, they lifted up their voices, saying in the speech of Lycaonia, The gods are come down to us in the likeness of men.	
Acts 14:15	And saying, Sirs, why do ye these things? We also are men of like passions with you, and preach unto you that ye should turn from these vanities unto the living God, which made heaven, and earth, and the sea, and all things that are therein:	
Acts 14:18	And with these sayings scarce restrained they the people, that they had not done sacrifice unto them.	
Acts 14:21	And when they had preached the gospel to that city, and had taught many, they returned again to Lystra, and to Iconium, and Antioch,	
Acts 14:22	Confirming the souls of the disciples, and exhorting them to continue in the faith, and that we must through much tribulation enter into the kingdom of God.	
Acts 14:7	And there they preached the gospel.	
Acts 14:8	And there sat a certain man at Lystra, impotent in his feet, being a cripple from his mother's womb, who never had walked:	
Acts 15:12	Then all the multitude kept silence, and gave audience to Barnabas and Paul, declaring what miracles and wonders God had wrought among the Gentiles by them.	
Acts 15:15	And to this agree the words of the prophets; as it is written,	
Acts 15:21	For Moses of old time hath in every city them that preach him, being read in the synagogues every sabbath day.	
Acts 15:29	That ye abstain from meats offered to idols, and from blood, and from things strangled, and from fornication: from which if ye keep yourselves, ye shall do well. Fare ye well.	
Acts 15:35	Paul also and Barnabas continued in Antioch, teaching and preaching the word of the Lord, with many others also.	
Acts 15:37	And Barnabas determined to take with them John, whose surname was Mark.	
Acts 15:38	But Paul thought not good to take him with them, who departed from them from Pamphylia, and went not with them to the work.	
Acts 15:6	And the apostles and elders came together for to consider of this matter.	
Acts 15:7	And when there had been much disputing, Peter rose up, and said unto them, Men and brethren, ye know how that a good while ago God made choice among us, that the Gentiles by my mouth should hear the word of the gospel, and believe.	
Acts 15:8	And God, which knoweth the hearts, bare them witness, giving them the Holy Ghost, even as he did unto us;	
Acts 16:1	Then came he to Derbe and Lystra: and, behold, a certain disciple was there, named Timotheus, the son of a certain woman, which was a Jewess, and believed; but his father was a Greek:	
Acts 16:13	And on the sabbath we went out of the city by a river side, where prayer was wont to be made; and we sat down, and spake unto the women which resorted thither.	
Acts 16:15	And when she was baptized, and her household, she besought us, saying, If ye have judged me to be faithful to the Lord, come into my house, and abide there. And she constrained us.	
Acts 16:23	And when they had laid many stripes upon them, they cast them into prison, charging the jailor to keep them safely:	
Acts 16:27	And the keeper of the prison awaking out of his sleep, and seeing the prison doors open, he drew out his sword, and would have killed himself, supposing that the prisoners had been fled.	
Acts 16:28	But Paul cried with a loud voice, saying, Do thyself no harm: for we are all here.	
Acts 16:34	And when he had brought them into his house, he set meat before them, and rejoiced, believing in God with all his house.	
Acts 16:35	And when it was day, the magistrates sent the serjeants, saying, Let those men go.	
Acts 16:5	And so were the churches established in the faith, and increased in number daily.	
Acts 16:7	After they were come to Mysia, they assayed to go into Bithynia: but the Spirit suffered them not.	
Acts 17:11	These were more noble than those in Thessalonica, in that they received the word with all readiness of mind, and searched the scriptures daily, whether those things were so.	
Acts 17:25	Neither is worshipped with men's hands, as though he needed any thing, seeing he giveth to all life, and breath, and all things;	
Acts 17:27	That they should seek the Lord, if haply they might feel after him, and find him, though he be not far from every one of us:	
Acts 17:4	And some of them believed, and consorted with Paul and Silas; and of the devout Greeks a great multitude, and of the chief women not a few.	
Acts 17:8	And they troubled the people and the rulers of the city, when they heard these things.	
Acts 18:1	After these things Paul departed from Athens, and came to Corinth;	
Acts 18:12	And when Gallio was the deputy of Achaia, the Jews made insurrection with one accord against Paul, and brought him to the judgment seat,	
Acts 18:17	Then all the Greeks took Sosthenes, the chief ruler of the synagogue, and beat him before the judgment seat. And Gallio cared for none of those things.	
Acts 18:26	And he began to speak boldly in the synagogue: whom when Aquila and Priscilla had heard, they took him unto them, and expounded unto him the way of God more perfectly.	
Acts 18:27	And when he was disposed to pass into Achaia, the brethren wrote, exhorting the disciples to receive him: who, when he was come, helped them much which had believed through grace:	
Acts 18:28	For he mightily convinced the Jews, and that publickly, shewing by the scriptures that Jesus was Christ.	
Acts 18:3	And because he was of the same craft, he abode with them, and wrought: for by their occupation they were tentmakers.	
Acts 18:9	Then spake the Lord to Paul in the night by a vision, Be not afraid, but speak, and hold not thy peace:	
Acts 19:13	Then certain of the vagabond Jews, exorcists, took upon them to call over them which had evil spirits the name of the LORD Jesus, saying, We adjure you by Jesus whom Paul preacheth.	
Acts 19:15	And the evil spirit answered and said, Jesus I know, and Paul I know; but who are ye?	
Acts 19:21	After these things were ended, Paul purposed in the spirit, when he had passed through Macedonia and Achaia, to go to Jerusalem, saying, After I have been there, I must also see Rome.	
Acts 19:24	For a certain man named Demetrius, a silversmith, which made silver shrines for Diana, brought no small gain unto the craftsmen;	
Acts 19:27	So that not only this our craft is in danger to be set at nought; but also that the temple of the great goddess Diana should be despised, and her magnificence should be destroyed, whom all Asia and the world worshippeth.	
Acts 19:32	Some therefore cried one thing, and some another: for the assembly was confused: and the more part knew not wherefore they were come together.	
Acts 19:40	For we are in danger to be called in question for this day's uproar, there being no cause whereby we may give an account of this concourse.	
Acts 19:6	And when Paul had laid his hands upon them, the Holy Ghost came on them; and they spake with tongues, and prophesied.	
Acts 19:9	But when divers were hardened, and believed not, but spake evil of that way before the multitude, he departed from them, and separated the disciples, disputing daily in the school of one Tyrannus.	
Acts 1:18	Now this man purchased a field with the reward of iniquity; and falling headlong, he burst asunder in the midst, and all his bowels gushed out.	
Acts 1:2	Until the day in which he was taken up, after that he through the Holy Ghost had given commandments unto the apostles whom he had chosen:	
Acts 1:20	For it is written in the book of Psalms, Let his habitation be desolate, and let no man dwell therein: and his bishoprick let another take.	
Acts 1:23	And they appointed two, Joseph called Barsabas, who was surnamed Justus, and Matthias.	
Acts 1:3	To whom also he shewed himself alive after his passion by many infallible proofs, being seen of them forty days, and speaking of the things pertaining to the kingdom of God:	
Acts 1:5	For John truly baptized with water; but ye shall be baptized with the Holy Ghost not many days hence.	
Acts 1:7	And he said unto them, It is not for you to know the times or the seasons, which the Father hath put in his own power.	
Acts 1:8	But ye shall receive power, after that the Holy Ghost is come upon you: and ye shall be witnesses unto me both in Jerusalem, and in all Judaea, and in Samaria, and unto the uttermost part of the earth.	
Acts 20:15	And we sailed thence, and came the next day over against Chios; and the next day we arrived at Samos, and tarried at Trogyllium; and the next day we came to Miletus.	
Acts 20:17	And from Miletus he sent to Ephesus, and called the elders of the church.	
Acts 20:2	And when he had gone over those parts, and had given them much exhortation, he came into Greece,	
Acts 20:28	Take heed therefore unto yourselves, and to all the flock, over the which the Holy Ghost hath made you overseers, to feed the church of God, which he hath purchased with his own blood.	
Acts 20:29	For I know this, that after my departing shall grievous wolves enter in among you, not sparing the flock.	
Acts 20:30	Also of your own selves shall men arise, speaking perverse things, to draw away disciples after them.	
Acts 20:33	I have coveted no man's silver, or gold, or apparel.	
Acts 20:36	And when he had thus spoken, he kneeled down, and prayed with them all.	
Acts 20:6	And we sailed away from Philippi after the days of unleavened bread, and came unto them to Troas in five days; where we abode seven days.	
Acts 20:8	And there were many lights in the upper chamber, where they were gathered together.	
Acts 20:9	And there sat in a window a certain young man named Eutychus, being fallen into a deep sleep: and as Paul was long preaching, he sunk down with sleep, and fell down from the third loft, and was taken up dead.	
Acts 21:1	And it came to pass, that after we were gotten from them, and had launched, we came with a straight course unto Coos, and the day following unto Rhodes, and from thence unto Patara:	
Acts 21:24	Them take, and purify thyself with them, and be at charges with them, that they may shave their heads: and all may know that those things, whereof they were informed concerning thee, are nothing; but that thou thyself also walkest orderly, and keepest the law.	
Acts 21:26	Then Paul took the men, and the next day purifying himself with them entered into the temple, to signify the accomplishment of the days of purification, until that an offering should be offered for every one of them.	
Acts 21:32	Who immediately took soldiers and centurions, and ran down unto them: and when they saw the chief captain and the soldiers, they left beating of Paul.	
Acts 21:33	Then the chief captain came near, and took him, and commanded him to be bound with two chains; and demanded who he was, and what he had done.	
Acts 21:6	And when we had taken our leave one of another, we took ship; and they returned home again.	
Acts 21:7	And when we had finished our course from Tyre, we came to Ptolemais, and saluted the brethren, and abode with them one day.	
Acts 21:8	And the next day we that were of Paul's company departed, and came unto Caesarea: and we entered into the house of Philip the evangelist, which was one of the seven; and abode with him.	
Acts 22:1	Men, brethren, and fathers, hear ye my defence which I make now unto you.	
Acts 22:10	And I said, What shall I do, LORD? And the Lord said unto me, Arise, and go into Damascus; and there it shall be told thee of all things which are appointed for thee to do.	
Acts 22:11	And when I could not see for the glory of that light, being led by the hand of them that were with me, I came into Damascus.	
Acts 22:13	Came unto me, and stood, and said unto me, Brother Saul, receive thy sight. And the same hour I looked up upon him.	
Acts 22:16	And now why tarriest thou? arise, and be baptized, and wash away thy sins, calling on the name of the Lord.	
Acts 22:19	And I said, Lord, they know that I imprisoned and beat in every synagogue them that believed on thee:	
Acts 22:2	(And when they heard that he spake in the Hebrew tongue to them, they kept the more silence: and he saith,)	
Acts 22:21	And he said unto me, Depart: for I will send thee far hence unto the Gentiles.	
Acts 22:23	And as they cried out, and cast off their clothes, and threw dust into the air,	
Acts 22:24	The chief captain commanded him to be brought into the castle, and bade that he should be examined by scourging; that he might know wherefore they cried so against him.	
Acts 22:26	When the centurion heard that, he went and told the chief captain, saying, Take heed what thou doest: for this man is a Roman.	
Acts 22:6	And it came to pass, that, as I made my journey, and was come nigh unto Damascus about noon, suddenly there shone from heaven a great light round about me.	
Acts 22:8	And I answered, Who art thou, Lord? And he said unto me, I am Jesus of Nazareth, whom thou persecutest.	
Acts 23:12	And when it was day, certain of the Jews banded together, and bound themselves under a curse, saying that they would neither eat nor drink till they had killed Paul.	
Acts 23:15	Now therefore ye with the council signify to the chief captain that he bring him down unto you to morrow, as though ye would enquire something more perfectly concerning him: and we, or ever he come near, are ready to kill him.	
Acts 23:19	Then the chief captain took him by the hand, and went with him aside privately, and asked him, What is that thou hast to tell me?	
Acts 23:21	But do not thou yield unto them: for there lie in wait for him of them more than forty men, which have bound themselves with an oath, that they will neither eat nor drink till they have killed him: and now are they ready, looking for a promise from thee.	
Acts 23:22	So the chief captain then let the young man depart, and charged him, See thou tell no man that thou hast shewed these things to me.	
Acts 23:26	Claudius Lysias unto the most excellent governor Felix sendeth greeting.	
Acts 23:3	Then said Paul unto him, God shall smite thee, thou whited wall: for sittest thou to judge me after the law, and commandest me to be smitten contrary to the law?	
Acts 23:30	And when it was told me how that the Jews laid wait for the man, I sent straightway to thee, and gave commandment to his accusers also to say before thee what they had against him. Farewell.	
Acts 23:31	Then the soldiers, as it was commanded them, took Paul, and brought him by night to Antipatris.	
Acts 23:34	And when the governor had read the letter, he asked of what province he was. And when he understood that he was of Cilicia;	
Acts 23:35	I will hear thee, said he, when thine accusers are also come. And he commanded him to be kept in Herod's judgment hall.	
Acts 23:9	And there arose a great cry: and the scribes that were of the Pharisees' part arose, and strove, saying, We find no evil in this man: but if a spirit or an angel hath spoken to him, let us not fight against God.	
Acts 24:16	And herein do I exercise myself, to have always a conscience void to offence toward God, and toward men.	
Acts 24:20	Or else let these same here say, if they have found any evil doing in me, while I stood before the council,	
Acts 24:21	Except it be for this one voice, that I cried standing among them, Touching the resurrection of the dead I am called in question by you this day.	
Acts 24:23	And he commanded a centurion to keep Paul, and to let him have liberty, and that he should forbid none of his acquaintance to minister or come unto him.	
Acts 24:7	But the chief captain Lysias came upon us, and with great violence took him away out of our hands,	
Acts 25:16	To whom I answered, It is not the manner of the Romans to deliver any man to die, before that he which is accused have the accusers face to face, and have licence to answer for himself concerning the crime laid against him.	
Acts 25:8	While he answered for himself, Neither against the law of the Jews, neither against the temple, nor yet against Caesar, have I offended any thing at all.	
Acts 26:1	Then Agrippa said unto Paul, Thou art permitted to speak for thyself. Then Paul stretched forth the hand, and answered for himself:	
Acts 26:10	Which thing I also did in Jerusalem: and many of the saints did I shut up in prison, having received authority from the chief priests; and when they were put to death, I gave my voice against them.	
Acts 26:11	And I punished them oft in every synagogue, and compelled them to blaspheme; and being exceedingly mad against them, I persecuted them even unto strange cities.	
Acts 26:12	Whereupon as I went to Damascus with authority and commission from the chief priests,	
Acts 26:15	And I said, Who art thou, Lord? And he said, I am Jesus whom thou persecutest.	
Acts 26:16	But rise, and stand upon thy feet: for I have appeared unto thee for this purpose, to make thee a minister and a witness both of these things which thou hast seen, and of those things in the which I will appear unto thee;	
Acts 26:24	And as he thus spake for himself, Festus said with a loud voice, Paul, thou art beside thyself; much learning doth make thee mad.	
Acts 26:27	King Agrippa, believest thou the prophets? I know that thou believest.	
Acts 26:28	Then Agrippa said unto Paul, Almost thou persuadest me to be a Christian.	
Acts 26:29	And Paul said, I would to God, that not only thou, but also all that hear me this day, were both almost, and altogether such as I am, except these bonds.	
Acts 26:31	And when they were gone aside, they talked between themselves, saying, This man doeth nothing worthy of death or of bonds.	
Acts 27:14	But not long after there arose against it a tempestuous wind, called Euroclydon.	
Acts 27:18	And we being exceedingly tossed with a tempest, the next day they lightened the ship;	
Acts 27:2	And entering into a ship of Adramyttium, we launched, meaning to sail by the coasts of Asia; one Aristarchus, a Macedonian of Thessalonica, being with us.	
Acts 27:20	And when neither sun nor stars in many days appeared, and no small tempest lay on us, all hope that we should be saved was then taken away.	
Acts 27:35	And when he had thus spoken, he took bread, and gave thanks to God in presence of them all: and when he had broken it, he began to eat.	
Acts 27:37	And we were in all in the ship two hundred threescore and sixteen souls.	
Acts 27:38	And when they had eaten enough, they lightened the ship, and cast out the wheat into the sea.	
Acts 27:41	And falling into a place where two seas met, they ran the ship aground; and the forepart stuck fast, and remained unmoveable, but the hinder part was broken with the violence of the waves.	
Acts 27:5	And when we had sailed over the sea of Cilicia and Pamphylia, we came to Myra, a city of Lycia.	
Acts 27:6	And there the centurion found a ship of Alexandria sailing into Italy; and he put us therein.	
Acts 27:8	And, hardly passing it, came unto a place which is called The fair havens; nigh whereunto was the city of Lasea.	
Acts 27:9	Now when much time was spent, and when sailing was now dangerous, because the fast was now already past, Paul admonished them,	
Acts 28:10	Who also honoured us with many honours; and when we departed, they laded us with such things as were necessary.	
Acts 28:14	Where we found brethren, and were desired to tarry with them seven days: and so we went toward Rome.	
Acts 28:18	Who, when they had examined me, would have let me go, because there was no cause of death in me.	
Acts 28:2	And the barbarous people shewed us no little kindness: for they kindled a fire, and received us every one, because of the present rain, and because of the cold.	
Acts 28:20	For this cause therefore have I called for you, to see you, and to speak with you: because that for the hope of Israel I am bound with this chain.	
Acts 28:31	Preaching the kingdom of God, and teaching those things which concern the Lord Jesus Christ, with all confidence, no man forbidding him.	
Acts 28:5	And he shook off the beast into the fire, and felt no harm.	
Acts 2:1	And when the day of Pentecost was fully come, they were all with one accord in one place.	
Acts 2:13	Others mocking said, These men are full of new wine.	
Acts 2:17	And it shall come to pass in the last days, saith God, I will pour out of my Spirit upon all flesh: and your sons and your daughters shall prophesy, and your young men shall see visions, and your old men shall dream dreams:	
Acts 2:19	And I will shew wonders in heaven above, and signs in the earth beneath; blood, and fire, and vapour of smoke:	
Acts 2:2	And suddenly there came a sound from heaven as of a rushing mighty wind, and it filled all the house where they were sitting.	
Acts 2:21	And it shall come to pass, that whosoever shall call on the name of the Lord shall be saved.	
Acts 2:30	Therefore being a prophet, and knowing that God had sworn with an oath to him, that of the fruit of his loins, according to the flesh, he would raise up Christ to sit on his throne;	
Acts 2:34	For David is not ascended into the heavens: but he saith himself, The Lord said unto my Lord, Sit thou on my right hand,	
Acts 2:39	For the promise is unto you, and to your children, and to all that are afar off, even as many as the LORD our God shall call.	
Acts 2:44	And all that believed were together, and had all things common;	
Acts 2:46	And they, continuing daily with one accord in the temple, and breaking bread from house to house, did eat their meat with gladness and singleness of heart,	
Acts 3:1	Now Peter and John went up together into the temple at the hour of prayer, being the ninth hour.	
Acts 3:22	For Moses truly said unto the fathers, A prophet shall the Lord your God raise up unto you of your brethren, like unto me; him shall ye hear in all things whatsoever he shall say unto you.	
Acts 3:26	Unto you first God, having raised up his Son Jesus, sent him to bless you, in turning away every one of you from his iniquities.	
Acts 3:7	And he took him by the right hand, and lifted him up: and immediately his feet and ankle bones received strength.	
Acts 3:8	And he leaping up stood, and walked, and entered with them into the temple, walking, and leaping, and praising God.	
Acts 3:9	And all the people saw him walking and praising God:	
Acts 4:11	This is the stone which was set at nought of you builders, which is become the head of the corner.	
Acts 4:13	Now when they saw the boldness of Peter and John, and perceived that they were unlearned and ignorant men, they marvelled; and they took knowledge of them, that they had been with Jesus.	
Acts 4:23	And being let go, they went to their own company, and reported all that the chief priests and elders had said unto them.	
Acts 4:27	For of a truth against thy holy child Jesus, whom thou hast anointed, both Herod, and Pontius Pilate, with the Gentiles, and the people of Israel, were gathered together,	
Acts 4:28	For to do whatsoever thy hand and thy counsel determined before to be done.	
Acts 4:3	And they laid hands on them, and put them in hold unto the next day: for it was now eventide.	
Acts 4:4	Howbeit many of them which heard the word believed; and the number of the men was about five thousand.	
Acts 5:10	Then fell she down straightway at his feet, and yielded up the ghost: and the young men came in, and found her dead, and, carrying her forth, buried her by her husband.	
Acts 5:11	And great fear came upon all the church, and upon as many as heard these things.	
Acts 5:14	And believers were the more added to the Lord, multitudes both of men and women.)	
Acts 5:18	And laid their hands on the apostles, and put them in the common prison.	
Acts 5:2	And kept back part of the price, his wife also being privy to it, and brought a certain part, and laid it at the apostles' feet.	
Acts 5:20	Go, stand and speak in the temple to the people all the words of this life.	
Acts 5:25	Then came one and told them, saying, Behold, the men whom ye put in prison are standing in the temple, and teaching the people.	
Acts 5:33	When they heard that, they were cut to the heart, and took counsel to slay them.	
Acts 5:42	And daily in the temple, and in every house, they ceased not to teach and preach Jesus Christ.	
Acts 5:6	And the young men arose, wound him up, and carried him out, and buried him.	
Acts 6:2	Then the twelve called the multitude of the disciples unto them, and said, It is not reason that we should leave the word of God, and serve tables.	
Acts 6:3	Wherefore, brethren, look ye out among you seven men of honest report, full of the Holy Ghost and wisdom, whom we may appoint over this business.	
Acts 6:4	But we will give ourselves continually to prayer, and to the ministry of the word.	
Acts 6:6	Whom they set before the apostles: and when they had prayed, they laid their hands on them.	
Acts 7:12	But when Jacob heard that there was corn in Egypt, he sent out our fathers first.	
Acts 7:13	And at the second time Joseph was made known to his brethren; and Joseph's kindred was made known unto Pharaoh.	
Acts 7:16	And were carried over into Sychem, and laid in the sepulchre that Abraham bought for a sum of money of the sons of Emmor the father of Sychem.	
Acts 7:2	And he said, Men, brethren, and fathers, hearken; The God of glory appeared unto our father Abraham, when he was in Mesopotamia, before he dwelt in Charran,	
Acts 7:20	In which time Moses was born, and was exceeding fair, and nourished up in his father's house three months:	
Acts 7:22	And Moses was learned in all the wisdom of the Egyptians, and was mighty in words and in deeds.	
Acts 7:29	Then fled Moses at this saying, and was a stranger in the land of Madian, where he begat two sons.	
Acts 7:31	When Moses saw it, he wondered at the sight: and as he drew near to behold it, the voice of the LORD came unto him,	
Acts 7:34	I have seen, I have seen the affliction of my people which is in Egypt, and I have heard their groaning, and am come down to deliver them. And now come, I will send thee into Egypt.	
Acts 7:4	Then came he out of the land of the Chaldaeans, and dwelt in Charran: and from thence, when his father was dead, he removed him into this land, wherein ye now dwell.	
Acts 7:45	Which also our fathers that came after brought in with Jesus into the possession of the Gentiles, whom God drave out before the face of our fathers, unto the days of David;	
Acts 7:46	Who found favour before God, and desired to find a tabernacle for the God of Jacob.	
Acts 7:48	Howbeit the most High dwelleth not in temples made with hands; as saith the prophet,	
Acts 7:9	And the patriarchs, moved with envy, sold Joseph into Egypt: but God was with him,	
Acts 8:16	(For as yet he was fallen upon none of them: only they were baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus.)	
Acts 8:17	Then laid they their hands on them, and they received the Holy Ghost.	
Acts 8:2	And devout men carried Stephen to his burial, and made great lamentation over him.	
Acts 8:22	Repent therefore of this thy wickedness, and pray God, if perhaps the thought of thine heart may be forgiven thee.	
Acts 8:26	And the angel of the Lord spake unto Philip, saying, Arise, and go toward the south unto the way that goeth down from Jerusalem unto Gaza, which is desert.	
Acts 8:27	And he arose and went: and, behold, a man of Ethiopia, an eunuch of great authority under Candace queen of the Ethiopians, who had the charge of all her treasure, and had come to Jerusalem for to worship,	
Acts 8:29	Then the Spirit said unto Philip, Go near, and join thyself to this chariot.	
Acts 8:3	As for Saul, he made havock of the church, entering into every house, and haling men and women committed them to prison.	
Acts 8:38	And he commanded the chariot to stand still: and they went down both into the water, both Philip and the eunuch; and he baptized him.	
Acts 8:39	And when they were come up out of the water, the Spirit of the Lord caught away Philip, that the eunuch saw him no more: and he went on his way rejoicing.	
Acts 8:4	Therefore they that were scattered abroad went every where preaching the word.	
Acts 8:5	Then Philip went down to the city of Samaria, and preached Christ unto them.	
Acts 8:8	And there was great joy in that city.	
Acts 9:10	And there was a certain disciple at Damascus, named Ananias; and to him said the Lord in a vision, Ananias. And he said, Behold, I am here, Lord.	
Acts 9:17	And Ananias went his way, and entered into the house; and putting his hands on him said, Brother Saul, the Lord, even Jesus, that appeared unto thee in the way as thou camest, hath sent me, that thou mightest receive thy sight, and be filled with the Holy Ghost.	
Acts 9:18	And immediately there fell from his eyes as it had been scales: and he received sight forthwith, and arose, and was baptized.	
Acts 9:19	And when he had received meat, he was strengthened. Then was Saul certain days with the disciples which were at Damascus.	
Acts 9:20	And straightway he preached Christ in the synagogues, that he is the Son of God.	
Acts 9:25	Then the disciples took him by night, and let him down by the wall in a basket.	
Acts 9:27	But Barnabas took him, and brought him to the apostles, and declared unto them how he had seen the Lord in the way, and that he had spoken to him, and how he had preached boldly at Damascus in the name of Jesus.	
Acts 9:3	And as he journeyed, he came near Damascus: and suddenly there shined round about him a light from heaven:	
Acts 9:31	Then had the churches rest throughout all Judaea and Galilee and Samaria, and were edified; and walking in the fear of the Lord, and in the comfort of the Holy Ghost, were multiplied.	
Acts 9:34	And Peter said unto him, Aeneas, Jesus Christ maketh thee whole: arise, and make thy bed. And he arose immediately.	
Acts 9:37	And it came to pass in those days, that she was sick, and died: whom when they had washed, they laid her in an upper chamber.	
Acts 9:38	And forasmuch as Lydda was nigh to Joppa, and the disciples had heard that Peter was there, they sent unto him two men, desiring him that he would not delay to come to them.	
Acts 9:7	And the men which journeyed with him stood speechless, hearing a voice, but seeing no man.	
Amos 1:1	The words of Amos, who was among the herdmen of Tekoa, which he saw concerning Israel in the days of Uzziah king of Judah, and in the days of Jeroboam the son of Joash king of Israel, two years before the earthquake.	
Amos 1:12	But I will send a fire upon Teman, which shall devour the palaces of Bozrah.	
Amos 1:13	Thus saith the LORD; For three transgressions of the children of Ammon, and for four, I will not turn away the punishment thereof; because they have ripped up the women with child of Gilead, that they might enlarge their border:	
Amos 1:15	And their king shall go into captivity, he and his princes together, saith the LORD.	
Amos 1:4	But I will send a fire into the house of Hazael, which shall devour the palaces of Benhadad.	
Amos 2:1	Thus saith the LORD; For three transgressions of Moab, and for four, I will not turn away the punishment thereof; because he burned the bones of the king of Edom into lime:	
Amos 2:14	Therefore the flight shall perish from the swift, and the strong shall not strengthen his force, neither shall the mighty deliver himself:	
Amos 2:3	And I will cut off the judge from the midst thereof, and will slay all the princes thereof with him, saith the LORD.	
Amos 2:7	That pant after the dust of the earth on the head of the poor, and turn aside the way of the meek: and a man and his father will go in unto the same maid, to profane my holy name:	
Amos 3:1	Hear this word that the LORD hath spoken against you, O children of Israel, against the whole family which I brought up from the land of Egypt, saying,	
Amos 3:10	For they know not to do right, saith the LORD, who store up violence and robbery in their palaces.	
Amos 3:2	You only have I known of all the families of the earth: therefore I will punish you for all your iniquities.	
Amos 4:11	I have overthrown some of you, as God overthrew Sodom and Gomorrah, and ye were as a firebrand plucked out of the burning: yet have ye not returned unto me, saith the LORD.	
Amos 4:9	I have smitten you with blasting and mildew: when your gardens and your vineyards and your fig trees and your olive trees increased, the palmerworm devoured them: yet have ye not returned unto me, saith the LORD.	
Amos 5:14	Seek good, and not evil, that ye may live: and so the LORD, the God of hosts, shall be with you, as ye have spoken.	
Amos 5:18	Woe unto you that desire the day of the LORD! to what end is it for you? the day of the LORD is darkness, and not light.	
Amos 5:20	Shall not the day of the LORD be darkness, and not light? even very dark, and no brightness in it?	
Amos 5:24	But let judgment run down as waters, and righteousness as a mighty stream.	
Amos 5:5	But seek not Bethel, nor enter into Gilgal, and pass not to Beersheba: for Gilgal shall surely go into captivity, and Bethel shall come to nought.	
Amos 5:8	Seek him that maketh the seven stars and Orion, and turneth the shadow of death into the morning, and maketh the day dark with night: that calleth for the waters of the sea, and poureth them out upon the face of the earth: The LORD is his name:	
Amos 6:3	Ye that put far away the evil day, and cause the seat of violence to come near;	
Amos 6:4	That lie upon beds of ivory, and stretch themselves upon their couches, and eat the lambs out of the flock, and the calves out of the midst of the stall;	
Amos 6:8	The Lord GOD hath sworn by himself, saith the LORD the God of hosts, I abhor the excellency of Jacob, and hate his palaces: therefore will I deliver up the city with all that is therein.	
Amos 6:9	And it shall come to pass, if there remain ten men in one house, that they shall die.	
Amos 7:1	Thus hath the Lord GOD shewed unto me; and, behold, he formed grasshoppers in the beginning of the shooting up of the latter growth; and, lo, it was the latter growth after the king's mowings.	
Amos 7:10	Then Amaziah the priest of Bethel sent to Jeroboam king of Israel, saying, Amos hath conspired against thee in the midst of the house of Israel: the land is not able to bear all his words.	
Amos 7:16	Now therefore hear thou the word of the LORD: Thou sayest, Prophesy not against Israel, and drop not thy word against the house of Isaac.	
Amos 8:12	And they shall wander from sea to sea, and from the north even to the east, they shall run to and fro to seek the word of the LORD, and shall not find it.	
Amos 8:14	They that swear by the sin of Samaria, and say, Thy god, O Dan, liveth; and, The manner of Beersheba liveth; even they shall fall, and never rise up again.	
Amos 8:6	That we may buy the poor for silver, and the needy for a pair of shoes; yea, and sell the refuse of the wheat?	
Amos 8:8	Shall not the land tremble for this, and every one mourn that dwelleth therein? and it shall rise up wholly as a flood; and it shall be cast out and drowned, as by the flood of Egypt.	
Amos 8:9	And it shall come to pass in that day, saith the Lord GOD, that I will cause the sun to go down at noon, and I will darken the earth in the clear day:	
Amos 9:1	I saw the LORD standing upon the altar: and he said, Smite the lintel of the door, that the posts may shake: and cut them in the head, all of them; and I will slay the last of them with the sword: he that fleeth of them shall not flee away, and he that escapeth of them shall not be delivered.	
Amos 9:10	All the sinners of my people shall die by the sword, which say, The evil shall not overtake nor prevent us.	
Amos 9:2	Though they dig into hell, thence shall mine hand take them; though they climb up to heaven, thence will I bring them down:	
Amos 9:3	And though they hide themselves in the top of Carmel, I will search and take them out thence; and though they be hid from my sight in the bottom of the sea, thence will I command the serpent, and he shall bite them:	
Amos 9:9	For, lo, I will command, and I will sift the house of Israel among all nations, like as corn is sifted in a sieve, yet shall not the least grain fall upon the earth.	
Colossians 1:10	That ye might walk worthy of the Lord unto all pleasing, being fruitful in every good work, and increasing in the knowledge of God;	
Colossians 1:11	Strengthened with all might, according to his glorious power, unto all patience and longsuffering with joyfulness;	
Colossians 1:16	For by him were all things created, that are in heaven, and that are in earth, visible and invisible, whether they be thrones, or dominions, or principalities, or powers: all things were created by him, and for him:	
Colossians 1:18	And he is the head of the body, the church: who is the beginning, the firstborn from the dead; that in all things he might have the preeminence.	
Colossians 1:19	For it pleased the Father that in him should all fulness dwell;	
Colossians 1:25	Whereof I am made a minister, according to the dispensation of God which is given to me for you, to fulfil the word of God;	
Colossians 1:29	Whereunto I also labour, striving according to his working, which worketh in me mightily.	
Colossians 1:3	We give thanks to God and the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, praying always for you,	
Colossians 1:6	Which is come unto you, as it is in all the world; and bringeth forth fruit, as it doth also in you, since the day ye heard of it, and knew the grace of God in truth:	
Colossians 2:11	In whom also ye are circumcised with the circumcision made without hands, in putting off the body of the sins of the flesh by the circumcision of Christ:	
Colossians 2:12	Buried with him in baptism, wherein also ye are risen with him through the faith of the operation of God, who hath raised him from the dead.	
Colossians 2:2	That their hearts might be comforted, being knit together in love, and unto all riches of the full assurance of understanding, to the acknowledgement of the mystery of God, and of the Father, and of Christ;	
Colossians 2:20	Wherefore if ye be dead with Christ from the rudiments of the world, why, as though living in the world, are ye subject to ordinances,	
Colossians 2:3	In whom are hid all the treasures of wisdom and knowledge.	
Colossians 2:9	For in him dwelleth all the fulness of the Godhead bodily.	
Colossians 3:11	Where there is neither Greek nor Jew, circumcision nor uncircumcision, Barbarian, Scythian, bond nor free: but Christ is all, and in all.	
Colossians 3:13	Forbearing one another, and forgiving one another, if any man have a quarrel against any: even as Christ forgave you, so also do ye.	
Colossians 3:14	And above all these things put on charity, which is the bond of perfectness.	
Colossians 3:18	Wives, submit yourselves unto your own husbands, as it is fit in the Lord.	
Colossians 3:2	Set your affection on things above, not on things on the earth.	
Colossians 3:5	Mortify therefore your members which are upon the earth; fornication, uncleanness, inordinate affection, evil concupiscence, and covetousness, which is idolatry:	
Colossians 3:6	For which things' sake the wrath of God cometh on the children of disobedience:	
Colossians 3:9	Lie not one to another, seeing that ye have put off the old man with his deeds;	
Colossians 4:11	And Jesus, which is called Justus, who are of the circumcision. These only are my fellowworkers unto the kingdom of God, which have been a comfort unto me.	
Colossians 4:12	Epaphras, who is one of you, a servant of Christ, saluteth you, always labouring fervently for you in prayers, that ye may stand perfect and complete in all the will of God.	
Colossians 4:13	For I bear him record, that he hath a great zeal for you, and them that are in Laodicea, and them in Hierapolis.	
Colossians 4:14	Luke, the beloved physician, and Demas, greet you.	
Colossians 4:16	And when this epistle is read among you, cause that it be read also in the church of the Laodiceans; and that ye likewise read the epistle from Laodicea.	
Colossians 4:2	Continue in prayer, and watch in the same with thanksgiving;	
Colossians 4:6	Let your speech be alway with grace, seasoned with salt, that ye may know how ye ought to answer every man.	
Daniel 10:1	In the third year of Cyrus king of Persia a thing was revealed unto Daniel, whose name was called Belteshazzar; and the thing was true, but the time appointed was long: and he understood the thing, and had understanding of the vision.	
Daniel 10:10	And, behold, an hand touched me, which set me upon my knees and upon the palms of my hands.	
Daniel 10:17	For how can the servant of this my lord talk with this my lord? for as for me, straightway there remained no strength in me, neither is there breath left in me.	
Daniel 10:2	In those days I Daniel was mourning three full weeks.	
Daniel 10:6	His body also was like the beryl, and his face as the appearance of lightning, and his eyes as lamps of fire, and his arms and his feet like in colour to polished brass, and the voice of his words like the voice of a multitude.	
Daniel 11:1	Also I in the first year of Darius the Mede, even I, stood to confirm and to strengthen him.	
Daniel 11:14	And in those times there shall many stand up against the king of the south: also the robbers of thy people shall exalt themselves to establish the vision; but they shall fall.	
Daniel 11:16	But he that cometh against him shall do according to his own will, and none shall stand before him: and he shall stand in the glorious land, which by his hand shall be consumed.	
Daniel 11:18	After this shall he turn his face unto the isles, and shall take many: but a prince for his own behalf shall cause the reproach offered by him to cease; without his own reproach he shall cause it to turn upon him.	
Daniel 11:19	Then he shall turn his face toward the fort of his own land: but he shall stumble and fall, and not be found.	
Daniel 11:23	And after the league made with him he shall work deceitfully: for he shall come up, and shall become strong with a small people.	
Daniel 11:24	He shall enter peaceably even upon the fattest places of the province; and he shall do that which his fathers have not done, nor his fathers' fathers; he shall scatter among them the prey, and spoil, and riches: yea, and he shall forecast his devices against the strong holds, even for a time.	
Daniel 11:28	Then shall he return into his land with great riches; and his heart shall be against the holy covenant; and he shall do exploits, and return to his own land.	
Daniel 11:29	At the time appointed he shall return, and come toward the south; but it shall not be as the former, or as the latter.	
Daniel 11:31	And arms shall stand on his part, and they shall pollute the sanctuary of strength, and shall take away the daily sacrifice, and they shall place the abomination that maketh desolate.	
Daniel 11:39	Thus shall he do in the most strong holds with a strange god, whom he shall acknowledge and increase with glory: and he shall cause them to rule over many, and shall divide the land for gain.	
Daniel 12:4	But thou, O Daniel, shut up the words, and seal the book, even to the time of the end: many shall run to and fro, and knowledge shall be increased.	
Daniel 12:7	And I heard the man clothed in linen, which was upon the waters of the river, when he held up his right hand and his left hand unto heaven, and sware by him that liveth for ever that it shall be for a time, times, and an half; and when he shall have accomplished to scatter the power of the holy people, all these things shall be finished.	
Daniel 1:14	So he consented to them in this matter, and proved them ten days.	
Daniel 1:19	And the king communed with them; and among them all was found none like Daniel, Hananiah, Mishael, and Azariah: therefore stood they before the king.	
Daniel 1:2	And the Lord gave Jehoiakim king of Judah into his hand, with part of the vessels of the house of God: which he carried into the land of Shinar to the house of his god; and he brought the vessels into the treasure house of his god.	
Daniel 1:3	And the king spake unto Ashpenaz the master of his eunuchs, that he should bring certain of the children of Israel, and of the king's seed, and of the princes;	
Daniel 1:4	Children in whom was no blemish, but well favoured, and skilful in all wisdom, and cunning in knowledge, and understanding science, and such as had ability in them to stand in the king's palace, and whom they might teach the learning and the tongue of the Chaldeans.	
Daniel 1:9	Now God had brought Daniel into favour and tender love with the prince of the eunuchs.	
Daniel 2:1	And in the second year of the reign of Nebuchadnezzar Nebuchadnezzar dreamed dreams, wherewith his spirit was troubled, and his sleep brake from him.	
Daniel 2:10	The Chaldeans answered before the king, and said, There is not a man upon the earth that can shew the king's matter: therefore there is no king, lord, nor ruler, that asked such things at any magician, or astrologer, or Chaldean.	
Daniel 2:14	Then Daniel answered with counsel and wisdom to Arioch the captain of the king's guard, which was gone forth to slay the wise men of Babylon:	
Daniel 2:15	He answered and said to Arioch the king's captain, Why is the decree so hasty from the king? Then Arioch made the thing known to Daniel.	
Daniel 2:20	Daniel answered and said, Blessed be the name of God for ever and ever: for wisdom and might are his:	
Daniel 2:21	And he changeth the times and the seasons: he removeth kings, and setteth up kings: he giveth wisdom unto the wise, and knowledge to them that know understanding:	
Daniel 2:26	The king answered and said to Daniel, whose name was Belteshazzar, Art thou able to make known unto me the dream which I have seen, and the interpretation thereof?	
Daniel 2:27	Daniel answered in the presence of the king, and said, The secret which the king hath demanded cannot the wise men, the astrologers, the magicians, the soothsayers, shew unto the king;	
Daniel 2:28	But there is a God in heaven that revealeth secrets, and maketh known to the king Nebuchadnezzar what shall be in the latter days. Thy dream, and the visions of thy head upon thy bed, are these;	
Daniel 2:3	And the king said unto them, I have dreamed a dream, and my spirit was troubled to know the dream.	
Daniel 2:30	But as for me, this secret is not revealed to me for any wisdom that I have more than any living, but for their sakes that shall make known the interpretation to the king, and that thou mightest know the thoughts of thy heart.	
Daniel 2:41	And whereas thou sawest the feet and toes, part of potters' clay, and part of iron, the kingdom shall be divided; but there shall be in it of the strength of the iron, forasmuch as thou sawest the iron mixed with miry clay.	
Daniel 2:45	Forasmuch as thou sawest that the stone was cut out of the mountain without hands, and that it brake in pieces the iron, the brass, the clay, the silver, and the gold; the great God hath made known to the king what shall come to pass hereafter: and the dream is certain, and the interpretation thereof sure.	
Daniel 3:15	Now if ye be ready that at what time ye hear the sound of the cornet, flute, harp, sackbut, psaltery, and dulcimer, and all kinds of musick, ye fall down and worship the image which I have made; well: but if ye worship not, ye shall be cast the same hour into the midst of a burning fiery furnace; and who is that God that shall deliver you out of my hands?	
Daniel 3:17	If it be so, our God whom we serve is able to deliver us from the burning fiery furnace, and he will deliver us out of thine hand, O king.	
Daniel 3:22	Therefore because the king's commandment was urgent, and the furnace exceeding hot, the flames of the fire slew those men that took up Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego.	
Daniel 3:25	He answered and said, Lo, I see four men loose, walking in the midst of the fire, and they have no hurt; and the form of the fourth is like the Son of God.	
Daniel 3:26	Then Nebuchadnezzar came near to the mouth of the burning fiery furnace, and spake, and said, Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, ye servants of the most high God, come forth, and come hither. Then Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, came forth of the midst of the fire.	
Daniel 3:6	And whoso falleth not down and worshippeth shall the same hour be cast into the midst of a burning fiery furnace.	
Daniel 4:10	Thus were the visions of mine head in my bed; I saw, and behold a tree in the midst of the earth, and the height thereof was great.	
Daniel 4:11	The tree grew, and was strong, and the height thereof reached unto heaven, and the sight thereof to the end of all the earth:	
Daniel 4:16	Let his heart be changed from man's, and let a beast's heart be given unto him; and let seven times pass over him.	
Daniel 4:2	I thought it good to shew the signs and wonders that the high God hath wrought toward me.	
Daniel 4:22	It is thou, O king, that art grown and become strong: for thy greatness is grown, and reacheth unto heaven, and thy dominion to the end of the earth.	
Daniel 4:23	And whereas the king saw a watcher and an holy one coming down from heaven, and saying, Hew the tree down, and destroy it; yet leave the stump of the roots thereof in the earth, even with a band of iron and brass, in the tender grass of the field; and let it be wet with the dew of heaven, and let his portion be with the beasts of the field, till seven times pass over him;	
Daniel 4:25	That they shall drive thee from men, and thy dwelling shall be with the beasts of the field, and they shall make thee to eat grass as oxen, and they shall wet thee with the dew of heaven, and seven times shall pass over thee, till thou know that the most High ruleth in the kingdom of men, and giveth it to whomsoever he will.	
Daniel 4:27	Wherefore, O king, let my counsel be acceptable unto thee, and break off thy sins by righteousness, and thine iniquities by shewing mercy to the poor; if it may be a lengthening of thy tranquillity.	
Daniel 4:36	At the same time my reason returned unto me; and for the glory of my kingdom, mine honour and brightness returned unto me; and my counsellors and my lords sought unto me; and I was established in my kingdom, and excellent majesty was added unto me.	
Daniel 5:10	Now the queen by reason of the words of the king and his lords came into the banquet house: and the queen spake and said, O king, live for ever: let not thy thoughts trouble thee, nor let thy countenance be changed:	
Daniel 5:12	Forasmuch as an excellent spirit, and knowledge, and understanding, interpreting of dreams, and shewing of hard sentences, and dissolving of doubts, were found in the same Daniel, whom the king named Belteshazzar: now let Daniel be called, and he will shew the interpretation.	
Daniel 5:13	Then was Daniel brought in before the king. And the king spake and said unto Daniel, Art thou that Daniel, which art of the children of the captivity of Judah, whom the king my father brought out of Jewry?	
Daniel 5:19	And for the majesty that he gave him, all people, nations, and languages, trembled and feared before him: whom he would he slew; and whom he would he kept alive; and whom he would he set up; and whom he would he put down.	
Daniel 5:20	But when his heart was lifted up, and his mind hardened in pride, he was deposed from his kingly throne, and they took his glory from him:	
Daniel 5:25	And this is the writing that was written, MENE, MENE, TEKEL, UPHARSIN.	
Daniel 5:29	Then commanded Belshazzar, and they clothed Daniel with scarlet, and put a chain of gold about his neck, and made a proclamation concerning him, that he should be the third ruler in the kingdom.	
Daniel 6:11	Then these men assembled, and found Daniel praying and making supplication before his God.	
Daniel 6:12	Then they came near, and spake before the king concerning the king's decree; Hast thou not signed a decree, that every man that shall ask a petition of any God or man within thirty days, save of thee, O king, shall be cast into the den of lions? The king answered and said, The thing is true, according to the law of the Medes and Persians, which altereth not.	
Daniel 6:16	Then the king commanded, and they brought Daniel, and cast him into the den of lions. Now the king spake and said unto Daniel, Thy God whom thou servest continually, he will deliver thee.	
Daniel 6:18	Then the king went to his palace, and passed the night fasting: neither were instruments of musick brought before him: and his sleep went from him.	
Daniel 6:2	And over these three presidents; of whom Daniel was first: that the princes might give accounts unto them, and the king should have no damage.	
Daniel 6:26	I make a decree, That in every dominion of my kingdom men tremble and fear before the God of Daniel: for he is the living God, and stedfast for ever, and his kingdom that which shall not be destroyed, and his dominion shall be even unto the end.	
Daniel 6:27	He delivereth and rescueth, and he worketh signs and wonders in heaven and in earth, who hath delivered Daniel from the power of the lions.	
Daniel 6:9	Wherefore king Darius signed the writing and the decree.	
Daniel 7:2	Daniel spake and said, I saw in my vision by night, and, behold, the four winds of the heaven strove upon the great sea.	
Daniel 7:24	And the ten horns out of this kingdom are ten kings that shall arise: and another shall rise after them; and he shall be diverse from the first, and he shall subdue three kings.	
Daniel 7:3	And four great beasts came up from the sea, diverse one from another.	
Daniel 8:15	And it came to pass, when I, even I Daniel, had seen the vision, and sought for the meaning, then, behold, there stood before me as the appearance of a man.	
Daniel 8:16	And I heard a man's voice between the banks of Ulai, which called, and said, Gabriel, make this man to understand the vision.	
Daniel 8:17	So he came near where I stood: and when he came, I was afraid, and fell upon my face: but he said unto me, Understand, O son of man: for at the time of the end shall be the vision.	
Daniel 8:2	And I saw in a vision; and it came to pass, when I saw, that I was at Shushan in the palace, which is in the province of Elam; and I saw in a vision, and I was by the river of Ulai.	
Daniel 8:21	And the rough goat is the king of Grecia: and the great horn that is between his eyes is the first king.	
Daniel 8:22	Now that being broken, whereas four stood up for it, four kingdoms shall stand up out of the nation, but not in his power.	
Daniel 8:4	I saw the ram pushing westward, and northward, and southward; so that no beasts might stand before him, neither was there any that could deliver out of his hand; but he did according to his will, and became great.	
Daniel 8:7	And I saw him come close unto the ram, and he was moved with choler against him, and smote the ram, and brake his two horns: and there was no power in the ram to stand before him, but he cast him down to the ground, and stamped upon him: and there was none that could deliver the ram out of his hand.	
Daniel 9:1	In the first year of Darius the son of Ahasuerus, of the seed of the Medes, which was made king over the realm of the Chaldeans;	
Daniel 9:14	Therefore hath the LORD watched upon the evil, and brought it upon us: for the LORD our God is righteous in all his works which he doeth: for we obeyed not his voice.	
Daniel 9:15	And now, O Lord our God, that hast brought thy people forth out of the land of Egypt with a mighty hand, and hast gotten thee renown, as at this day; we have sinned, we have done wickedly.	
Daniel 9:17	Now therefore, O our God, hear the prayer of thy servant, and his supplications, and cause thy face to shine upon thy sanctuary that is desolate, for the Lord's sake.	
Daniel 9:24	Seventy weeks are determined upon thy people and upon thy holy city, to finish the transgression, and to make an end of sins, and to make reconciliation for iniquity, and to bring in everlasting righteousness, and to seal up the vision and prophecy, and to anoint the most Holy.	
Daniel 9:27	And he shall confirm the covenant with many for one week: and in the midst of the week he shall cause the sacrifice and the oblation to cease, and for the overspreading of abominations he shall make it desolate, even until the consummation, and that determined shall be poured upon the desolate.	
Daniel 9:9	To the Lord our God belong mercies and forgivenesses, though we have rebelled against him;	
Deuteronomy 10:12	And now, Israel, what doth the LORD thy God require of thee, but to fear the LORD thy God, to walk in all his ways, and to love him, and to serve the LORD thy God with all thy heart and with all thy soul,	
Deuteronomy 10:13	To keep the commandments of the LORD, and his statutes, which I command thee this day for thy good?	
Deuteronomy 10:14	Behold, the heaven and the heaven of heavens is the LORD's thy God, the earth also, with all that therein is.	
Deuteronomy 10:15	Only the LORD had a delight in thy fathers to love them, and he chose their seed after them, even you above all people, as it is this day.	
Deuteronomy 10:5	And I turned myself and came down from the mount, and put the tables in the ark which I had made; and there they be, as the LORD commanded me.	
Deuteronomy 10:7	From thence they journeyed unto Gudgodah; and from Gudgodah to Jotbath, a land of rivers of waters.	
Deuteronomy 11:18	Therefore shall ye lay up these my words in your heart and in your soul, and bind them for a sign upon your hand, that they may be as frontlets between your eyes.	
Deuteronomy 11:19	And ye shall teach them your children, speaking of them when thou sittest in thine house, and when thou walkest by the way, when thou liest down, and when thou risest up.	
Deuteronomy 11:21	That your days may be multiplied, and the days of your children, in the land which the LORD sware unto your fathers to give them, as the days of heaven upon the earth.	
Deuteronomy 11:27	A blessing, if ye obey the commandments of the LORD your God, which I command you this day:	
Deuteronomy 11:28	And a curse, if ye will not obey the commandments of the LORD your God, but turn aside out of the way which I command you this day, to go after other gods, which ye have not known.	
Deuteronomy 11:6	And what he did unto Dathan and Abiram, the sons of Eliab, the son of Reuben: how the earth opened her mouth, and swallowed them up, and their households, and their tents, and all the substance that was in their possession, in the midst of all Israel:	
Deuteronomy 11:7	But your eyes have seen all the great acts of the LORD which he did.	
Deuteronomy 11:8	Therefore shall ye keep all the commandments which I command you this day, that ye may be strong, and go in and possess the land, whither ye go to possess it;	
Deuteronomy 12:11	Then there shall be a place which the LORD your God shall choose to cause his name to dwell there; thither shall ye bring all that I command you; your burnt offerings, and your sacrifices, your tithes, and the heave offering of your hand, and all your choice vows which ye vow unto the LORD:	
Deuteronomy 12:15	Notwithstanding thou mayest kill and eat flesh in all thy gates, whatsoever thy soul lusteth after, according to the blessing of the LORD thy God which he hath given thee: the unclean and the clean may eat thereof, as of the roebuck, and as of the hart.	
Deuteronomy 12:16	Only ye shall not eat the blood; ye shall pour it upon the earth as water.	
Deuteronomy 12:2	Ye shall utterly destroy all the places, wherein the nations which ye shall possess served their gods, upon the high mountains, and upon the hills, and under every green tree:	
Deuteronomy 12:20	When the LORD thy God shall enlarge thy border, as he hath promised thee, and thou shalt say, I will eat flesh, because thy soul longeth to eat flesh; thou mayest eat flesh, whatsoever thy soul lusteth after.	
Deuteronomy 12:22	Even as the roebuck and the hart is eaten, so thou shalt eat them: the unclean and the clean shall eat of them alike.	
Deuteronomy 12:23	Only be sure that thou eat not the blood: for the blood is the life; and thou mayest not eat the life with the flesh.	
Deuteronomy 12:25	Thou shalt not eat it; that it may go well with thee, and with thy children after thee, when thou shalt do that which is right in the sight of the LORD.	
Deuteronomy 12:6	And thither ye shall bring your burnt offerings, and your sacrifices, and your tithes, and heave offerings of your hand, and your vows, and your freewill offerings, and the firstlings of your herds and of your flocks:	
Deuteronomy 13:1	If there arise among you a prophet, or a dreamer of dreams, and giveth thee a sign or a wonder,	
Deuteronomy 13:13	Certain men, the children of Belial, are gone out from among you, and have withdrawn the inhabitants of their city, saying, Let us go and serve other gods, which ye have not known;	
Deuteronomy 13:14	Then shalt thou inquire, and make search, and ask diligently; and, behold, if it be truth, and the thing certain, that such abomination is wrought among you;	
Deuteronomy 13:5	And that prophet, or that dreamer of dreams, shall be put to death; because he hath spoken to turn you away from the LORD your God, which brought you out of the land of Egypt, and redeemed you out of the house of bondage, to thrust thee out of the way which the LORD thy God commanded thee to walk in. So shalt thou put the evil away from the midst of thee.	
Deuteronomy 13:7	Namely, of the gods of the people which are round about you, nigh unto thee, or far off from thee, from the one end of the earth even unto the other end of the earth;	
Deuteronomy 13:9	But thou shalt surely kill him; thine hand shall be first upon him to put him to death, and afterwards the hand of all the people.	
Deuteronomy 14:11	Of all clean birds ye shall eat.	
Deuteronomy 14:13	And the glede, and the kite, and the vulture after his kind,	
Deuteronomy 14:2	For thou art an holy people unto the LORD thy God, and the LORD hath chosen thee to be a peculiar people unto himself, above all the nations that are upon the earth.	
Deuteronomy 14:23	And thou shalt eat before the LORD thy God, in the place which he shall choose to place his name there, the tithe of thy corn, of thy wine, and of thine oil, and the firstlings of thy herds and of thy flocks; that thou mayest learn to fear the LORD thy God always.	
Deuteronomy 14:28	At the end of three years thou shalt bring forth all the tithe of thine increase the same year, and shalt lay it up within thy gates:	
Deuteronomy 14:9	These ye shall eat of all that are in the waters: all that have fins and scales shall ye eat:	
Deuteronomy 15:13	And when thou sendest him out free from thee, thou shalt not let him go away empty:	
Deuteronomy 15:16	And it shall be, if he say unto thee, I will not go away from thee; because he loveth thee and thine house, because he is well with thee;	
Deuteronomy 15:17	Then thou shalt take an awl, and thrust it through his ear unto the door, and he shall be thy servant for ever. And also unto thy maidservant thou shalt do likewise.	
Deuteronomy 15:19	All the firstling males that come of thy herd and of thy flock thou shalt sanctify unto the LORD thy God: thou shalt do no work with the firstling of thy bullock, nor shear the firstling of thy sheep.	
Deuteronomy 15:3	Of a foreigner thou mayest exact it again: but that which is thine with thy brother thine hand shall release;	
Deuteronomy 15:5	Only if thou carefully hearken unto the voice of the LORD thy God, to observe to do all these commandments which I command thee this day.	
Deuteronomy 15:9	Beware that there be not a thought in thy wicked heart, saying, The seventh year, the year of release, is at hand; and thine eye be evil against thy poor brother, and thou givest him nought; and he cry unto the LORD against thee, and it be sin unto thee.	
Deuteronomy 16:11	And thou shalt rejoice before the LORD thy God, thou, and thy son, and thy daughter, and thy manservant, and thy maidservant, and the Levite that is within thy gates, and the stranger, and the fatherless, and the widow, that are among you, in the place which the LORD thy God hath chosen to place his name there.	
Deuteronomy 16:13	Thou shalt observe the feast of tabernacles seven days, after that thou hast gathered in thy corn and thy wine:	
Deuteronomy 16:14	And thou shalt rejoice in thy feast, thou, and thy son, and thy daughter, and thy manservant, and thy maidservant, and the Levite, the stranger, and the fatherless, and the widow, that are within thy gates.	
Deuteronomy 16:19	Thou shalt not wrest judgment; thou shalt not respect persons, neither take a gift: for a gift doth blind the eyes of the wise, and pervert the words of the righteous.	
Deuteronomy 16:20	That which is altogether just shalt thou follow, that thou mayest live, and inherit the land which the LORD thy God giveth thee.	
Deuteronomy 16:6	But at the place which the LORD thy God shall choose to place his name in, there thou shalt sacrifice the passover at even, at the going down of the sun, at the season that thou camest forth out of Egypt.	
Deuteronomy 16:7	And thou shalt roast and eat it in the place which the LORD thy God shall choose: and thou shalt turn in the morning, and go unto thy tents.	
Deuteronomy 17:13	And all the people shall hear, and fear, and do no more presumptuously.	
Deuteronomy 17:2	If there be found among you, within any of thy gates which the LORD thy God giveth thee, man or woman, that hath wrought wickedness in the sight of the LORD thy God, in transgressing his covenant,	
Deuteronomy 17:20	That his heart be not lifted up above his brethren, and that he turn not aside from the commandment, to the right hand, or to the left: to the end that he may prolong his days in his kingdom, he, and his children, in the midst of Israel.	
Deuteronomy 17:3	And hath gone and served other gods, and worshipped them, either the sun, or moon, or any of the host of heaven, which I have not commanded;	
Deuteronomy 17:6	At the mouth of two witnesses, or three witnesses, shall he that is worthy of death be put to death; but at the mouth of one witness he shall not be put to death.	
Deuteronomy 18:12	For all that do these things are an abomination unto the LORD: and because of these abominations the LORD thy God doth drive them out from before thee.	
Deuteronomy 18:15	The LORD thy God will raise up unto thee a Prophet from the midst of thee, of thy brethren, like unto me; unto him ye shall hearken;	
Deuteronomy 18:22	When a prophet speaketh in the name of the LORD, if the thing follow not, nor come to pass, that is the thing which the LORD hath not spoken, but the prophet hath spoken it presumptuously: thou shalt not be afraid of him.	
Deuteronomy 18:7	Then he shall minister in the name of the LORD his God, as all his brethren the Levites do, which stand there before the LORD.	
Deuteronomy 19:10	That innocent blood be not shed in thy land, which the LORD thy God giveth thee for an inheritance, and so blood be upon thee.	
Deuteronomy 19:12	Then the elders of his city shall send and fetch him thence, and deliver him into the hand of the avenger of blood, that he may die.	
Deuteronomy 19:13	Thine eye shall not pity him, but thou shalt put away the guilt of innocent blood from Israel, that it may go well with thee.	
Deuteronomy 19:16	If a false witness rise up against any man to testify against him that which is wrong;	
Deuteronomy 19:2	Thou shalt separate three cities for thee in the midst of thy land, which the LORD thy God giveth thee to possess it.	
Deuteronomy 19:5	As when a man goeth into the wood with his neighbor to hew wood, and his hand fetcheth a stroke with the axe to cut down the tree, and the head slippeth from the helve, and lighteth upon his neighbor, that he die; he shall flee unto one of those cities, and live:	
Deuteronomy 19:8	And if the LORD thy God enlarge thy coast, as he hath sworn unto thy fathers, and give thee all the land which he promised to give unto thy fathers;	
Deuteronomy 1:2	(There are eleven days' journey from Horeb by the way of mount Seir unto Kadeshbarnea.)	
Deuteronomy 1:20	And I said unto you, Ye are come unto the mountain of the Amorites, which the LORD our God doth give unto us.	
Deuteronomy 1:22	And ye came near unto me every one of you, and said, We will send men before us, and they shall search us out the land, and bring us word again by what way we must go up, and into what cities we shall come.	
Deuteronomy 1:31	And in the wilderness, where thou hast seen how that the LORD thy God bare thee, as a man doth bear his son, in all the way that ye went, until ye came into this place.	
Deuteronomy 1:33	Who went in the way before you, to search you out a place to pitch your tents in, in fire by night, to show you by what way ye should go, and in a cloud by day.	
Deuteronomy 1:36	Save Caleb the son of Jephunneh; he shall see it, and to him will I give the land that he hath trodden upon, and to his children, because he hath wholly followed the LORD.	
Deuteronomy 1:41	Then ye answered and said unto me, We have sinned against the LORD, we will go up and fight, according to all that the LORD our God commanded us. And when ye had girded on every man his weapons of war, ye were ready to go up into the hill.	
Deuteronomy 1:42	And the LORD said unto me, Say unto them. Go not up, neither fight; for I am not among you; lest ye be smitten before your enemies.	
Deuteronomy 1:7	Turn you, and take your journey, and go to the mount of the Amorites, and unto all the places nigh thereunto, in the plain, in the hills, and in the vale, and in the south, and by the sea side, to the land of the Canaanites, and unto Lebanon, unto the great river, the river Euphrates.	
Deuteronomy 20:13	And when the LORD thy God hath delivered it into thine hands, thou shalt smite every male thereof with the edge of the sword:	
Deuteronomy 20:15	Thus shalt thou do unto all the cities which are very far off from thee, which are not of the cities of these nations.	
Deuteronomy 20:19	When thou shalt besiege a city a long time, in making war against it to take it, thou shalt not destroy the trees thereof by forcing an axe against them: for thou mayest eat of them, and thou shalt not cut them down (for the tree of the field is man's life) to employ them in the siege:	
Deuteronomy 20:2	And it shall be, when ye are come nigh unto the battle, that the priest shall approach and speak unto the people,	
Deuteronomy 20:20	Only the trees which thou knowest that they be not trees for meat, thou shalt destroy and cut them down; and thou shalt build bulwarks against the city that maketh war with thee, until it be subdued.	
Deuteronomy 20:4	For the LORD your God is he that goeth with you, to fight for you against your enemies, to save you.	
Deuteronomy 20:6	And what man is he that hath planted a vineyard, and hath not yet eaten of it? let him also go and return unto his house, lest he die in the battle, and another man eat of it.	
Deuteronomy 21:10	When thou goest forth to war against thine enemies, and the LORD thy God hath delivered them into thine hands, and thou hast taken them captive,	
Deuteronomy 21:15	If a man have two wives, one beloved, and another hated, and they have born him children, both the beloved and the hated; and if the firstborn son be hers that was hated:	
Deuteronomy 21:18	If a man have a stubborn and rebellious son, which will not obey the voice of his father, or the voice of his mother, and that, when they have chastened him, will not hearken unto them:	
Deuteronomy 21:21	And all the men of his city shall stone him with stones, that he die: so shalt thou put evil away from among you; and all Israel shall hear, and fear.	
Deuteronomy 21:9	So shalt thou put away the guilt of innocent blood from among you, when thou shalt do that which is right in the sight of the LORD.	
Deuteronomy 22:11	Thou shalt not wear a garment of divers sorts, as of woolen and linen together.	
Deuteronomy 22:15	Then shall the father of the damsel, and her mother, take and bring forth the tokens of the damsel's virginity unto the elders of the city in the gate:	
Deuteronomy 22:16	And the damsel's father shall say unto the elders, I gave my daughter unto this man to wife, and he hateth her;	
Deuteronomy 22:21	Then they shall bring out the damsel to the door of her father's house, and the men of her city shall stone her with stones that she die: because she hath wrought folly in Israel, to play the whore in her father's house: so shalt thou put evil away from among you.	
Deuteronomy 22:26	But unto the damsel thou shalt do nothing; there is in the damsel no sin worthy of death: for as when a man riseth against his neighbor, and slayeth him, even so is this matter:	
Deuteronomy 22:30	A man shall not take his father's wife, nor discover his father's skirt.	
Deuteronomy 22:4	Thou shalt not see thy brother's ass or his ox fall down by the way, and hide thyself from them: thou shalt surely help him to lift them up again.	
Deuteronomy 22:5	The woman shall not wear that which pertaineth unto a man, neither shall a man put on a woman's garment: for all that do so are abomination unto the LORD thy God.	
Deuteronomy 22:7	But thou shalt in any wise let the dam go, and take the young to thee; that it may be well with thee, and that thou mayest prolong thy days.	
Deuteronomy 22:8	When thou buildest a new house, then thou shalt make a battlement for thy roof, that thou bring not blood upon thine house, if any man fall from thence.	
Deuteronomy 23:10	If there be among you any man, that is not clean by reason of uncleanness that chanceth him by night, then shall he go abroad out of the camp, he shall not come within the camp:	
Deuteronomy 23:14	For the LORD thy God walketh in the midst of thy camp, to deliver thee, and to give up thine enemies before thee; therefore shall thy camp be holy: that he see no unclean thing in thee, and turn away from thee.	
Deuteronomy 23:17	There shall be no whore of the daughters of Israel, nor a sodomite of the sons of Israel.	
Deuteronomy 23:23	That which is gone out of thy lips thou shalt keep and perform; even a freewill offering, according as thou hast vowed unto the LORD thy God, which thou hast promised with thy mouth.	
Deuteronomy 23:4	Because they met you not with bread and with water in the way, when ye came forth out of Egypt; and because they hired against thee Balaam the son of Beor of Pethor of Mesopotamia, to curse thee.	
Deuteronomy 23:5	Nevertheless the LORD thy God would not hearken unto Balaam; but the LORD thy God turned the curse into a blessing unto thee, because the LORD thy God loved thee.	
Deuteronomy 23:9	When the host goeth forth against thine enemies, then keep thee from every wicked thing.	
Deuteronomy 24:15	At his day thou shalt give him his hire, neither shall the sun go down upon it; for he is poor, and setteth his heart upon it: lest he cry against thee unto the LORD, and it be sin unto thee.	
Deuteronomy 24:16	The fathers shall not be put to death for the children, neither shall the children be put to death for the fathers: every man shall be put to death for his own sin.	
Deuteronomy 24:17	Thou shalt not pervert the judgment of the stranger, nor of the fatherless; nor take a widow's raiment to pledge:	
Deuteronomy 24:2	And when she is departed out of his house, she may go and be another man's wife.	
Deuteronomy 24:21	When thou gatherest the grapes of thy vineyard, thou shalt not glean it afterward: it shall be for the stranger, for the fatherless, and for the widow.	
Deuteronomy 24:7	If a man be found stealing any of his brethren of the children of Israel, and maketh merchandise of him, or selleth him; then that thief shall die; and thou shalt put evil away from among you.	
Deuteronomy 25:10	And his name shall be called in Israel, The house of him that hath his shoe loosed.	
Deuteronomy 25:17	Remember what Amalek did unto thee by the way, when ye were come forth out of Egypt;	
Deuteronomy 25:6	And it shall be, that the firstborn which she beareth shall succeed in the name of his brother which is dead, that his name be not put out of Israel.	
Deuteronomy 26:1	And it shall be, when thou art come in unto the land which the LORD thy God giveth thee for an inheritance, and possessest it, and dwellest therein;	
Deuteronomy 26:15	Look down from thy holy habitation, from heaven, and bless thy people Israel, and the land which thou hast given us, as thou swarest unto our fathers, a land that floweth with milk and honey.	
Deuteronomy 26:19	And to make thee high above all nations which he hath made, in praise, and in name, and in honor; and that thou mayest be an holy people unto the LORD thy God, as he hath spoken.	
Deuteronomy 26:5	And thou shalt speak and say before the LORD thy God, A Syrian ready to perish was my father, and he went down into Egypt, and sojourned there with a few, and became there a nation, great, mighty, and populous:	
Deuteronomy 26:7	And when we cried unto the LORD God of our fathers, the LORD heard our voice, and looked on our affliction, and our labor, and our oppression:	
Deuteronomy 27:17	Cursed be he that removeth his neighbor's landmark. And all the people shall say, Amen.	
Deuteronomy 27:19	Cursed be he that perverteth the judgment of the stranger, fatherless, and widow. And all the people shall say, Amen.	
Deuteronomy 27:2	And it shall be on the day when ye shall pass over Jordan unto the land which the LORD thy God giveth thee, that thou shalt set thee up great stones, and plaster them with plaster:	
Deuteronomy 27:26	Cursed be he that confirmeth not all the words of this law to do them. And all the people shall say, Amen.	
Deuteronomy 28:12	The LORD shall open unto thee his good treasure, the heaven to give the rain unto thy land in his season, and to bless all the work of thine hand: and thou shalt lend unto many nations, and thou shalt not borrow.	
Deuteronomy 28:13	And the LORD shall make thee the head, and not the tail; and thou shalt be above only, and thou shalt not be beneath; if that thou hearken unto the commandments of the LORD thy God, which I command thee this day, to observe and to do them:	
Deuteronomy 28:14	And thou shalt not go aside from any of the words which I command thee this day, to the right hand, or to the left, to go after other gods to serve them.	
Deuteronomy 28:22	The LORD shall smite thee with a consumption, and with a fever, and with an inflammation, and with an extreme burning, and with the sword, and with blasting, and with mildew; and they shall pursue thee until thou perish.	
Deuteronomy 28:23	And thy heaven that is over thy head shall be brass, and the earth that is under thee shall be iron.	
Deuteronomy 28:24	The LORD shall make the rain of thy land powder and dust: from heaven shall it come down upon thee, until thou be destroyed.	
Deuteronomy 28:29	And thou shalt grope at noonday, as the blind gropeth in darkness, and thou shalt not prosper in thy ways: and thou shalt be only oppressed and spoiled evermore, and no man shall save thee.	
Deuteronomy 28:31	Thine ox shall be slain before thine eyes, and thou shalt not eat thereof: thine ass shall be violently taken away from before thy face, and shall not be restored to thee: thy sheep shall be given unto thine enemies, and thou shalt have none to rescue them.	
Deuteronomy 28:36	The LORD shall bring thee, and thy king which thou shalt set over thee, unto a nation which neither thou nor thy fathers have known; and there shalt thou serve other gods, wood and stone.	
Deuteronomy 28:37	And thou shalt become an astonishment, a proverb, and a byword, among all nations whither the LORD shall lead thee.	
Deuteronomy 28:42	All thy trees and fruit of thy land shall the locust consume.	
Deuteronomy 28:43	The stranger that is within thee shall get up above thee very high; and thou shalt come down very low.	
Deuteronomy 28:49	The LORD shall bring a nation against thee from far, from the end of the earth, as swift as the eagle flieth; a nation whose tongue thou shalt not understand;	
Deuteronomy 28:58	If thou wilt not observe to do all the words of this law that are written in this book, that thou mayest fear this glorious and fearful name, THE LORD THY GOD;	
Deuteronomy 28:59	Then the LORD will make thy plagues wonderful, and the plagues of thy seed, even great plagues, and of long continuance, and sore sicknesses, and of long continuance.	
Deuteronomy 28:67	In the morning thou shalt say, Would God it were even! and at even thou shalt say, Would God it were morning! for the fear of thine heart wherewith thou shalt fear, and for the sight of thine eyes which thou shalt see.	
Deuteronomy 28:7	The LORD shall cause thine enemies that rise up against thee to be smitten before thy face: they shall come out against thee one way, and flee before thee seven ways.	
Deuteronomy 29:11	Your little ones, your wives, and thy stranger that is in thy camp, from the hewer of thy wood unto the drawer of thy water:	
Deuteronomy 29:23	And that the whole land thereof is brimstone, and salt, and burning, that it is not sown, nor beareth, nor any grass groweth therein, like the overthrow of Sodom, and Gomorrah, Admah, and Zeboim, which the LORD overthrew in his anger, and in his wrath:	
Deuteronomy 29:24	Even all nations shall say, Wherefore hath the LORD done thus unto this land? what meaneth the heat of this great anger?	
Deuteronomy 29:25	Then men shall say, Because they have forsaken the covenant of the LORD God of their fathers, which he made with them when he brought them forth out of the land of Egypt:	
Deuteronomy 29:3	The great temptations which thine eyes have seen, the signs, and those great miracles:	
Deuteronomy 29:4	Yet the LORD hath not given you an heart to perceive, and eyes to see, and ears to hear, unto this day.	
Deuteronomy 29:7	And when ye came unto this place, Sihon the king of Heshbon, and Og the king of Bashan, came out against us unto battle, and we smote them:	
Deuteronomy 2:10	The Emims dwelt therein in times past, a people great, and many, and tall, as the Anakims;	
Deuteronomy 2:12	The Horims also dwelt in Seir beforetime; but the children of Esau succeeded them, when they had destroyed them from before them, and dwelt in their stead; as Israel did unto the land of his possession, which the LORD gave unto them.	
Deuteronomy 2:14	And the space in which we came from Kadeshbarnea, until we were come over the brook Zered, was thirty and eight years; until all the generation of the men of war were wasted out from among the host, as the LORD sware unto them.	
Deuteronomy 2:2	And the LORD spake unto me, saying,	
Deuteronomy 2:24	Rise ye up, take your journey, and pass over the river Arnon: behold, I have given into thine hand Sihon the Amorite, king of Heshbon, and his land: begin to possess it, and contend with him in battle.	
Deuteronomy 2:32	Then Sihon came out against us, he and all his people, to fight at Jahaz.	
Deuteronomy 2:36	From Aroer, which is by the brink of the river of Arnon, and from the city that is by the river, even unto Gilead, there was not one city too strong for us: the LORD our God delivered all unto us:	
Deuteronomy 2:37	Only unto the land of the children of Ammon thou camest not, nor unto any place of the river Jabbok, nor unto the cities in the mountains, nor unto whatsoever the LORD our God forbade us.	
Deuteronomy 2:4	And command thou the people, saying, Ye are to pass through the coast of your brethren the children of Esau, which dwell in Seir; and they shall be afraid of you: take ye good heed unto yourselves therefore:	
Deuteronomy 2:7	For the LORD thy God hath blessed thee in all the works of thy hand: he knoweth thy walking through this great wilderness: these forty years the LORD thy God hath been with thee; thou hast lacked nothing.	
Deuteronomy 30:11	For this commandment which I command thee this day, it is not hidden from thee, neither is it far off.	
Deuteronomy 30:14	But the word is very nigh unto thee, in thy mouth, and in thy heart, that thou mayest do it.	
Deuteronomy 30:3	That then the LORD thy God will turn thy captivity, and have compassion upon thee, and will return and gather thee from all the nations, whither the LORD thy God hath scattered thee.	
Deuteronomy 30:7	And the LORD thy God will put all these curses upon thine enemies, and on them that hate thee, which persecuted thee.	
Deuteronomy 31:22	Moses therefore wrote this song the same day, and taught it the children of Israel.	
Deuteronomy 31:25	That Moses commanded the Levites, which bare the ark of the covenant of the LORD, saying,	
Deuteronomy 31:6	Be strong and of a good courage, fear not, nor be afraid of them: for the LORD thy God, he it is that doth go with thee; he will not fail thee, nor forsake thee.	
Deuteronomy 31:8	And the LORD, he it is that doth go before thee; he will be with thee, he will not fail thee, neither forsake thee: fear not, neither be dismayed.	
Deuteronomy 32:13	He made him ride on the high places of the earth, that he might eat the increase of the fields; and he made him to suck honey out of the rock, and oil out of the flinty rock;	
Deuteronomy 32:26	I said, I would scatter them into corners, I would make the remembrance of them to cease from among men:	
Deuteronomy 32:33	Their wine is the poison of dragons, and the cruel venom of asps.	
Deuteronomy 32:37	And he shall say, Where are their gods, their rock in whom they trusted,	
Deuteronomy 32:40	For I lift up my hand to heaven, and say, I live for ever.	
Deuteronomy 32:42	I will make mine arrows drunk with blood, and my sword shall devour flesh; and that with the blood of the slain and of the captives, from the beginning of revenges upon the enemy.	
Deuteronomy 32:44	And Moses came and spake all the words of this song in the ears of the people, he, and Hoshea the son of Nun.	
Deuteronomy 32:47	For it is not a vain thing for you; because it is your life: and through this thing ye shall prolong your days in the land, whither ye go over Jordan to possess it.	
Deuteronomy 33:10	They shall teach Jacob thy judgments, and Israel thy law: they shall put incense before thee, and whole burnt sacrifice upon thine altar.	
Deuteronomy 33:14	And for the precious fruits brought forth by the sun, and for the precious things put forth by the moon,	
Deuteronomy 33:16	And for the precious things of the earth and fulness thereof, and for the good will of him that dwelt in the bush: let the blessing come upon the head of Joseph, and upon the top of the head of him that was separated from his brethren.	
Deuteronomy 33:25	Thy shoes shall be iron and brass; and as thy days, so shall thy strength be.	
Deuteronomy 33:27	The eternal God is thy refuge, and underneath are the everlasting arms: and he shall thrust out the enemy from before thee; and shall say, Destroy them.	
Deuteronomy 33:29	Happy art thou, O Israel: who is like unto thee, O people saved by the LORD, the shield of thy help, and who is the sword of thy excellency! and thine enemies shall be found liars unto thee; and thou shalt tread upon their high places.	
Deuteronomy 33:5	And he was king in Jeshurun, when the heads of the people and the tribes of Israel were gathered together.	
Deuteronomy 33:7	And this is the blessing of Judah: and he said, Hear, LORD, the voice of Judah, and bring him unto his people: let his hands be sufficient for him; and be thou an help to him from his enemies.	
Deuteronomy 34:2	And all Naphtali, and the land of Ephraim, and Manasseh, and all the land of Judah, unto the utmost sea,	
Deuteronomy 34:5	So Moses the servant of the LORD died there in the land of Moab, according to the word of the LORD.	
Deuteronomy 34:8	And the children of Israel wept for Moses in the plains of Moab thirty days: so the days of weeping and mourning for Moses were ended.	
Deuteronomy 3:11	For only Og king of Bashan remained of the remnant of giants; behold his bedstead was a bedstead of iron; is it not in Rabbath of the children of Ammon? nine cubits was the length thereof, and four cubits the breadth of it, after the cubit of a man.	
Deuteronomy 3:18	And I commanded you at that time, saying, The LORD your God hath given you this land to possess it: ye shall pass over armed before your brethren the children of Israel, all that are meet for the war.	
Deuteronomy 3:24	O Lord GOD, thou hast begun to show thy servant thy greatness, and thy mighty hand: for what God is there in heaven or in earth, that can do according to thy works, and according to thy might?	
Deuteronomy 3:5	All these cities were fenced with high walls, gates, and bars; beside unwalled towns a great many.	
Deuteronomy 3:6	And we utterly destroyed them, as we did unto Sihon king of Heshbon, utterly destroying the men, women, and children, of every city.	
Deuteronomy 3:9	(Which Hermon the Sidonians call Sirion; and the Amorites call it Shenir;)	
Deuteronomy 4:13	And he declared unto you his covenant, which he commanded you to perform, even ten commandments; and he wrote them upon two tables of stone.	
Deuteronomy 4:14	And the LORD commanded me at that time to teach you statutes and judgments, that ye might do them in the land whither ye go over to possess it.	
Deuteronomy 4:28	And there ye shall serve gods, the work of men's hands, wood and stone, which neither see, nor hear, nor eat, nor smell.	
Deuteronomy 4:34	Or hath God assayed to go and take him a nation from the midst of another nation, by temptations, by signs, and by wonders, and by war, and by a mighty hand, and by a stretched out arm, and by great terrors, according to all that the LORD your God did for you in Egypt before your eyes?	
Deuteronomy 4:39	Know therefore this day, and consider it in thine heart, that the LORD he is God in heaven above, and upon the earth beneath: there is none else.	
Deuteronomy 4:42	That the slayer might flee thither, which should kill his neighbor unawares, and hated him not in times past; and that fleeing unto one of these cities he might live:	
Deuteronomy 4:47	And they possessed his land, and the land of Og king of Bashan, two kings of the Amorites, which were on this side Jordan toward the sunrising;	
Deuteronomy 4:48	From Aroer, which is by the bank of the river Arnon, even unto mount Sion, which is Hermon,	
Deuteronomy 5:1	And Moses called all Israel, and said unto them, Hear, O Israel, the statutes and judgments which I speak in your ears this day, that ye may learn them, and keep, and do them.	
Deuteronomy 5:15	And remember that thou wast a servant in the land of Egypt, and that the LORD thy God brought thee out thence through a mighty hand and by a stretched out arm: therefore the LORD thy God commanded thee to keep the sabbath day.	
Deuteronomy 5:17	Thou shalt not kill.	
Deuteronomy 5:18	Neither shalt thou commit adultery.	
Deuteronomy 5:2	The LORD our God made a covenant with us in Horeb.	
Deuteronomy 5:4	The LORD talked with you face to face in the mount out of the midst of the fire,	
Deuteronomy 5:6	I am the LORD thy God, which brought thee out of the land of Egypt, from the house of bondage.	
Deuteronomy 5:7	Thou shalt have none other gods before me.	
Deuteronomy 6:13	Thou shalt fear the LORD thy God, and serve him, and shalt swear by his name.	
Deuteronomy 6:18	And thou shalt do that which is right and good in the sight of the LORD: that it may be well with thee, and that thou mayest go in and possess the good land which the LORD sware unto thy fathers.	
Deuteronomy 6:20	And when thy son asketh thee in time to come, saying, What mean the testimonies, and the statutes, and the judgments, which the LORD our God hath commanded you?	
Deuteronomy 6:4	Hear, O Israel: The LORD our God is one LORD:	
Deuteronomy 6:5	And thou shalt love the LORD thy God with all thine heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy might.	
Deuteronomy 6:7	And thou shalt teach them diligently unto thy children, and shalt talk of them when thou sittest in thine house, and when thou walkest by the way, and when thou liest down, and when thou risest up.	
Deuteronomy 7:12	Wherefore it shall come to pass, if ye hearken to these judgments, and keep, and do them, that the LORD thy God shall keep unto thee the covenant and the mercy which he sware unto thy fathers:	
Deuteronomy 7:14	Thou shalt be blessed above all people: there shall not be male or female barren among you, or among your cattle.	
Deuteronomy 7:15	And the LORD will take away from thee all sickness, and will put none of the evil diseases of Egypt, which thou knowest, upon thee; but will lay them upon all them that hate thee.	
Deuteronomy 7:2	And when the LORD thy God shall deliver them before thee; thou shalt smite them, and utterly destroy them; thou shalt make no covenant with them, nor show mercy unto them:	
Deuteronomy 8:10	When thou hast eaten and art full, then thou shalt bless the LORD thy God for the good land which he hath given thee.	
Deuteronomy 8:11	Beware that thou forget not the LORD thy God, in not keeping his commandments, and his judgments, and his statutes, which I command thee this day:	
Deuteronomy 8:19	And it shall be, if thou do at all forget the LORD thy God, and walk after other gods, and serve them, and worship them, I testify against you this day that ye shall surely perish.	
Deuteronomy 8:2	And thou shalt remember all the way which the LORD thy God led thee these forty years in the wilderness, to humble thee, and to prove thee, to know what was in thine heart, whether thou wouldest keep his commandments, or no.	
Deuteronomy 8:9	A land wherein thou shalt eat bread without scarceness, thou shalt not lack any thing in it; a land whose stones are iron, and out of whose hills thou mayest dig brass.	
Deuteronomy 9:1	Hear, O Israel: Thou art to pass over Jordan this day, to go in to possess nations greater and mightier than thyself, cities great and fenced up to heaven,	
Deuteronomy 9:11	And it came to pass at the end of forty days and forty nights, that the LORD gave me the two tables of stone, even the tables of the covenant.	
Deuteronomy 9:13	Furthermore the LORD spake unto me, saying, I have seen this people, and, behold, it is a stiffnecked people:	
Deuteronomy 9:2	A people great and tall, the children of the Anakims, whom thou knowest, and of whom thou hast heard say, Who can stand before the children of Anak!	
Deuteronomy 9:28	Lest the land whence thou broughtest us out say, Because the LORD was not able to bring them into the land which he promised them, and because he hated them, he hath brought them out to slay them in the wilderness.	
Deuteronomy 9:3	Understand therefore this day, that the LORD thy God is he which goeth over before thee; as a consuming fire he shall destroy them, and he shall bring them down before thy face: so shalt thou drive them out, and destroy them quickly, as the LORD hath said unto thee.	
Deuteronomy 9:7	Remember, and forget not, how thou provokedst the LORD thy God to wrath in the wilderness: from the day that thou didst depart out of the land of Egypt, until ye came unto this place, ye have been rebellious against the LORD.	
Ecclesiastes 10:6	Folly is set in great dignity, and the rich sit in low place.	
Ecclesiastes 11:1	Cast thy bread upon the waters: for thou shalt find it after many days.	
Ecclesiastes 11:10	Therefore remove sorrow from thy heart, and put away evil from thy flesh: for childhood and youth are vanity.	
Ecclesiastes 11:4	He that observeth the wind shall not sow; and he that regardeth the clouds shall not reap.	
Ecclesiastes 12:12	And further, by these, my son, be admonished: of making many books there is no end; and much study is a weariness of the flesh.	
Ecclesiastes 12:3	In the day when the keepers of the house shall tremble, and the strong men shall bow themselves, and the grinders cease because they are few, and those that look out of the windows be darkened,	
Ecclesiastes 12:6	Or ever the silver cord be loosed, or the golden bowl be broken, or the pitcher be broken at the fountain, or the wheel broken at the cistern.	
Ecclesiastes 12:8	Vanity of vanities, saith the preacher; all is vanity.	
Ecclesiastes 1:12	I the Preacher was king over Israel in Jerusalem.	
Ecclesiastes 1:4	One generation passeth away, and another generation cometh: but the earth abideth for ever.	
Ecclesiastes 1:9	The thing that hath been, it is that which shall be; and that which is done is that which shall be done: and there is no new thing under the sun.	
Ecclesiastes 2:15	Then said I in my heart, As it happeneth to the fool, so it happeneth even to me; and why was I then more wise? Then I said in my heart, that this also is vanity.	
Ecclesiastes 2:18	Yea, I hated all my labour which I had taken under the sun: because I should leave it unto the man that shall be after me.	
Ecclesiastes 2:19	And who knoweth whether he shall be a wise man or a fool? yet shall he have rule over all my labour wherein I have laboured, and wherein I have shewed myself wise under the sun. This is also vanity.	
Ecclesiastes 2:22	For what hath man of all his labour, and of the vexation of his heart, wherein he hath laboured under the sun?	
Ecclesiastes 2:6	I made me pools of water, to water therewith the wood that bringeth forth trees:	
Ecclesiastes 2:9	So I was great, and increased more than all that were before me in Jerusalem: also my wisdom remained with me.	
Ecclesiastes 3:1	To every thing there is a season, and a time to every purpose under the heaven:	
Ecclesiastes 3:13	And also that every man should eat and drink, and enjoy the good of all his labour, it is the gift of God.	
Ecclesiastes 3:17	I said in mine heart, God shall judge the righteous and the wicked: for there is a time there for every purpose and for every work.	
Ecclesiastes 3:20	All go unto one place; all are of the dust, and all turn to dust again.	
Ecclesiastes 3:21	Who knoweth the spirit of man that goeth upward, and the spirit of the beast that goeth downward to the earth?	
Ecclesiastes 3:4	A time to weep, and a time to laugh; a time to mourn, and a time to dance;	
Ecclesiastes 4:1	So I returned, and considered all the oppressions that are done under the sun: and behold the tears of such as were oppressed, and they had no comforter; and on the side of their oppressors there was power; but they had no comforter.	
Ecclesiastes 4:12	And if one prevail against him, two shall withstand him; and a threefold cord is not quickly broken.	
Ecclesiastes 4:16	There is no end of all the people, even of all that have been before them: they also that come after shall not rejoice in him. Surely this also is vanity and vexation of spirit.	
Ecclesiastes 4:7	Then I returned, and I saw vanity under the sun.	
Ecclesiastes 4:8	There is one alone, and there is not a second; yea, he hath neither child nor brother: yet is there no end of all his labour; neither is his eye satisfied with riches; neither saith he, For whom do I labour, and bereave my soul of good? This is also vanity, yea, it is a sore travail.	
Ecclesiastes 5:15	As he came forth of his mother's womb, naked shall he return to go as he came, and shall take nothing of his labour, which he may carry away in his hand.	
Ecclesiastes 5:18	Behold that which I have seen: it is good and comely for one to eat and to drink, and to enjoy the good of all his labour that he taketh under the sun all the days of his life, which God giveth him: for it is his portion.	
Ecclesiastes 6:1	There is an evil which I have seen under the sun, and it is common among men:	
Ecclesiastes 6:2	A man to whom God hath given riches, wealth, and honour, so that he wanteth nothing for his soul of all that he desireth, yet God giveth him not power to eat thereof, but a stranger eateth it: this is vanity, and it is an evil disease.	
Ecclesiastes 7:16	Be not righteous over much; neither make thyself over wise: why shouldest thou destroy thyself ?	
Ecclesiastes 7:19	Wisdom strengtheneth the wise more than ten mighty men which are in the city.	
Ecclesiastes 7:20	For there is not a just man upon earth, that doeth good, and sinneth not.	
Ecclesiastes 7:23	All this have I proved by wisdom: I said, I will be wise; but it was far from me.	
Ecclesiastes 7:25	I applied mine heart to know, and to search, and to seek out wisdom, and the reason of things, and to know the wickedness of folly, even of foolishness and madness:	
Ecclesiastes 7:5	It is better to hear the rebuke of the wise, than for a man to hear the song of fools.	
Ecclesiastes 8:10	And so I saw the wicked buried, who had come and gone from the place of the holy, and they were forgotten in the city where they had so done: this is also vanity.	
Ecclesiastes 8:11	Because sentence against an evil work is not executed speedily, therefore the heart of the sons of men is fully set in them to do evil.	
Ecclesiastes 8:15	Then I commended mirth, because a man hath no better thing under the sun, than to eat, and to drink, and to be merry: for that shall abide with him of his labour the days of his life, which God giveth him under the sun.	
Ecclesiastes 8:16	When I applied mine heart to know wisdom, and to see the business that is done upon the earth: (for also there is that neither day nor night seeth sleep with his eyes:)	
Ecclesiastes 8:17	Then I beheld all the work of God, that a man cannot find out the work that is done under the sun: because though a man labour to seek it out, yet he shall not find it; yea farther; though a wise man think to know it, yet shall he not be able to find it.	
Ecclesiastes 8:3	Be not hasty to go out of his sight: stand not in an evil thing; for he doeth whatsoever pleaseth him.	
Ecclesiastes 9:17	The words of wise men are heard in quiet more than the cry of him that ruleth among fools.	
Ecclesiastes 9:18	Wisdom is better than weapons of war: but one sinner destroyeth much good.	
Ecclesiastes 9:6	Also their love, and their hatred, and their envy, is now perished; neither have they any more a portion for ever in any thing that is done under the sun.	
Ecclesiastes 9:8	Let thy garments be always white; and let thy head lack no ointment.	
Ephesians 1:14	Which is the earnest of our inheritance until the redemption of the purchased possession, unto the praise of his glory.	
Ephesians 1:15	Wherefore I also, after I heard of your faith in the Lord Jesus, and love unto all the saints,	
Ephesians 1:18	The eyes of your understanding being enlightened; that ye may know what is the hope of his calling, and what the riches of the glory of his inheritance in the saints,	
Ephesians 1:2	Grace be to you, and peace, from God our Father, and from the Lord Jesus Christ.	
Ephesians 2:10	For we are his workmanship, created in Christ Jesus unto good works, which God hath before ordained that we should walk in them.	
Ephesians 2:11	Wherefore remember, that ye being in time past Gentiles in the flesh, who are called Uncircumcision by that which is called the Circumcision in the flesh made by hands;	
Ephesians 2:12	That at that time ye were without Christ, being aliens from the commonwealth of Israel, and strangers from the covenants of promise, having no hope, and without God in the world:	
Ephesians 2:14	For he is our peace, who hath made both one, and hath broken down the middle wall of partition between us;	
Ephesians 2:17	And came and preached peace to you which were afar off, and to them that were nigh.	
Ephesians 2:20	And are built upon the foundation of the apostles and prophets, Jesus Christ himself being the chief corner stone;	
Ephesians 2:21	In whom all the building fitly framed together groweth unto an holy temple in the Lord:	
Ephesians 2:22	In whom ye also are builded together for an habitation of God through the Spirit.	
Ephesians 2:3	Among whom also we all had our conversation in times past in the lusts of our flesh, fulfilling the desires of the flesh and of the mind; and were by nature the children of wrath, even as others.	
Ephesians 2:7	That in the ages to come he might shew the exceeding riches of his grace in his kindness toward us through Christ Jesus.	
Ephesians 2:8	For by grace are ye saved through faith; and that not of yourselves: it is the gift of God:	
Ephesians 2:9	Not of works, lest any man should boast.	
Ephesians 3:13	Wherefore I desire that ye faint not at my tribulations for you, which is your glory.	
Ephesians 3:15	Of whom the whole family in heaven and earth is named,	
Ephesians 3:16	That he would grant you, according to the riches of his glory, to be strengthened with might by his Spirit in the inner man;	
Ephesians 3:5	Which in other ages was not made known unto the sons of men, as it is now revealed unto his holy apostles and prophets by the Spirit;	
Ephesians 3:6	That the Gentiles should be fellowheirs, and of the same body, and partakers of his promise in Christ by the gospel:	
Ephesians 3:8	Unto me, who am less than the least of all saints, is this grace given, that I should preach among the Gentiles the unsearchable riches of Christ;	
Ephesians 3:9	And to make all men see what is the fellowship of the mystery, which from the beginning of the world hath been hid in God, who created all things by Jesus Christ:	
Ephesians 4:15	But speaking the truth in love, may grow up into him in all things, which is the head, even Christ:	
Ephesians 4:20	But ye have not so learned Christ;	
Ephesians 4:22	That ye put off concerning the former conversation the old man, which is corrupt according to the deceitful lusts;	
Ephesians 4:23	And be renewed in the spirit of your mind;	
Ephesians 4:28	Let him that stole steal no more: but rather let him labour, working with his hands the thing which is good, that he may have to give to him that needeth.	
Ephesians 4:29	Let no corrupt communication proceed out of your mouth, but that which is good to the use of edifying, that it may minister grace unto the hearers.	
Ephesians 4:3	Endeavouring to keep the unity of the Spirit in the bond of peace.	
Ephesians 4:30	And grieve not the holy Spirit of God, whereby ye are sealed unto the day of redemption.	
Ephesians 4:8	Wherefore he saith, When he ascended up on high, he led captivity captive, and gave gifts unto men.	
Ephesians 4:9	(Now that he ascended, what is it but that he also descended first into the lower parts of the earth?	
Ephesians 5:1	Be ye therefore followers of God, as dear children;	
Ephesians 5:2	And walk in love, as Christ also hath loved us, and hath given himself for us an offering and a sacrifice to God for a sweetsmelling savour.	
Ephesians 5:20	Giving thanks always for all things unto God and the Father in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ;	
Ephesians 5:3	But fornication, and all uncleanness, or covetousness, let it not be once named among you, as becometh saints;	
Ephesians 5:33	Nevertheless let every one of you in particular so love his wife even as himself; and the wife see that she reverence her husband.	
Ephesians 5:4	Neither filthiness, nor foolish talking, nor jesting, which are not convenient: but rather giving of thanks.	
Ephesians 5:5	For this ye know, that no whoremonger, nor unclean person, nor covetous man, who is an idolater, hath any inheritance in the kingdom of Christ and of God.	
Ephesians 5:6	Let no man deceive you with vain words: for because of these things cometh the wrath of God upon the children of disobedience.	
Ephesians 5:7	Be not ye therefore partakers with them.	
Ephesians 5:9	(For the fruit of the Spirit is in all goodness and righteousness and truth;)	
Ephesians 6:10	Finally, my brethren, be strong in the Lord, and in the power of his might.	
Ephesians 6:16	Above all, taking the shield of faith, wherewith ye shall be able to quench all the fiery darts of the wicked.	
Ephesians 6:5	Servants, be obedient to them that are your masters according to the flesh, with fear and trembling, in singleness of your heart, as unto Christ;	
Esther 10:2	And all the acts of his power and of his might, and the declaration of the greatness of Mordecai, whereunto the king advanced him, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Media and Persia?	
Esther 1:13	Then the king said to the wise men, which knew the times, (for so was the king's manner toward all that knew law and judgment:	
Esther 1:16	And Memucan answered before the king and the princes, Vashti the queen hath not done wrong to the king only, but also to all the princes, and to all the people that are in all the provinces of the king Ahasuerus.	
Esther 1:17	For this deed of the queen shall come abroad unto all women, so that they shall despise their husbands in their eyes, when it shall be reported, The king Ahasuerus commanded Vashti the queen to be brought in before him, but she came not.	
Esther 1:19	If it please the king, let there go a royal commandment from him, and let it be written among the laws of the Persians and the Medes, that it be not altered, That Vashti come no more before king Ahasuerus; and let the king give her royal estate unto another that is better than she.	
Esther 1:2	That in those days, when the king Ahasuerus sat on the throne of his kingdom, which was in Shushan the palace,	
Esther 1:5	And when these days were expired, the king made a feast unto all the people that were present in Shushan the palace, both unto great and small, seven days, in the court of the garden of the king's palace;	
Esther 2:13	Then thus came every maiden unto the king; whatsoever she desired was given her to go with her out of the house of the women unto the king's house.	
Esther 2:17	And the king loved Esther above all the women, and she obtained grace and favour in his sight more than all the virgins; so that he set the royal crown upon her head, and made her queen instead of Vashti.	
Esther 2:18	Then the king made a great feast unto all his princes and his servants, even Esther's feast; and he made a release to the provinces, and gave gifts, according to the state of the king.	
Esther 2:22	And the thing was known to Mordecai, who told it unto Esther the queen; and Esther certified the king thereof in Mordecai's name.	
Esther 2:5	Now in Shushan the palace there was a certain Jew, whose name was Mordecai, the son of Jair, the son of Shimei, the son of Kish, a Benjamite;	
Esther 2:6	Who had been carried away from Jerusalem with the captivity which had been carried away with Jeconiah king of Judah, whom Nebuchadnezzar the king of Babylon had carried away.	
Esther 2:8	So it came to pass, when the king's commandment and his decree was heard, and when many maidens were gathered together unto Shushan the palace, to the custody of Hegai, that Esther was brought also unto the king's house, to the custody of Hegai, keeper of the women.	
Esther 3:15	The posts went out, being hastened by the king's commandment, and the decree was given in Shushan the palace. And the king and Haman sat down to drink; but the city Shushan was perplexed.	
Esther 3:3	Then the king's servants, which were in the king's gate, said unto Mordecai, Why transgressest thou the king's commandment?	
Esther 3:5	And when Haman saw that Mordecai bowed not, nor did him reverence, then was Haman full of wrath.	
Esther 4:12	And they told to Mordecai Esther's words.	
Esther 4:16	Go, gather together all the Jews that are present in Shushan, and fast ye for me, and neither eat nor drink three days, night or day: I also and my maidens will fast likewise; and so will I go in unto the king, which is not according to the law: and if I perish, I perish.	
Esther 4:17	So Mordecai went his way, and did according to all that Esther had commanded him.	
Esther 4:3	And in every province, whithersoever the king's commandment and his decree came, there was great mourning among the Jews, and fasting, and weeping, and wailing; and many lay in sackcloth and ashes.	
Esther 4:6	So Hatach went forth to Mordecai unto the street of the city, which was before the king's gate.	
Esther 5:1	Now it came to pass on the third day, that Esther put on her royal apparel, and stood in the inner court of the king's house, over against the king's house: and the king sat upon his royal throne in the royal house, over against the gate of the house.	
Esther 5:10	Nevertheless Haman refrained himself: and when he came home, he sent and called for his friends, and Zeresh his wife.	
Esther 5:13	Yet all this availeth me nothing, so long as I see Mordecai the Jew sitting at the king's gate.	
Esther 6:11	Then took Haman the apparel and the horse, and arrayed Mordecai, and brought him on horseback through the street of the city, and proclaimed before him, Thus shall it be done unto the man whom the king delighteth to honour.	
Esther 8:1	On that day did the king Ahasuerus give the house of Haman the Jews' enemy unto Esther the queen. And Mordecai came before the king; for Esther had told what he was unto her.	
Esther 8:4	Then the king held out the golden sceptre toward Esther. So Esther arose, and stood before the king,	
Esther 8:8	Write ye also for the Jews, as it liketh you, in the king's name, and seal it with the king's ring: for the writing which is written in the king's name, and sealed with the king's ring, may no man reverse.	
Esther 8:9	Then were the king's scribes called at that time in the third month, that is, the month Sivan, on the three and twentieth day thereof; and it was written according to all that Mordecai commanded unto the Jews, and to the lieutenants, and the deputies and rulers of the provinces which are from India unto Ethiopia, an hundred twenty and seven provinces, unto every province according to the writing thereof, and unto every people after their language, and to the Jews according to their writing, and 	
Esther 9:1	Now in the twelfth month, that is, the month Adar, on the thirteenth day of the same, when the king's commandment and his decree drew near to be put in execution, in the day that the enemies of the Jews hoped to have power over them, (though it was turned to the contrary, that the Jews had rule over them that hated them;)	
Esther 9:12	And the king said unto Esther the queen, The Jews have slain and destroyed five hundred men in Shushan the palace, and the ten sons of Haman; what have they done in the rest of the king's provinces? now what is thy petition? and it shall be granted thee: or what is thy request further? and it shall be done.	
Esther 9:2	The Jews gathered themselves together in their cities throughout all the provinces of the king Ahasuerus, to lay hand on such as sought their hurt: and no man could withstand them; for the fear of them fell upon all people.	
Esther 9:21	To stablish this among them, that they should keep the fourteenth day of the month Adar, and the fifteenth day of the same, yearly,	
Esther 9:23	And the Jews undertook to do as they had begun, and as Mordecai had written unto them;	
Esther 9:24	Because Haman the son of Hammedatha, the Agagite, the enemy of all the Jews, had devised against the Jews to destroy them, and had cast Pur, that is, the lot, to consume them, and to destroy them;	
Esther 9:4	For Mordecai was great in the king's house, and his fame went out throughout all the provinces: for this man Mordecai waxed greater and greater.	
Exodus 10:1	And the LORD said unto Moses, Go in unto Pharaoh: for I have hardened his heart, and the heart of his servants, that I might show these my signs before him:	
Exodus 10:11	Not so: go now ye that are men, and serve the LORD; for that ye did desire. And they were driven out from Pharaoh's presence.	
Exodus 10:15	For they covered the face of the whole earth, so that the land was darkened; and they did eat every herb of the land, and all the fruit of the trees which the hail had left: and there remained not any green thing in the trees, or in the herbs of the field, through all the land of Egypt.	
Exodus 10:26	Our cattle also shall go with us; there shall not an hoof be left behind; for thereof must we take to serve the LORD our God; and we know not with what we must serve the LORD, until we come thither.	
Exodus 10:3	And Moses and Aaron came in unto Pharaoh, and said unto him, Thus saith the LORD God of the Hebrews, How long wilt thou refuse to humble thyself before me? let my people go, that they may serve me.	
Exodus 10:9	And Moses said, We will go with our young and with our old, with our sons and with our daughters, with our flocks and with our herds will we go; for we must hold a feast unto the LORD.	
Exodus 11:10	And Moses and Aaron did all these wonders before Pharaoh: and the LORD hardened Pharaoh's heart, so that he would not let the children of Israel go out of his land.	
Exodus 11:6	And there shall be a great cry throughout all the land of Egypt, such as there was none like it, nor shall be like it any more.	
Exodus 11:9	And the LORD said unto Moses, Pharaoh shall not hearken unto you; that my wonders may be multiplied in the land of Egypt.	
Exodus 12:10	And ye shall let nothing of it remain until the morning; and that which remaineth of it until the morning ye shall burn with fire.	
Exodus 12:12	For I will pass through the land of Egypt this night, and will smite all the firstborn in the land of Egypt, both man and beast; and against all the gods of Egypt I will execute judgment: I am the LORD.	
Exodus 12:13	And the blood shall be to you for a token upon the houses where ye are: and when I see the blood, I will pass over you, and the plague shall not be upon you to destroy you, when I smite the land of Egypt.	
Exodus 12:17	And ye shall observe the feast of unleavened bread; for in this selfsame day have I brought your armies out of the land of Egypt: therefore shall ye observe this day in your generations by an ordinance for ever.	
Exodus 12:2	This month shall be unto you the beginning of months: it shall be the first month of the year to you.	
Exodus 12:23	For the LORD will pass through to smite the Egyptians; and when he seeth the blood upon the lintel, and on the two side posts, the LORD will pass over the door, and will not suffer the destroyer to come in unto your houses to smite you.	
Exodus 12:25	And it shall come to pass, when ye be come to the land which the LORD will give you, according as he hath promised, that ye shall keep this service.	
Exodus 12:30	And Pharaoh rose up in the night, he, and all his servants, and all the Egyptians; and there was a great cry in Egypt; for there was not a house where there was not one dead.	
Exodus 12:32	Also take your flocks and your herds, as ye have said, and be gone; and bless me also.	
Exodus 12:35	And the children of Israel did according to the word of Moses; and they borrowed of the Egyptians jewels of silver, and jewels of gold, and raiment:	
Exodus 12:37	And the children of Israel journeyed from Rameses to Succoth, about six hundred thousand on foot that were men, beside children.	
Exodus 12:44	But every man's servant that is bought for money, when thou hast circumcised him, then shall he eat thereof.	
Exodus 12:47	All the congregation of Israel shall keep it.	
Exodus 12:8	And they shall eat the flesh in that night, roast with fire, and unleavened bread; and with bitter herbs they shall eat it.	
Exodus 13:12	That thou shalt set apart unto the LORD all that openeth the matrix, and every firstling that cometh of a beast which thou hast; the males shall be the LORD's.	
Exodus 13:13	And every firstling of an ass thou shalt redeem with a lamb; and if thou wilt not redeem it, then thou shalt break his neck: and all the firstborn of man among thy children shalt thou redeem.	
Exodus 13:15	And it came to pass, when Pharaoh would hardly let us go, that the LORD slew all the firstborn in the land of Egypt, both the firstborn of man, and the firstborn of beast: therefore I sacrifice to the LORD all that openeth the matrix, being males; but all the firstborn of my children I redeem.	
Exodus 13:2	Sanctify unto me all the firstborn, whatsoever openeth the womb among the children of Israel, both of man and of beast: it is mine.	
Exodus 13:22	He took not away the pillar of the cloud by day, nor the pillar of fire by night, from before the people.	
Exodus 13:3	And Moses said unto the people, Remember this day, in which ye came out from Egypt, out of the house of bondage; for by strength of hand the LORD brought you out from this place: there shall no leavened bread be eaten.	
Exodus 13:7	Unleavened bread shall be eaten seven days; and there shall no leavened bread be seen with thee, neither shall there be leaven seen with thee in all thy quarters.	
Exodus 14:12	Is not this the word that we did tell thee in Egypt, saying, Let us alone, that we may serve the Egyptians? For it had been better for us to serve the Egyptians, than that we should die in the wilderness.	
Exodus 14:15	And the LORD said unto Moses, Wherefore criest thou unto me? speak unto the children of Israel, that they go forward:	
Exodus 14:19	And the angel of God, which went before the camp of Israel, removed and went behind them; and the pillar of the cloud went from before their face, and stood behind them:	
Exodus 14:2	Speak unto the children of Israel, that they turn and encamp before Pihahiroth, between Migdol and the sea, over against Baalzephon: before it shall ye encamp by the sea.	
Exodus 14:23	And the Egyptians pursued, and went in after them to the midst of the sea, even all Pharaoh's horses, his chariots, and his horsemen.	
Exodus 14:28	And the waters returned, and covered the chariots, and the horsemen, and all the host of Pharaoh that came into the sea after them; there remained not so much as one of them.	
Exodus 14:3	For Pharaoh will say of the children of Israel, They are entangled in the land, the wilderness hath shut them in.	
Exodus 14:31	And Israel saw that great work which the LORD did upon the Egyptians: and the people feared the LORD, and believed the LORD, and his servant Moses.	
Exodus 14:5	And it was told the king of Egypt that the people fled: and the heart of Pharaoh and of his servants was turned against the people, and they said, Why have we done this, that we have let Israel go from serving us?	
Exodus 15:13	Thou in thy mercy hast led forth the people which thou hast redeemed: thou hast guided them in thy strength unto thy holy habitation.	
Exodus 15:17	Thou shalt bring them in, and plant them in the mountain of thine inheritance, in the place, O LORD, which thou hast made for thee to dwell in, in the Sanctuary, O LORD, which thy hands have established.	
Exodus 15:4	Pharaoh's chariots and his host hath he cast into the sea: his chosen captains also are drowned in the Red sea.	
Exodus 15:8	And with the blast of thy nostrils the waters were gathered together, the floods stood upright as an heap, and the depths were congealed in the heart of the sea.	
Exodus 16:1	And they took their journey from Elim, and all the congregation of the children of Israel came unto the wilderness of Sin, which is between Elim and Sinai, on the fifteenth day of the second month after their departing out of the land of Egypt.	
Exodus 16:10	And it came to pass, as Aaron spake unto the whole congregation of the children of Israel, that they looked toward the wilderness, and, behold, the glory of the LORD appeared in the cloud.	
Exodus 16:12	I have heard the murmurings of the children of Israel: speak unto them, saying, At even ye shall eat flesh, and in the morning ye shall be filled with bread; and ye shall know that I am the LORD your God.	
Exodus 16:13	And it came to pass, that at even the quails came up, and covered the camp: and in the morning the dew lay round about the host.	
Exodus 16:16	This is the thing which the LORD hath commanded, Gather of it every man according to his eating, an omer for every man, according to the number of your persons; take ye every man for them which are in his tents.	
Exodus 16:17	And the children of Israel did so, and gathered, some more, some less.	
Exodus 16:2	And the whole congregation of the children of Israel murmured against Moses and Aaron in the wilderness:	
Exodus 16:22	And it came to pass, that on the sixth day they gathered twice as much bread, two omers for one man: and all the rulers of the congregation came and told Moses.	
Exodus 16:28	And the LORD said unto Moses, How long refuse ye to keep my commandments and my laws?	
Exodus 16:3	And the children of Israel said unto them, Would to God we had died by the hand of the LORD in the land of Egypt, when we sat by the flesh pots, and when we did eat bread to the full; for ye have brought us forth into this wilderness, to kill this whole assembly with hunger.	
Exodus 16:35	And the children of Israel did eat manna forty years, until they came to a land inhabited; they did eat manna, until they came unto the borders of the land of Canaan.	
Exodus 17:1	And all the congregation of the children of Israel journeyed from the wilderness of Sin, after their journeys, according to the commandment of the LORD, and pitched in Rephidim: and there was no water for the people to drink.	
Exodus 17:5	And the LORD said unto Moses, Go on before the people, and take with thee of the elders of Israel; and thy rod, wherewith thou smotest the river, take in thine hand, and go.	
Exodus 17:7	And he called the name of the place Massah, and Meribah, because of the chiding of the children of Israel, and because they tempted the LORD, saying, Is the LORD among us, or not?	
Exodus 17:9	And Moses said unto Joshua, Choose us out men, and go out, fight with Amalek: to morrow I will stand on the top of the hill with the rod of God in mine hand.	
Exodus 18:12	And Jethro, Moses' father in law, took a burnt offering and sacrifices for God: and Aaron came, and all the elders of Israel, to eat bread with Moses' father in law before God.	
Exodus 18:17	And Moses' father in law said unto him, The thing that thou doest is not good.	
Exodus 18:20	And thou shalt teach them ordinances and laws, and shalt show them the way wherein they must walk, and the work that they must do.	
Exodus 18:21	Moreover thou shalt provide out of all the people able men, such as fear God, men of truth, hating covetousness; and place such over them, to be rulers of thousands, and rulers of hundreds, rulers of fifties, and rulers of tens:	
Exodus 18:22	And let them judge the people at all seasons: and it shall be, that every great matter they shall bring unto thee, but every small matter they shall judge: so shall it be easier for thyself, and they shall bear the burden with thee.	
Exodus 18:23	If thou shalt do this thing, and God command thee so, then thou shalt be able to endure, and all this people shall also go to their place in peace.	
Exodus 18:27	And Moses let his father in law depart; and he went his way into his own land.	
Exodus 18:4	And the name of the other was Eliezer; for the God of my father, said he, was mine help, and delivered me from the sword of Pharaoh:	
Exodus 18:6	And he said unto Moses, I thy father in law Jethro am come unto thee, and thy wife, and her two sons with her.	
Exodus 18:8	And Moses told his father in law all that the LORD had done unto Pharaoh and to the Egyptians for Israel's sake, and all the travail that had come upon them by the way, and how the LORD delivered them.	
Exodus 19:11	And be ready against the third day: for the third day the LORD will come down in the sight of all the people upon mount Sinai.	
Exodus 19:12	And thou shalt set bounds unto the people round about, saying, Take heed to yourselves, that ye go not up into the mount, or touch the border of it: whosoever toucheth the mount shall be surely put to death:	
Exodus 19:13	There shall not an hand touch it, but he shall surely be stoned, or shot through; whether it be beast or man, it shall not live: when the trumpet soundeth long, they shall come up to the mount.	
Exodus 19:16	And it came to pass on the third day in the morning, that there were thunders and lightnings, and a thick cloud upon the mount, and the voice of the trumpet exceeding loud; so that all the people that was in the camp trembled.	
Exodus 19:18	And mount Sinai was altogether on a smoke, because the LORD descended upon it in fire: and the smoke thereof ascended as the smoke of a furnace, and the whole mount quaked greatly.	
Exodus 19:19	And when the voice of the trumpet sounded long, and waxed louder and louder, Moses spake, and God answered him by a voice.	
Exodus 19:25	So Moses went down unto the people, and spake unto them.	
Exodus 19:6	And ye shall be unto me a kingdom of priests, and an holy nation. These are the words which thou shalt speak unto the children of Israel.	
Exodus 19:7	And Moses came and called for the elders of the people, and laid before their faces all these words which the LORD commanded him.	
Exodus 19:9	And the LORD said unto Moses, Lo, I come unto thee in a thick cloud, that the people may hear when I speak with thee, and believe thee for ever. And Moses told the words of the people unto the LORD.	
Exodus 1:1	Now these are the names of the children of Israel, which came into Egypt; every man and his household came with Jacob.	
Exodus 1:14	And they made their lives bitter with hard bondage, in mortar, and in brick, and in all manner of service in the field: all their service, wherein they made them serve, was with rigor.	
Exodus 20:12	Honor thy father and thy mother: that thy days may be long upon the land which the LORD thy God giveth thee.	
Exodus 20:13	Thou shalt not kill.	
Exodus 20:17	Thou shalt not covet thy neighbor's house, thou shalt not covet thy neighbor's wife, nor his manservant, nor his maidservant, nor his ox, nor his ass, nor any thing that is thy neighbor's.	
Exodus 20:18	And all the people saw the thunderings, and the lightnings, and the noise of the trumpet, and the mountain smoking: and when the people saw it, they removed, and stood afar off.	
Exodus 20:19	And they said unto Moses, Speak thou with us, and we will hear: but let not God speak with us, lest we die.	
Exodus 20:20	And Moses said unto the people, Fear not: for God is come to prove you, and that his fear may be before your faces, that ye sin not.	
Exodus 20:21	And the people stood afar off, and Moses drew near unto the thick darkness where God was.	
Exodus 20:23	Ye shall not make with me gods of silver, neither shall ye make unto you gods of gold.	
Exodus 20:6	And showing mercy unto thousands of them that love me, and keep my commandments.	
Exodus 20:9	Six days shalt thou labor, and do all thy work:	
Exodus 21:1	Now these are the judgments which thou shalt set before them.	
Exodus 21:11	And if he do not these three unto her, then shall she go out free without money.	
Exodus 21:17	And he that curseth his father, or his mother, shall surely be put to death.	
Exodus 21:18	And if men strive together, and one smite another with a stone, or with his fist, and he die not, but keepeth his bed:	
Exodus 21:22	If men strive, and hurt a woman with child, so that her fruit depart from her, and yet no mischief follow: he shall be surely punished, according as the woman's husband will lay upon him; and he shall pay as the judges determine.	
Exodus 21:24	Eye for eye, tooth for tooth, hand for hand, foot for foot,	
Exodus 21:29	But if the ox were wont to push with his horn in time past, and it hath been testified to his owner, and he hath not kept him in, but that he hath killed a man or a woman; the ox shall be stoned, and his owner also shall be put to death.	
Exodus 21:3	If he came in by himself, he shall go out by himself: if he were married, then his wife shall go out with him.	
Exodus 21:31	Whether he have gored a son, or have gored a daughter, according to this judgment shall it be done unto him.	
Exodus 21:34	The owner of the pit shall make it good, and give money unto the owner of them; and the dead beast shall be his.	
Exodus 21:4	If his master have given him a wife, and she have born him sons or daughters; the wife and her children shall be her master's, and he shall go out by himself.	
Exodus 21:6	Then his master shall bring him unto the judges; he shall also bring him to the door, or unto the door post; and his master shall bore his ear through with an awl; and he shall serve him for ever.	
Exodus 21:9	And if he have betrothed her unto his son, he shall deal with her after the manner of daughters.	
Exodus 22:1	If a man shall steal an ox, or a sheep, and kill it, or sell it; he shall restore five oxen for an ox, and four sheep for a sheep.	
Exodus 22:11	Then shall an oath of the LORD be between them both, that he hath not put his hand unto his neighbor's goods; and the owner of it shall accept thereof, and he shall not make it good.	
Exodus 22:13	If it be torn in pieces, then let him bring it for witness, and he shall not make good that which was torn.	
Exodus 22:14	And if a man borrow ought of his neighbor, and it be hurt, or die, the owner thereof being not with it, he shall surely make it good.	
Exodus 22:17	If her father utterly refuse to give her unto him, he shall pay money according to the dowry of virgins.	
Exodus 22:19	Whosoever lieth with a beast shall surely be put to death.	
Exodus 22:21	Thou shalt neither vex a stranger, nor oppress him: for ye were strangers in the land of Egypt.	
Exodus 22:26	If thou at all take thy neighbor's raiment to pledge, thou shalt deliver it unto him by that the sun goeth down:	
Exodus 22:3	If the sun be risen upon him, there shall be blood shed for him; for he should make full restitution; if he have nothing, then he shall be sold for his theft.	
Exodus 22:4	If the theft be certainly found in his hand alive, whether it be ox, or ass, or sheep; he shall restore double.	
Exodus 22:6	If fire break out, and catch in thorns, so that the stacks of corn, or the standing corn, or the field, be consumed therewith; he that kindled the fire shall surely make restitution.	
Exodus 22:8	If the thief be not found, then the master of the house shall be brought unto the judges, to see whether he have put his hand unto his neighbor's goods.	
Exodus 22:9	For all manner of trespass, whether it be for ox, for ass, for sheep, for raiment, or for any manner of lost thing which another challengeth to be his, the cause of both parties shall come before the judges; and whom the judges shall condemn, he shall pay double unto his neighbor.	
Exodus 23:1	Thou shalt not raise a false report: put not thine hand with the wicked to be an unrighteous witness.	
Exodus 23:11	But the seventh year thou shalt let it rest and lie still; that the poor of thy people may eat: and what they leave the beasts of the field shall eat. In like manner thou shalt deal with thy vineyard, and with thy oliveyard.	
Exodus 23:12	Six days thou shalt do thy work, and on the seventh day thou shalt rest: that thine ox and thine ass may rest, and the son of thy handmaid, and the stranger, may be refreshed.	
Exodus 23:18	Thou shalt not offer the blood of my sacrifice with leavened bread; neither shall the fat of my sacrifice remain until the morning.	
Exodus 23:20	Behold, I send an Angel before thee, to keep thee in the way, and to bring thee into the place which I have prepared.	
Exodus 23:22	But if thou shalt indeed obey his voice, and do all that I speak; then I will be an enemy unto thine enemies, and an adversary unto thine adversaries.	
Exodus 23:23	For mine Angel shall go before thee, and bring thee in unto the Amorites, and the Hittites, and the Perizzites, and the Canaanites, the Hivites, and the Jebusites: and I will cut them off.	
Exodus 23:3	Neither shalt thou countenance a poor man in his cause.	
Exodus 23:30	By little and little I will drive them out from before thee, until thou be increased, and inherit the land.	
Exodus 23:31	And I will set thy bounds from the Red sea even unto the sea of the Philistines, and from the desert unto the river: for I will deliver the inhabitants of the land into your hand; and thou shalt drive them out before thee.	
Exodus 23:32	Thou shalt make no covenant with them, nor with their gods.	
Exodus 23:5	If thou see the ass of him that hateth thee lying under his burden, and wouldest forbear to help him, thou shalt surely help with him.	
Exodus 23:8	And thou shalt take no gift: for the gift blindeth the wise, and perverteth the words of the righteous.	
Exodus 24:11	And upon the nobles of the children of Israel he laid not his hand: also they saw God, and did eat and drink.	
Exodus 24:7	And he took the book of the covenant, and read in the audience of the people: and they said, All that the LORD hath said will we do, and be obedient.	
Exodus 24:8	And Moses took the blood, and sprinkled it on the people, and said, Behold the blood of the covenant, which the LORD hath made with you concerning all these words.	
Exodus 25:12	And thou shalt cast four rings of gold for it, and put them in the four corners thereof; and two rings shall be in the one side of it, and two rings in the other side of it.	
Exodus 25:14	And thou shalt put the staves into the rings by the sides of the ark, that the ark may be borne with them.	
Exodus 25:16	And thou shalt put into the ark the testimony which I shall give thee.	
Exodus 25:17	And thou shalt make a mercy seat of pure gold: two cubits and a half shall be the length thereof, and a cubit and a half the breadth thereof.	
Exodus 25:18	And thou shalt make two cherubim of gold, of beaten work shalt thou make them, in the two ends of the mercy seat.	
Exodus 25:2	Speak unto the children of Israel, that they bring me an offering: of every man that giveth it willingly with his heart ye shall take my offering.	
Exodus 25:21	And thou shalt put the mercy seat above upon the ark; and in the ark thou shalt put the testimony that I shall give thee.	
Exodus 25:23	Thou shalt also make a table of shittim wood: two cubits shall be the length thereof, and a cubit the breadth thereof, and a cubit and a half the height thereof.	
Exodus 25:24	And thou shalt overlay it with pure gold, and make thereto a crown of gold round about.	
Exodus 25:25	And thou shalt make unto it a border of an hand breadth round about, and thou shalt make a golden crown to the border thereof round about.	
Exodus 25:30	And thou shalt set upon the table showbread before me always.	
Exodus 25:31	And thou shalt make a candlestick of pure gold: of beaten work shall the candlestick be made: his shaft, and his branches, his bowls, his knops, and his flowers, shall be of the same.	
Exodus 25:39	Of a talent of pure gold shall he make it, with all these vessels.	
Exodus 25:4	And blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine linen, and goats' hair,	
Exodus 25:6	Oil for the light, spices for anointing oil, and for sweet incense,	
Exodus 26:11	And thou shalt make fifty taches of brass, and put the taches into the loops, and couple the tent together, that it may be one.	
Exodus 26:14	And thou shalt make a covering for the tent of rams' skins dyed red, and a covering above of badgers' skins.	
Exodus 26:16	Ten cubits shall be the length of a board, and a cubit and a half shall be the breadth of one board.	
Exodus 26:19	And thou shalt make forty sockets of silver under the twenty boards; two sockets under one board for his two tenons, and two sockets under another board for his two tenons.	
Exodus 26:21	And their forty sockets of silver; two sockets under one board, and two sockets under another board.	
Exodus 26:24	And they shall be coupled together beneath, and they shall be coupled together above the head of it unto one ring: thus shall it be for them both; they shall be for the two corners.	
Exodus 26:30	And thou shalt rear up the tabernacle according to the fashion thereof which was showed thee in the mount.	
Exodus 26:31	And thou shalt make a vail of blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen of cunning work: with cherubim shall it be made:	
Exodus 26:37	And thou shalt make for the hanging five pillars of shittim wood, and overlay them with gold, and their hooks shall be of gold: and thou shalt cast five sockets of brass for them.	
Exodus 26:7	And thou shalt make curtains of goats' hair to be a covering upon the tabernacle: eleven curtains shalt thou make.	
Exodus 27:14	The hangings of one side of the gate shall be fifteen cubits: their pillars three, and their sockets three.	
Exodus 27:19	All the vessels of the tabernacle in all the service thereof, and all the pins thereof, and all the pins of the court, shall be of brass.	
Exodus 27:20	And thou shalt command the children of Israel, that they bring thee pure oil olive beaten for the light, to cause the lamp to burn always.	
Exodus 27:4	And thou shalt make for it a grate of network of brass; and upon the net shalt thou make four brazen rings in the four corners thereof.	
Exodus 28:10	Six of their names on one stone, and the other six names of the rest on the other stone, according to their birth.	
Exodus 28:11	With the work of an engraver in stone, like the engravings of a signet, shalt thou engrave the two stones with the names of the children of Israel: thou shalt make them to be set in ouches of gold.	
Exodus 28:2	And thou shalt make holy garments for Aaron thy brother for glory and for beauty.	
Exodus 28:21	And the stones shall be with the names of the children of Israel, twelve, according to their names, like the engravings of a signet; every one with his name shall they be according to the twelve tribes.	
Exodus 28:23	And thou shalt make upon the breastplate two rings of gold, and shalt put the two rings on the two ends of the breastplate.	
Exodus 28:26	And thou shalt make two rings of gold, and thou shalt put them upon the two ends of the breastplate in the border thereof, which is in the side of the ephod inward.	
Exodus 28:28	And they shall bind the breastplate by the rings thereof unto the rings of the ephod with a lace of blue, that it may be above the curious girdle of the ephod, and that the breastplate be not loosed from the ephod.	
Exodus 28:33	And beneath upon the hem of it thou shalt make pomegranates of blue, and of purple, and of scarlet, round about the hem thereof; and bells of gold between them round about:	
Exodus 28:36	And thou shalt make a plate of pure gold, and grave upon it, like the engravings of a signet, HOLINESS TO THE LORD.	
Exodus 28:39	And thou shalt embroider the coat of fine linen, and thou shalt make the mitre of fine linen, and thou shalt make the girdle of needlework.	
Exodus 28:5	And they shall take gold, and blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine linen.	
Exodus 28:9	And thou shalt take two onyx stones, and grave on them the names of the children of Israel:	
Exodus 29:10	And thou shalt cause a bullock to be brought before the tabernacle of the congregation: and Aaron and his sons shall put their hands upon the head of the bullock.	
Exodus 29:11	And thou shalt kill the bullock before the LORD, by the door of the tabernacle of the congregation.	
Exodus 29:17	And thou shalt cut the ram in pieces, and wash the inwards of him, and his legs, and put them unto his pieces, and unto his head.	
Exodus 29:25	And thou shalt receive them of their hands, and burn them upon the altar for a burnt offering, for a sweet savor before the LORD: it is an offering made by fire unto the LORD.	
Exodus 29:26	And thou shalt take the breast of the ram of Aaron's consecration, and wave it for a wave offering before the LORD: and it shall be thy part.	
Exodus 29:27	And thou shalt sanctify the breast of the wave offering, and the shoulder of the heave offering, which is waved, and which is heaved up, of the ram of the consecration, even of that which is for Aaron, and of that which is for his sons:	
Exodus 29:3	And thou shalt put them into one basket, and bring them in the basket, with the bullock and the two rams.	
Exodus 29:32	And Aaron and his sons shall eat the flesh of the ram, and the bread that is in the basket by the door of the tabernacle of the congregation.	
Exodus 29:34	And if ought of the flesh of the consecrations, or of the bread, remain unto the morning, then thou shalt burn the remainder with fire: it shall not be eaten, because it is holy.	
Exodus 29:36	And thou shalt offer every day a bullock for a sin offering for atonement: and thou shalt cleanse the altar, when thou hast made an atonement for it, and thou shalt anoint it, to sanctify it.	
Exodus 29:41	And the other lamb thou shalt offer at even, and shalt do thereto according to the meat offering of the morning, and according to the drink offering thereof, for a sweet savor, an offering made by fire unto the LORD.	
Exodus 29:44	And I will sanctify the tabernacle of the congregation, and the altar: I will sanctify also both Aaron and his sons, to minister to me in the priest's office.	
Exodus 29:45	And I will dwell among the children of Israel, and will be their God.	
Exodus 29:46	And they shall know that I am the LORD their God, that brought them forth out of the land of Egypt, that I may dwell among them: I am the LORD their God.	
Exodus 29:5	And thou shalt take the garments, and put upon Aaron the coat, and the robe of the ephod, and the ephod, and the breastplate, and gird him with the curious girdle of the ephod:	
Exodus 29:8	And thou shalt bring his sons, and put coats upon them.	
Exodus 2:10	And the child grew, and she brought him unto Pharaoh's daughter, and he became her son. And she called his name Moses: and she said, Because I drew him out of the water.	
Exodus 2:12	And he looked this way and that way, and when he saw that there was no man, he slew the Egyptian, and hid him in the sand.	
Exodus 2:14	And he said, Who made thee a prince and a judge over us? intendest thou to kill me, as thou killedst the Egyptian? And Moses feared, and said, Surely this thing is known.	
Exodus 2:16	Now the priest of Midian had seven daughters: and they came and drew water, and filled the troughs to water their father's flock.	
Exodus 2:18	And when they came to Reuel their father, he said, How is it that ye are come so soon to day?	
Exodus 2:22	And she bare him a son, and he called his name Gershom: for he said, I have been a stranger in a strange land.	
Exodus 2:4	And his sister stood afar off, to wit what would be done to him.	
Exodus 2:6	And when she had opened it, she saw the child: and, behold, the babe wept. And she had compassion on him, and said, This is one of the Hebrews' children.	
Exodus 2:7	Then said his sister to Pharaoh's daughter, Shall I go and call to thee a nurse of the Hebrew women, that she may nurse the child for thee?	
Exodus 30:10	And Aaron shall make an atonement upon the horns of it once in a year with the blood of the sin offering of atonements: once in the year shall he make atonement upon it throughout your generations: it is most holy unto the LORD.	
Exodus 30:14	Every one that passeth among them that are numbered, from twenty years old and above, shall give an offering unto the LORD.	
Exodus 30:2	A cubit shall be the length thereof, and a cubit the breadth thereof; foursquare shall it be: and two cubits shall be the height thereof: the horns thereof shall be of the same.	
Exodus 30:20	When they go into the tabernacle of the congregation, they shall wash with water, that they die not; or when they come near to the altar to minister, to burn offering made by fire unto the LORD:	
Exodus 30:26	And thou shalt anoint the tabernacle of the congregation therewith, and the ark of the testimony,	
Exodus 30:30	And thou shalt anoint Aaron and his sons, and consecrate them, that they may minister unto me in the priest's office.	
Exodus 30:32	Upon man's flesh shall it not be poured, neither shall ye make any other like it, after the composition of it: it is holy, and it shall be holy unto you.	
Exodus 30:5	And thou shalt make the staves of shittim wood, and overlay them with gold.	
Exodus 30:6	And thou shalt put it before the vail that is by the ark of the testimony, before the mercy seat that is over the testimony, where I will meet with thee.	
Exodus 30:9	Ye shall offer no strange incense thereon, nor burnt sacrifice, nor meat offering; neither shall ye pour drink offering thereon.	
Exodus 31:14	Ye shall keep the sabbath therefore; for it is holy unto you: every one that defileth it shall surely be put to death: for whosoever doeth any work therein, that soul shall be cut off from among his people.	
Exodus 31:2	See, I have called by name Bezaleel the son of Uri, the son of Hur, of the tribe of Judah:	
Exodus 32:1	And when the people saw that Moses delayed to come down out of the mount, the people gathered themselves together unto Aaron, and said unto him, Up, make us gods, which shall go before us; for as for this Moses, the man that brought us up out of the land of Egypt, we wot not what is become of him.	
Exodus 32:11	And Moses besought the LORD his God, and said, LORD, why doth thy wrath wax hot against thy people, which thou hast brought forth out of the land of Egypt with great power, and with a mighty hand?	
Exodus 32:13	Remember Abraham, Isaac, and Israel, thy servants, to whom thou swarest by thine own self, and saidst unto them, I will multiply your seed as the stars of heaven, and all this land that I have spoken of will I give unto your seed, and they shall inherit it for ever.	
Exodus 32:16	And the tables were the work of God, and the writing was the writing of God, graven upon the tables.	
Exodus 32:20	And he took the calf which they had made, and burnt it in the fire, and ground it to powder, and strewed it upon the water, and made the children of Israel drink of it.	
Exodus 32:21	And Moses said unto Aaron, What did this people unto thee, that thou hast brought so great a sin upon them?	
Exodus 32:24	And I said unto them, Whosoever hath any gold, let them break it off. So they gave it me: then I cast it into the fire, and there came out this calf.	
Exodus 32:28	And the children of Levi did according to the word of Moses: and there fell of the people that day about three thousand men.	
Exodus 32:29	For Moses had said, Consecrate yourselves today to the LORD, even every man upon his son, and upon his brother; that he may bestow upon you a blessing this day.	
Exodus 32:31	And Moses returned unto the LORD, and said, Oh, this people have sinned a great sin, and have made them gods of gold.	
Exodus 32:35	And the LORD plagued the people, because they made the calf, which Aaron made.	
Exodus 32:6	And they rose up early on the morrow, and offered burnt offerings, and brought peace offerings; and the people sat down to eat and to drink, and rose up to play.	
Exodus 32:8	They have turned aside quickly out of the way which I commanded them: they have made them a molten calf, and have worshipped it, and have sacrificed thereunto, and said, These be thy gods, O Israel, which have brought thee up out of the land of Egypt.	
Exodus 33:10	And all the people saw the cloudy pillar stand at the tabernacle door: and all the people rose up and worshipped, every man in his tent door.	
Exodus 33:16	For wherein shall it be known here that I and thy people have found grace in thy sight? is it not in that thou goest with us? so shall we be separated, I and thy people, from all the people that are upon the face of the earth.	
Exodus 33:18	And he said, I beseech thee, show me thy glory.	
Exodus 33:2	And I will send an angel before thee; and I will drive out the Canaanite, the Amorite, and the Hittite, and the Perizzite, the Hivite, and the Jebusite:	
Exodus 33:5	For the LORD had said unto Moses, Say unto the children of Israel, Ye are a stiffnecked people: I will come up into the midst of thee in a moment, and consume thee: therefore now put off thy ornaments from thee, that I may know what to do unto thee.	
Exodus 33:8	And it came to pass, when Moses went out unto the tabernacle, that all the people rose up, and stood every man at his tent door, and looked after Moses, until he was gone into the tabernacle.	
Exodus 34:1	And the LORD said unto Moses, Hew thee two tables of stone like unto the first: and I will write upon these tables the words that were in the first tables, which thou brakest.	
Exodus 34:15	Lest thou make a covenant with the inhabitants of the land, and they go a whoring after their gods, and do sacrifice unto their gods, and one call thee, and thou eat of his sacrifice;	
Exodus 34:16	And thou take of their daughters unto thy sons, and their daughters go a whoring after their gods, and make thy sons go a whoring after their gods.	
Exodus 34:2	And be ready in the morning, and come up in the morning unto mount Sinai, and present thyself there to me in the top of the mount.	
Exodus 34:21	Six days thou shalt work, but on the seventh day thou shalt rest: in earing time and in harvest thou shalt rest.	
Exodus 34:29	And it came to pass, when Moses came down from mount Sinai with the two tables of testimony in Moses' hand, when he came down from the mount, that Moses wist not that the skin of his face shone while he talked with him.	
Exodus 34:30	And when Aaron and all the children of Israel saw Moses, behold, the skin of his face shone; and they were afraid to come nigh him.	
Exodus 34:32	And afterward all the children of Israel came nigh: and he gave them in commandment all that the LORD had spoken with him in mount Sinai.	
Exodus 34:4	And he hewed two tables of stone like unto the first; and Moses rose up early in the morning, and went up unto mount Sinai, as the LORD had commanded him, and took in his hand the two tables of stone.	
Exodus 34:6	And the LORD passed by before him, and proclaimed, The LORD, The LORD God, merciful and gracious, long-suffering, and abundant in goodness and truth,	
Exodus 35:1	And Moses gathered all the congregation of the children of Israel together, and said unto them, These are the words which the LORD hath commanded, that ye should do them.	
Exodus 35:25	And all the women that were wise hearted did spin with their hands, and brought that which they had spun, both of blue, and of purple, and of scarlet, and of fine linen.	
Exodus 35:27	And the rulers brought onyx stones, and stones to be set, for the ephod, and for the breastplate;	
Exodus 35:3	Ye shall kindle no fire throughout your habitations upon the sabbath day.	
Exodus 35:30	And Moses said unto the children of Israel, See, the LORD hath called by name Bezaleel the son of Uri, the son of Hur, of the tribe of Judah;	
Exodus 35:35	Them hath he filled with wisdom of heart, to work all manner of work, of the engraver, and of the cunning workman, and of the embroiderer, in blue, and in purple, in scarlet, and in fine linen, and of the weaver, even of them that do any work, and of those that devise cunning work.	
Exodus 35:5	Take ye from among you an offering unto the LORD: whosoever is of a willing heart, let him bring it, an offering of the LORD; gold, and silver, and brass,	
Exodus 35:7	And rams' skins dyed red, and badgers' skins, and shittim wood,	
Exodus 35:8	And oil for the light, and spices for anointing oil, and for the sweet incense,	
Exodus 35:9	And onyx stones, and stones to be set for the ephod, and for the breastplate.	
Exodus 36:1	Then wrought Bezaleel and Aholiab, and every wise hearted man, in whom the LORD put wisdom and understanding to know how to work all manner of work for the service of the sanctuary, according to all that the LORD had commanded.	
Exodus 36:11	And he made loops of blue on the edge of one curtain from the selvedge in the coupling: likewise he made in the uttermost side of another curtain, in the coupling of the second.	
Exodus 36:12	Fifty loops made he in one curtain, and fifty loops made he in the edge of the curtain which was in the coupling of the second: the loops held one curtain to another.	
Exodus 36:14	And he made curtains of goats' hair for the tent over the tabernacle: eleven curtains he made them.	
Exodus 36:16	And he coupled five curtains by themselves, and six curtains by themselves.	
Exodus 36:17	And he made fifty loops upon the uttermost edge of the curtain in the coupling, and fifty loops made he upon the edge of the curtain which coupleth the second.	
Exodus 36:2	And Moses called Bezaleel and Aholiab, and every wise hearted man, in whose heart the LORD had put wisdom, even every one whose heart stirred him up to come unto the work to do it:	
Exodus 36:22	One board had two tenons, equally distant one from another: thus did he make for all the boards of the tabernacle.	
Exodus 36:37	And he made an hanging for the tabernacle door of blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen, of needlework;	
Exodus 36:9	The length of one curtain was twenty and eight cubits, and the breadth of one curtain four cubits: the curtains were all of one size.	
Exodus 37:12	Also he made thereunto a border of an handbreadth round about; and made a crown of gold for the border thereof round about.	
Exodus 37:15	And he made the staves of shittim wood, and overlaid them with gold, to bear the table.	
Exodus 37:16	And he made the vessels which were upon the table, his dishes, and his spoons, and his bowls, and his covers to cover withal, of pure gold.	
Exodus 37:18	And six branches going out of the sides thereof; three branches of the candlestick out of the one side thereof, and three branches of the candlestick out of the other side thereof:	
Exodus 37:19	Three bowls made after the fashion of almonds in one branch, a knop and a flower; and three bowls made like almonds in another branch, a knop and a flower: so throughout the six branches going out of the candlestick.	
Exodus 37:23	And he made his seven lamps, and his snuffers, and his snuffdishes, of pure gold.	
Exodus 37:25	And he made the incense altar of shittim wood: the length of it was a cubit, and the breadth of it a cubit; it was foursquare; and two cubits was the height of it; the horns thereof were of the same.	
Exodus 37:28	And he made the staves of shittim wood, and overlaid them with gold.	
Exodus 37:8	One cherub on the end on this side, and another cherub on the other end on that side: out of the mercy seat made he the cherubim on the two ends thereof.	
Exodus 38:10	Their pillars were twenty, and their brazen sockets twenty; the hooks of the pillars and their fillets were of silver.	
Exodus 38:14	The hangings of the one side of the gate were fifteen cubits; their pillars three, and their sockets three.	
Exodus 38:20	And all the pins of the tabernacle, and of the court round about, were of brass.	
Exodus 38:22	And Bezaleel the son Uri, the son of Hur, of the tribe of Judah, made all that the LORD commanded Moses.	
Exodus 38:24	All the gold that was occupied for the work in all the work of the holy place, even the gold of the offering, was twenty and nine talents, and seven hundred and thirty shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary.	
Exodus 38:5	And he cast four rings for the four ends of the grate of brass, to be places for the staves.	
Exodus 38:6	And he made the staves of shittim wood, and overlaid them with brass.	
Exodus 38:7	And he put the staves into the rings on the sides of the altar, to bear it withal; he made the altar hollow with boards.	
Exodus 38:8	And he made the laver of brass, and the foot of it of brass, of the lookingglasses of the women assembling, which assembled at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation.	
Exodus 38:9	And he made the court: on the south side southward the hangings of the court were of fine twined linen, an hundred cubits:	
Exodus 39:12	And the third row, a ligure, an agate, and an amethyst.	
Exodus 39:15	And they made upon the breastplate chains at the ends, of wreathed work of pure gold.	
Exodus 39:16	And they made two ouches of gold, and two gold rings; and put the two rings in the two ends of the breastplate.	
Exodus 39:18	And the two ends of the two wreathed chains they fastened in the two ouches, and put them on the shoulderpieces of the ephod, before it.	
Exodus 39:2	And he made the ephod of gold, blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen.	
Exodus 39:22	And he made the robe of the ephod of woven work, all of blue.	
Exodus 39:3	And they did beat the gold into thin plates, and cut it into wires, to work it in the blue, and in the purple, and in the scarlet, and in the fine linen, with cunning work.	
Exodus 39:30	And they made the plate of the holy crown of pure gold, and wrote upon it a writing, like to the engravings of a signet, HOLINESS TO THE LORD.	
Exodus 39:33	And they brought the tabernacle unto Moses, the tent, and all his furniture, his taches, his boards, his bars, and his pillars, and his sockets,	
Exodus 39:38	And the golden altar, and the anointing oil, and the sweet incense, and the hanging for the tabernacle door,	
Exodus 39:42	According to all that the LORD commanded Moses, so the children of Israel made all the work.	
Exodus 39:5	And the curious girdle of his ephod, that was upon it, was of the same, according to the work thereof; of gold, blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen; as the LORD commanded Moses.	
Exodus 39:6	And they wrought onyx stones inclosed in ouches of gold, graven, as signets are graven, with the names of the children of Israel.	
Exodus 3:13	And Moses said unto God, Behold, when I come unto the children of Israel, and shall say unto them, The God of your fathers hath sent me unto you; and they shall say to me, What is his name? what shall I say unto them?	
Exodus 3:17	And I have said, I will bring you up out of the affliction of Egypt unto the land of the Canaanites, and the Hittites, and the Amorites, and the Perizzites, and the Hivites, and the Jebusites, unto a land flowing with milk and honey.	
Exodus 3:5	And he said, Draw not nigh hither: put off thy shoes from off thy feet, for the place whereon thou standest is holy ground.	
Exodus 40:13	And thou shalt put upon Aaron the holy garments, and anoint him, and sanctify him; that he may minister unto me in the priest's office.	
Exodus 40:19	And he spread abroad the tent over the tabernacle, and put the covering of the tent above upon it; as the LORD commanded Moses.	
Exodus 40:21	And he brought the ark into the tabernacle, and set up the vail of the covering, and covered the ark of the testimony; as the LORD commanded Moses.	
Exodus 40:24	And he put the candlestick in the tent of the congregation, over against the table, on the side of the tabernacle southward.	
Exodus 40:25	And he lighted the lamps before the LORD; as the LORD commanded Moses.	
Exodus 40:29	And he put the altar of burnt offering by the door of the tabernacle of the tent of the congregation, and offered upon it the burnt offering and the meat offering; as the LORD commanded Moses.	
Exodus 40:3	And thou shalt put therein the ark of the testimony, and cover the ark with the vail.	
Exodus 40:33	And he reared up the court round about the tabernacle and the altar, and set up the hanging of the court gate. So Moses finished the work.	
Exodus 40:35	And Moses was not able to enter into the tent of the congregation, because the cloud abode thereon, and the glory of the LORD filled the tabernacle.	
Exodus 40:4	And thou shalt bring in the table, and set in order the things that are to be set in order upon it; and thou shalt bring in the candlestick, and light the lamps thereof.	
Exodus 40:5	And thou shalt set the altar of gold for the incense before the ark of the testimony, and put the hanging of the door to the tabernacle.	
Exodus 4:1	And Moses answered and said, But, behold, they will not believe me, nor hearken unto my voice: for they will say, The LORD hath not appeared unto thee.	
Exodus 4:12	Now therefore go, and I will be with thy mouth, and teach thee what thou shalt say.	
Exodus 4:15	And thou shalt speak unto him, and put words in his mouth: and I will be with thy mouth, and with his mouth, and will teach you what ye shall do.	
Exodus 4:17	And thou shalt take this rod in thine hand, wherewith thou shalt do signs.	
Exodus 4:20	And Moses took his wife and his sons, and set them upon an ass, and he returned to the land of Egypt: and Moses took the rod of God in his hand.	
Exodus 4:22	And thou shalt say unto Pharaoh, Thus saith the LORD, Israel is my son, even my firstborn:	
Exodus 4:3	And he said, Cast it on the ground. And he cast it on the ground, and it became a serpent; and Moses fled from before it.	
Exodus 4:31	And the people believed: and when they heard that the LORD had visited the children of Israel, and that he had looked upon their affliction, then they bowed their heads and worshipped.	
Exodus 4:8	And it shall come to pass, if they will not believe thee, neither hearken to the voice of the first sign, that they will believe the voice of the latter sign.	
Exodus 5:1	And afterward Moses and Aaron went in, and told Pharaoh, Thus saith the LORD God of Israel, Let my people go, that they may hold a feast unto me in the wilderness.	
Exodus 5:10	And the taskmasters of the people went out, and their officers, and they spake to the people, saying, Thus saith Pharaoh, I will not give you straw.	
Exodus 5:15	Then the officers of the children of Israel came and cried unto Pharaoh, saying, Wherefore dealest thou thus with thy servants?	
Exodus 5:2	And Pharaoh said, Who is the LORD, that I should obey his voice to let Israel go? I know not the LORD, neither will I let Israel go.	
Exodus 5:20	And they met Moses and Aaron, who stood in the way, as they came forth from Pharaoh:	
Exodus 5:4	And the king of Egypt said unto them, Wherefore do ye, Moses and Aaron, let the people from their works? get you unto your burdens.	
Exodus 5:6	And Pharaoh commanded the same day the taskmasters of the people, and their officers, saying,	
Exodus 6:12	And Moses spake before the LORD, saying, Behold, the children of Israel have not hearkened unto me; how then shall Pharaoh hear me, who am of uncircumcised lips?	
Exodus 6:16	And these are the names of the sons of Levi according to their generations; Gershon, and Kohath, and Merari: and the years of the life of Levi were an hundred thirty and seven years.	
Exodus 6:2	And God spake unto Moses, and said unto him, I am the LORD:	
Exodus 6:20	And Amram took him Jochebed his father's sister to wife; and she bare him Aaron and Moses: and the years of the life of Amram were an hundred and thirty and seven years.	
Exodus 6:21	And the sons of Izhar; Korah, and Nepheg, and Zichri.	
Exodus 6:26	These are that Aaron and Moses, to whom the LORD said, Bring out the children of Israel from the land of Egypt according to their armies.	
Exodus 6:29	That the LORD spake unto Moses, saying, I am the LORD: speak thou unto Pharaoh king of Egypt all that I say unto thee.	
Exodus 6:7	And I will take you to me for a people, and I will be to you a God: and ye shall know that I am the LORD your God, which bringeth you out from under the burdens of the Egyptians.	
Exodus 6:9	And Moses spake so unto the children of Israel: but they hearkened not unto Moses for anguish of spirit, and for cruel bondage.	
Exodus 7:5	And the Egyptians shall know that I am the LORD, when I stretch forth mine hand upon Egypt, and bring out the children of Israel from among them.	
Exodus 7:7	And Moses was fourscore years old, and Aaron fourscore and three years old, when they spake unto Pharaoh.	
Exodus 8:2	And if thou refuse to let them go, behold, I will smite all thy borders with frogs:	
Exodus 8:23	And I will put a division between my people and thy people: to morrow shall this sign be.	
Exodus 8:24	And the LORD did so; and there came a grievous swarm of flies into the house of Pharaoh, and into his servants' houses, and into all the land of Egypt: the land was corrupted by reason of the swarm of flies.	
Exodus 8:25	And Pharaoh called for Moses and for Aaron, and said, Go ye, sacrifice to your God in the land.	
Exodus 8:26	And Moses said, It is not meet so to do; for we shall sacrifice the abomination of the Egyptians to the LORD our God: lo, shall we sacrifice the abomination of the Egyptians before their eyes, and will they not stone us?	
Exodus 8:27	We will go three days' journey into the wilderness, and sacrifice to the LORD our God, as he shall command us.	
Exodus 8:29	And Moses said, Behold, I go out from thee, and I will entreat the LORD that the swarms of flies may depart from Pharaoh, from his servants, and from his people, to morrow: but let not Pharaoh deal deceitfully any more in not letting the people go to sacrifice to the LORD.	
Exodus 8:31	And the LORD did according to the word of Moses; and he removed the swarms of flies from Pharaoh, from his servants, and from his people; there remained not one.	
Exodus 8:32	And Pharaoh hardened his heart at this time also, neither would he let the people go.	
Exodus 8:9	And Moses said unto Pharaoh, Glory over me: when shall I entreat for thee, and for thy servants, and for thy people, to destroy the frogs from thee and thy houses, that they may remain in the river only?	
Exodus 9:2	For if thou refuse to let them go, and wilt hold them still,	
Exodus 9:21	And he that regarded not the word of the LORD left his servants and his cattle in the field.	
Exodus 9:29	And Moses said unto him, As soon as I am gone out of the city, I will spread abroad my hands unto the LORD; and the thunder shall cease, neither shall there be any more hail; that thou mayest know how that the earth is the LORD's.	
Exodus 9:3	Behold, the hand of the LORD is upon thy cattle which is in the field, upon the horses, upon the asses, upon the camels, upon the oxen, and upon the sheep: there shall be a very grievous murrain.	
Exodus 9:4	And the LORD shall sever between the cattle of Israel and the cattle of Egypt: and there shall nothing die of all that is the children's of Israel.	
Exodus 9:5	And the LORD appointed a set time, saying, To morrow the LORD shall do this thing in the land.	
Exodus 9:6	And the LORD did that thing on the morrow, and all the cattle of Egypt died: but of the cattle of the children of Israel died not one.	
Ezekiel 10:10	And as for their appearances, they four had one likeness, as if a wheel had been in the midst of a wheel.	
Ezekiel 10:12	And their whole body, and their backs, and their hands, and their wings, and the wheels, were full of eyes round about, even the wheels that they four had.	
Ezekiel 10:2	And he spake unto the man clothed with linen, and said, Go in between the wheels, even under the cherub, and fill thine hand with coals of fire from between the cherubims, and scatter them over the city. And he went in in my sight.	
Ezekiel 10:4	Then the glory of the LORD went up from the cherub, and stood over the threshold of the house; and the house was filled with the cloud, and the court was full of the brightness of the LORD's glory.	
Ezekiel 10:8	And there appeared in the cherubims the form of a man's hand under their wings.	
Ezekiel 11:11	This city shall not be your caldron, neither shall ye be the flesh in the midst thereof; but I will judge you in the border of Israel:	
Ezekiel 11:14	Again the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,	
Ezekiel 11:15	Son of man, thy brethren, even thy brethren, the men of thy kindred, and all the house of Israel wholly, are they unto whom the inhabitants of Jerusalem have said, Get you far from the LORD: unto us is this land given in possession.	
Ezekiel 11:20	That they may walk in my statutes, and keep mine ordinances, and do them: and they shall be my people, and I will be their God.	
Ezekiel 12:10	Say thou unto them, Thus saith the Lord GOD; This burden concerneth the prince in Jerusalem, and all the house of Israel that are among them.	
Ezekiel 12:13	My net also will I spread upon him, and he shall be taken in my snare: and I will bring him to Babylon to the land of the Chaldeans; yet shall he not see it, though he shall die there.	
Ezekiel 12:14	And I will scatter toward every wind all that are about him to help him, and all his bands; and I will draw out the sword after them.	
Ezekiel 12:16	But I will leave a few men of them from the sword, from the famine, and from the pestilence; that they may declare all their abominations among the heathen whither they come; and they shall know that I am the LORD.	
Ezekiel 12:17	Moreover the word of the LORD came to me, saying,	
Ezekiel 12:2	Son of man, thou dwellest in the midst of a rebellious house, which have eyes to see, and see not; they have ears to hear, and hear not: for they are a rebellious house.	
Ezekiel 12:25	For I am the LORD: I will speak, and the word that I shall speak shall come to pass; it shall be no more prolonged: for in your days, O rebellious house, will I say the word, and will perform it, saith the Lord GOD.	
Ezekiel 13:21	Your kerchiefs also will I tear, and deliver my people out of your hand, and they shall be no more in your hand to be hunted; and ye shall know that I am the LORD.	
Ezekiel 13:23	Therefore ye shall see no more vanity, nor divine divinations: for I will deliver my people out of your hand: and ye shall know that I am the LORD.	
Ezekiel 13:7	Have ye not seen a vain vision, and have ye not spoken a lying divination, whereas ye say, The LORD saith it; albeit I have not spoken?	
Ezekiel 14:12	The word of the LORD came again to me, saying,	
Ezekiel 14:22	Yet, behold, therein shall be left a remnant that shall be brought forth, both sons and daughters: behold, they shall come forth unto you, and ye shall see their way and their doings: and ye shall be comforted concerning the evil that I have brought upon Jerusalem, even concerning all that I have brought upon it.	
Ezekiel 15:2	Son of man, what is the vine tree more than any tree, or than a branch which is among the trees of the forest?	
Ezekiel 15:8	And I will make the land desolate, because they have committed a trespass, saith the Lord GOD.	
Ezekiel 16:10	I clothed thee also with broidered work, and shod thee with badgers' skin, and I girded thee about with fine linen, and I covered thee with silk.	
Ezekiel 16:13	Thus wast thou decked with gold and silver; and thy raiment was of fine linen, and silk, and broidered work; thou didst eat fine flour, and honey, and oil: and thou wast exceeding beautiful, and thou didst prosper into a kingdom.	
Ezekiel 16:14	And thy renown went forth among the heathen for thy beauty: for it was perfect through my comeliness, which I had put upon thee, saith the Lord GOD.	
Ezekiel 16:15	But thou didst trust in thine own beauty, and playedst the harlot because of thy renown, and pouredst out thy fornications on every one that passed by; his it was.	
Ezekiel 16:18	And tookest thy broidered garments, and coveredst them: and thou hast set mine oil and mine incense before them.	
Ezekiel 16:2	Son of man, cause Jerusalem to know her abominations,	
Ezekiel 16:21	That thou hast slain my children, and delivered them to cause them to pass through the fire for them?	
Ezekiel 16:23	And it came to pass after all thy wickedness, (woe, woe unto thee! saith the LORD GOD;)	
Ezekiel 16:27	Behold, therefore I have stretched out my hand over thee, and have diminished thine ordinary food, and delivered thee unto the will of them that hate thee, the daughters of the Philistines, which are ashamed of thy lewd way.	
Ezekiel 16:28	Thou hast played the whore also with the Assyrians, because thou wast unsatiable; yea, thou hast played the harlot with them, and yet couldest not be satisfied.	
Ezekiel 16:33	They give gifts to all whores: but thou givest thy gifts to all thy lovers, and hirest them, that they may come unto thee on every side for thy whoredom.	
Ezekiel 16:34	And the contrary is in thee from other women in thy whoredoms, whereas none followeth thee to commit whoredoms: and in that thou givest a reward, and no reward is given unto thee, therefore thou art contrary.	
Ezekiel 16:38	And I will judge thee, as women that break wedlock and shed blood are judged; and I will give thee blood in fury and jealousy.	
Ezekiel 16:41	And they shall burn thine houses with fire, and execute judgments upon thee in the sight of many women: and I will cause thee to cease from playing the harlot, and thou also shalt give no hire any more.	
Ezekiel 16:48	As I live, saith the Lord GOD, Sodom thy sister hath not done, she nor her daughters, as thou hast done, thou and thy daughters.	
Ezekiel 16:49	Behold, this was the iniquity of thy sister Sodom, pride, fulness of bread, and abundance of idleness was in her and in her daughters, neither did she strengthen the hand of the poor and needy.	
Ezekiel 16:52	Thou also, which hast judged thy sisters, bear thine own shame for thy sins that thou hast committed more abominable than they: they are more righteous than thou: yea, be thou confounded also, and bear thy shame, in that thou hast justified thy sisters.	
Ezekiel 17:12	Say now to the rebellious house, Know ye not what these things mean? tell them, Behold, the king of Babylon is come to Jerusalem, and hath taken the king thereof, and the princes thereof, and led them with him to Babylon;	
Ezekiel 17:15	But he rebelled against him in sending his ambassadors into Egypt, that they might give him horses and much people. Shall he prosper? shall he escape that doeth such things? or shall he break the covenant, and be delivered?	
Ezekiel 17:17	Neither shall Pharaoh with his mighty army and great company make for him in the war, by casting up mounts, and building forts, to cut off many persons:	
Ezekiel 17:2	Son of man, put forth a riddle, and speak a parable unto the house of Israel;	
Ezekiel 17:21	And all his fugitives with all his bands shall fall by the sword, and they that remain shall be scattered toward all winds: and ye shall know that I the LORD have spoken it.	
Ezekiel 17:24	And all the trees of the field shall know that I the LORD have brought down the high tree, have exalted the low tree, have dried up the green tree, and have made the dry tree to flourish: I the LORD have spoken and have done it.	
Ezekiel 17:5	He took also of the seed of the land, and planted it in a fruitful field; he placed it by great waters, and set it as a willow tree.	
Ezekiel 17:6	And it grew, and became a spreading vine of low stature, whose branches turned toward him, and the roots thereof were under him: so it became a vine, and brought forth branches, and shot forth sprigs.	
Ezekiel 18:11	And that doeth not any of those duties, but even hath eaten upon the mountains, and defiled his neighbour's wife,	
Ezekiel 18:12	Hath oppressed the poor and needy, hath spoiled by violence, hath not restored the pledge, and hath lifted up his eyes to the idols, hath committed abomination,	
Ezekiel 18:2	What mean ye, that ye use this proverb concerning the land of Israel, saying, The fathers have eaten sour grapes, and the children's teeth are set on edge?	
Ezekiel 18:26	When a righteous man turneth away from his righteousness, and committeth iniquity, and dieth in them; for his iniquity that he hath done shall he die.	
Ezekiel 18:3	As I live, saith the Lord GOD, ye shall not have occasion any more to use this proverb in Israel.	
Ezekiel 18:30	Therefore I will judge you, O house of Israel, every one according to his ways, saith the Lord GOD. Repent, and turn yourselves from all your transgressions; so iniquity shall not be your ruin.	
Ezekiel 18:31	Cast away from you all your transgressions, whereby ye have transgressed; and make you a new heart and a new spirit: for why will ye die, O house of Israel?	
Ezekiel 18:8	He that hath not given forth upon usury, neither hath taken any increase, that hath withdrawn his hand from iniquity, hath executed true judgment between man and man,	
Ezekiel 19:11	And she had strong rods for the sceptres of them that bare rule, and her stature was exalted among the thick branches, and she appeared in her height with the multitude of her branches.	
Ezekiel 19:2	And say, What is thy mother? A lioness: she lay down among lions, she nourished her whelps among young lions.	
Ezekiel 1:10	As for the likeness of their faces, they four had the face of a man, and the face of a lion, on the right side: and they four had the face of an ox on the left side; they four also had the face of an eagle.	
Ezekiel 1:13	As for the likeness of the living creatures, their appearance was like burning coals of fire, and like the appearance of lamps: it went up and down among the living creatures; and the fire was bright, and out of the fire went forth lightning.	
Ezekiel 1:14	And the living creatures ran and returned as the appearance of a flash of lightning.	
Ezekiel 1:24	And when they went, I heard the noise of their wings, like the noise of great waters, as the voice of the Almighty, the voice of speech, as the noise of an host: when they stood, they let down their wings.	
Ezekiel 1:25	And there was a voice from the firmament that was over their heads, when they stood, and had let down their wings.	
Ezekiel 1:27	And I saw as the colour of amber, as the appearance of fire round about within it, from the appearance of his loins even upward, and from the appearance of his loins even downward, I saw as it were the appearance of fire, and it had brightness round about.	
Ezekiel 20:1	And it came to pass in the seventh year, in the fifth month, the tenth day of the month, that certain of the elders of Israel came to enquire of the LORD, and sat before me.	
Ezekiel 20:10	Wherefore I caused them to go forth out of the land of Egypt, and brought them into the wilderness.	
Ezekiel 20:11	And I gave them my statutes, and shewed them my judgments, which if a man do, he shall even live in them.	
Ezekiel 20:2	Then came the word of the LORD unto me, saying,	
Ezekiel 20:23	I lifted up mine hand unto them also in the wilderness, that I would scatter them among the heathen, and disperse them through the countries;	
Ezekiel 20:34	And I will bring you out from the people, and will gather you out of the countries wherein ye are scattered, with a mighty hand, and with a stretched out arm, and with fury poured out.	
Ezekiel 20:36	Like as I pleaded with your fathers in the wilderness of the land of Egypt, so will I plead with you, saith the Lord GOD.	
Ezekiel 20:4	Wilt thou judge them, son of man, wilt thou judge them? cause them to know the abominations of their fathers:	
Ezekiel 20:5	And say unto them, Thus saith the Lord GOD; In the day when I chose Israel, and lifted up mine hand unto the seed of the house of Jacob, and made myself known unto them in the land of Egypt, when I lifted up mine hand unto them, saying, I am the LORD your God;	
Ezekiel 20:6	In the day that I lifted up mine hand unto them, to bring them forth of the land of Egypt into a land that I had espied for them, flowing with milk and honey, which is the glory of all lands:	
Ezekiel 20:9	But I wrought for my name's sake, that it should not be polluted before the heathen, among whom they were, in whose sight I made myself known unto them, in bringing them forth out of the land of Egypt.	
Ezekiel 21:1	And the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,	
Ezekiel 21:15	I have set the point of the sword against all their gates, that their heart may faint, and their ruins be multiplied: ah! it is made bright, it is wrapped up for the slaughter.	
Ezekiel 21:21	For the king of Babylon stood at the parting of the way, at the head of the two ways, to use divination: he made his arrows bright, he consulted with images, he looked in the liver.	
Ezekiel 21:29	Whiles they see vanity unto thee, whiles they divine a lie unto thee, to bring thee upon the necks of them that are slain, of the wicked, whose day is come, when their iniquity shall have an end.	
Ezekiel 21:30	Shall I cause it to return into his sheath? I will judge thee in the place where thou wast created, in the land of thy nativity.	
Ezekiel 21:32	Thou shalt be for fuel to the fire; thy blood shall be in the midst of the land; thou shalt be no more remembered: for I the LORD have spoken it.	
Ezekiel 21:7	And it shall be, when they say unto thee, Wherefore sighest thou? that thou shalt answer, For the tidings; because it cometh: and every heart shall melt, and all hands shall be feeble, and every spirit shall faint, and all knees shall be weak as water: behold, it cometh, and shall be brought to pass, saith the Lord GOD.	
Ezekiel 21:8	Again the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,	
Ezekiel 21:9	Son of man, prophesy, and say, Thus saith the LORD; Say, A sword, a sword is sharpened, and also furbished:	
Ezekiel 22:10	In thee have they discovered their fathers' nakedness: in thee have they humbled her that was set apart for pollution.	
Ezekiel 22:11	And one hath committed abomination with his neighbour's wife; and another hath lewdly defiled his daughter in law; and another in thee hath humbled his sister, his father's daughter.	
Ezekiel 22:13	Behold, therefore I have smitten mine hand at thy dishonest gain which thou hast made, and at thy blood which hath been in the midst of thee.	
Ezekiel 22:2	Now, thou son of man, wilt thou judge, wilt thou judge the bloody city? yea, thou shalt shew her all her abominations.	
Ezekiel 22:20	As they gather silver, and brass, and iron, and lead, and tin, into the midst of the furnace, to blow the fire upon it, to melt it; so will I gather you in mine anger and in my fury, and I will leave you there, and melt you.	
Ezekiel 22:22	As silver is melted in the midst of the furnace, so shall ye be melted in the midst thereof; and ye shall know that I the LORD have poured out my fury upon you.	
Ezekiel 22:24	Son of man, say unto her, Thou art the land that is not cleansed, nor rained upon in the day of indignation.	
Ezekiel 22:27	Her princes in the midst thereof are like wolves ravening the prey, to shed blood, and to destroy souls, to get dishonest gain.	
Ezekiel 22:28	And her prophets have daubed them with untempered morter, seeing vanity, and divining lies unto them, saying, Thus saith the Lord GOD, when the LORD hath not spoken.	
Ezekiel 22:31	Therefore have I poured out mine indignation upon them; I have consumed them with the fire of my wrath: their own way have I recompensed upon their heads, saith the Lord GOD.	
Ezekiel 22:6	Behold, the princes of Israel, every one were in thee to their power to shed blood.	
Ezekiel 22:7	In thee have they set light by father and mother: in the midst of thee have they dealt by oppression with the stranger: in thee have they vexed the fatherless and the widow.	
Ezekiel 23:24	And they shall come against thee with chariots, wagons, and wheels, and with an assembly of people, which shall set against thee buckler and shield and helmet round about: and I will set judgment before them, and they shall judge thee according to their judgments.	
Ezekiel 23:3	And they committed whoredoms in Egypt; they committed whoredoms in their youth: there were their breasts pressed, and there they bruised the teats of their virginity.	
Ezekiel 23:36	The LORD said moreover unto me; Son of man, wilt thou judge Aholah and Aholibah? yea, declare unto them their abominations;	
Ezekiel 23:38	Moreover this they have done unto me: they have defiled my sanctuary in the same day, and have profaned my sabbaths.	
Ezekiel 23:39	For when they had slain their children to their idols, then they came the same day into my sanctuary to profane it; and, lo, thus have they done in the midst of mine house.	
Ezekiel 23:44	Yet they went in unto her, as they go in unto a woman that playeth the harlot: so went they in unto Aholah and unto Aholibah, the lewd women.	
Ezekiel 23:45	And the righteous men, they shall judge them after the manner of adulteresses, and after the manner of women that shed blood; because they are adulteresses, and blood is in their hands.	
Ezekiel 23:47	And the company shall stone them with stones, and dispatch them with their swords; they shall slay their sons and their daughters, and burn up their houses with fire.	
Ezekiel 23:6	Which were clothed with blue, captains and rulers, all of them desirable young men, horsemen riding upon horses.	
Ezekiel 23:7	Thus she committed her whoredoms with them, with all them that were the chosen men of Assyria, and with all on whom she doted: with all their idols she defiled herself.	
Ezekiel 23:9	Wherefore I have delivered her into the hand of her lovers, into the hand of the Assyrians, upon whom she doted.	
Ezekiel 24:12	She hath wearied herself with lies, and her great scum went not forth out of her: her scum shall be in the fire.	
Ezekiel 24:15	Also the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,	
Ezekiel 24:19	And the people said unto me, Wilt thou not tell us what these things are to us, that thou doest so?	
Ezekiel 24:20	Then I answered them, The word of the LORD came unto me, saying,	
Ezekiel 24:23	And your tires shall be upon your heads, and your shoes upon your feet: ye shall not mourn nor weep; but ye shall pine away for your iniquities, and mourn one toward another.	
Ezekiel 24:26	That he that escapeth in that day shall come unto thee, to cause thee to hear it with thine ears?	
Ezekiel 24:27	In that day shall thy mouth be opened to him which is escaped, and thou shalt speak, and be no more dumb: and thou shalt be a sign unto them; and they shall know that I am the LORD.	
Ezekiel 24:3	And utter a parable unto the rebellious house, and say unto them, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Set on a pot, set it on, and also pour water into it:	
Ezekiel 24:4	Gather the pieces thereof into it, even every good piece, the thigh, and the shoulder; fill it with the choice bones.	
Ezekiel 25:12	Thus saith the Lord GOD; Because that Edom hath dealt against the house of Judah by taking vengeance, and hath greatly offended, and revenged himself upon them;	
Ezekiel 25:2	Son of man, set thy face against the Ammonites, and prophesy against them;	
Ezekiel 25:5	And I will make Rabbah a stable for camels, and the Ammonites a couching place for flocks: and ye shall know that I am the LORD.	
Ezekiel 25:8	Thus saith the Lord GOD; Because that Moab and Seir do say, Behold, the house of Judah is like unto all the heathen;	
Ezekiel 26:14	And I will make thee like the top of a rock: thou shalt be a place to spread nets upon; thou shalt be built no more: for I the LORD have spoken it, saith the Lord GOD.	
Ezekiel 26:19	For thus saith the Lord GOD; When I shall make thee a desolate city, like the cities that are not inhabited; when I shall bring up the deep upon thee, and great waters shall cover thee;	
Ezekiel 26:4	And they shall destroy the walls of Tyrus, and break down her towers: I will also scrape her dust from her, and make her like the top of a rock.	
Ezekiel 26:5	It shall be a place for the spreading of nets in the midst of the sea: for I have spoken it, saith the Lord GOD: and it shall become a spoil to the nations.	
Ezekiel 26:6	And her daughters which are in the field shall be slain by the sword; and they shall know that I am the LORD.	
Ezekiel 27:18	Damascus was thy merchant in the multitude of the wares of thy making, for the multitude of all riches; in the wine of Helbon, and white wool.	
Ezekiel 27:19	Dan also and Javan going to and fro occupied in thy fairs: bright iron, cassia, and calamus, were in thy market.	
Ezekiel 27:27	Thy riches, and thy fairs, thy merchandise, thy mariners, and thy pilots, thy calkers, and the occupiers of thy merchandise, and all thy men of war, that are in thee, and in all thy company which is in the midst of thee, shall fall into the midst of the seas in the day of thy ruin.	
Ezekiel 27:28	The suburbs shall shake at the sound of the cry of thy pilots.	
Ezekiel 27:34	In the time when thou shalt be broken by the seas in the depths of the waters thy merchandise and all thy company in the midst of thee shall fall.	
Ezekiel 27:9	The ancients of Gebal and the wise men thereof were in thee thy calkers: all the ships of the sea with their mariners were in thee to occupy thy merchandise.	
Ezekiel 28:1	The word of the LORD came again unto me, saying,	
Ezekiel 28:10	Thou shalt die the deaths of the uncircumcised by the hand of strangers: for I have spoken it, saith the Lord GOD.	
Ezekiel 28:16	By the multitude of thy merchandise they have filled the midst of thee with violence, and thou hast sinned: therefore I will cast thee as profane out of the mountain of God: and I will destroy thee, O covering cherub, from the midst of the stones of fire.	
Ezekiel 28:18	Thou hast defiled thy sanctuaries by the multitude of thine iniquities, by the iniquity of thy traffick; therefore will I bring forth a fire from the midst of thee, it shall devour thee, and I will bring thee to ashes upon the earth in the sight of all them that behold thee.	
Ezekiel 28:19	All they that know thee among the people shall be astonished at thee: thou shalt be a terror, and never shalt thou be any more.	
Ezekiel 28:21	Son of man, set thy face against Zidon, and prophesy against it,	
Ezekiel 28:26	And they shall dwell safely therein, and shall build houses, and plant vineyards; yea, they shall dwell with confidence, when I have executed judgments upon all those that despise them round about them; and they shall know that I am the LORD their God.	
Ezekiel 28:8	They shall bring thee down to the pit, and thou shalt die the deaths of them that are slain in the midst of the seas.	
Ezekiel 28:9	Wilt thou yet say before him that slayeth thee, I am God? but thou shalt be a man, and no God, in the hand of him that slayeth thee.	
Ezekiel 29:1	In the tenth year, in the tenth month, in the twelfth day of the month, the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,	
Ezekiel 29:12	And I will make the land of Egypt desolate in the midst of the countries that are desolate, and her cities among the cities that are laid waste shall be desolate forty years: and I will scatter the Egyptians among the nations, and will disperse them through the countries.	
Ezekiel 29:16	And it shall be no more the confidence of the house of Israel, which bringeth their iniquity to remembrance, when they shall look after them: but they shall know that I am the Lord GOD.	
Ezekiel 29:18	Son of man, Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon caused his army to serve a great service against Tyrus: every head was made bald, and every shoulder was peeled: yet had he no wages, nor his army, for Tyrus, for the service that he had served against it:	
Ezekiel 29:3	Speak, and say, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I am against thee, Pharaoh king of Egypt, the great dragon that lieth in the midst of his rivers, which hath said, My river is mine own, and I have made it for myself.	
Ezekiel 29:4	But I will put hooks in thy jaws, and I will cause the fish of thy rivers to stick unto thy scales, and I will bring thee up out of the midst of thy rivers, and all the fish of thy rivers shall stick unto thy scales.	
Ezekiel 2:10	And he spread it before me; and it was written within and without: and there was written therein lamentations, and mourning, and woe.	
Ezekiel 2:4	For they are impudent children and stiffhearted. I do send thee unto them; and thou shalt say unto them, Thus saith the Lord GOD.	
Ezekiel 30:21	Son of man, I have broken the arm of Pharaoh king of Egypt; and, lo, it shall not be bound up to be healed, to put a roller to bind it, to make it strong to hold the sword.	
Ezekiel 30:23	And I will scatter the Egyptians among the nations, and will disperse them through the countries.	
Ezekiel 30:5	Ethiopia, and Libya, and Lydia, and all the mingled people, and Chub, and the men of the land that is in league, shall fall with them by the sword.	
Ezekiel 31:12	And strangers, the terrible of the nations, have cut him off, and have left him: upon the mountains and in all the valleys his branches are fallen, and his boughs are broken by all the rivers of the land; and all the people of the earth are gone down from his shadow, and have left him.	
Ezekiel 31:13	Upon his ruin shall all the fowls of the heaven remain, and all the beasts of the field shall be upon his branches:	
Ezekiel 31:14	To the end that none of all the trees by the waters exalt themselves for their height, neither shoot up their top among the thick boughs, neither their trees stand up in their height, all that drink water: for they are all delivered unto death, to the nether parts of the earth, in the midst of the children of men, with them that go down to the pit.	
Ezekiel 31:15	Thus saith the Lord GOD; In the day when he went down to the grave I caused a mourning: I covered the deep for him, and I restrained the floods thereof, and the great waters were stayed: and I caused Lebanon to mourn for him, and all the trees of the field fainted for him.	
Ezekiel 31:17	They also went down into hell with him unto them that be slain with the sword; and they that were his arm, that dwelt under his shadow in the midst of the heathen.	
Ezekiel 32:15	When I shall make the land of Egypt desolate, and the country shall be destitute of that whereof it was full, when I shall smite all them that dwell therein, then shall they know that I am the LORD.	
Ezekiel 32:19	Whom dost thou pass in beauty? go down, and be thou laid with the uncircumcised.	
Ezekiel 32:20	They shall fall in the midst of them that are slain by the sword: she is delivered to the sword: draw her and all her multitudes.	
Ezekiel 32:21	The strong among the mighty shall speak to him out of the midst of hell with them that help him: they are gone down, they lie uncircumcised, slain by the sword.	
Ezekiel 32:22	Asshur is there and all her company: his graves are about him: all of them slain, fallen by the sword:	
Ezekiel 32:26	There is Meshech, Tubal, and all her multitude: her graves are round about him: all of them uncircumcised, slain by the sword, though they caused their terror in the land of the living.	
Ezekiel 32:32	For I have caused my terror in the land of the living: and he shall be laid in the midst of the uncircumcised with them that are slain with the sword, even Pharaoh and all his multitude, saith the Lord GOD.	
Ezekiel 32:4	Then will I leave thee upon the land, I will cast thee forth upon the open field, and will cause all the fowls of the heaven to remain upon thee, and I will fill the beasts of the whole earth with thee.	
Ezekiel 33:12	Therefore, thou son of man, say unto the children of thy people, The righteousness of the righteous shall not deliver him in the day of his transgression: as for the wickedness of the wicked, he shall not fall thereby in the day that he turneth from his wickedness; neither shall the righteous be able to live for his righteousness in the day that he sinneth.	
Ezekiel 33:13	When I shall say to the righteous, that he shall surely live; if he trust to his own righteousness, and commit iniquity, all his righteousnesses shall not be remembered; but for his iniquity that he hath committed, he shall die for it.	
Ezekiel 33:16	None of his sins that he hath committed shall be mentioned unto him: he hath done that which is lawful and right; he shall surely live.	
Ezekiel 33:21	And it came to pass in the twelfth year of our captivity, in the tenth month, in the fifth day of the month, that one that had escaped out of Jerusalem came unto me, saying, The city is smitten.	
Ezekiel 33:22	Now the hand of the LORD was upon me in the evening, afore he that was escaped came; and had opened my mouth, until he came to me in the morning; and my mouth was opened, and I was no more dumb.	
Ezekiel 33:8	When I say unto the wicked, O wicked man, thou shalt surely die; if thou dost not speak to warn the wicked from his way, that wicked man shall die in his iniquity; but his blood will I require at thine hand.	
Ezekiel 34:10	Thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I am against the shepherds; and I will require my flock at their hand, and cause them to cease from feeding the flock; neither shall the shepherds feed themselves any more; for I will deliver my flock from their mouth, that they may not be meat for them.	
Ezekiel 34:15	I will feed my flock, and I will cause them to lie down, saith the Lord GOD.	
Ezekiel 34:16	I will seek that which was lost, and bring again that which was driven away, and will bind up that which was broken, and will strengthen that which was sick: but I will destroy the fat and the strong; I will feed them with judgment.	
Ezekiel 34:20	Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD unto them; Behold, I, even I, will judge between the fat cattle and between the lean cattle.	
Ezekiel 34:22	Therefore will I save my flock, and they shall no more be a prey; and I will judge between cattle and cattle.	
Ezekiel 34:27	And the tree of the field shall yield her fruit, and the earth shall yield her increase, and they shall be safe in their land, and shall know that I am the LORD, when I have broken the bands of their yoke, and delivered them out of the hand of those that served themselves of them.	
Ezekiel 34:29	And I will raise up for them a plant of renown, and they shall be no more consumed with hunger in the land, neither bear the shame of the heathen any more.	
Ezekiel 34:31	And ye my flock, the flock of my pasture, are men, and I am your God, saith the Lord GOD.	
Ezekiel 34:4	The diseased have ye not strengthened, neither have ye healed that which was sick, neither have ye bound up that which was broken, neither have ye brought again that which was driven away, neither have ye sought that which was lost; but with force and with cruelty have ye ruled them.	
Ezekiel 34:6	My sheep wandered through all the mountains, and upon every high hill: yea, my flock was scattered upon all the face of the earth, and none did search or seek after them.	
Ezekiel 34:8	As I live, saith the Lord GOD, surely because my flock became a prey, and my flock became meat to every beast of the field, because there was no shepherd, neither did my shepherds search for my flock, but the shepherds fed themselves, and fed not my flock;	
Ezekiel 35:15	As thou didst rejoice at the inheritance of the house of Israel, because it was desolate, so will I do unto thee: thou shalt be desolate, O mount Seir, and all Idumea, even all of it: and they shall know that I am the LORD.	
Ezekiel 35:6	Therefore, as I live, saith the Lord GOD, I will prepare thee unto blood, and blood shall pursue thee: sith thou hast not hated blood, even blood shall pursue thee.	
Ezekiel 36:11	And I will multiply upon you man and beast; and they shall increase and bring fruit: and I will settle you after your old estates, and will do better unto you than at your beginnings: and ye shall know that I am the LORD.	
Ezekiel 36:13	Thus saith the Lord GOD; Because they say unto you, Thou land devourest up men, and hast bereaved thy nations:	
Ezekiel 36:15	Neither will I cause men to hear in thee the shame of the heathen any more, neither shalt thou bear the reproach of the people any more, neither shalt thou cause thy nations to fall any more, saith the Lord GOD.	
Ezekiel 36:18	Wherefore I poured my fury upon them for the blood that they had shed upon the land, and for their idols wherewith they had polluted it:	
Ezekiel 36:24	For I will take you from among the heathen, and gather you out of all countries, and will bring you into your own land.	
Ezekiel 36:25	Then will I sprinkle clean water upon you, and ye shall be clean: from all your filthiness, and from all your idols, will I cleanse you.	
Ezekiel 36:26	A new heart also will I give you, and a new spirit will I put within you: and I will take away the stony heart out of your flesh, and I will give you an heart of flesh.	
Ezekiel 36:27	And I will put my spirit within you, and cause you to walk in my statutes, and ye shall keep my judgments, and do them.	
Ezekiel 36:30	And I will multiply the fruit of the tree, and the increase of the field, that ye shall receive no more reproach of famine among the heathen.	
Ezekiel 36:31	Then shall ye remember your own evil ways, and your doings that were not good, and shall lothe yourselves in your own sight for your iniquities and for your abominations.	
Ezekiel 36:33	Thus saith the Lord GOD; In the day that I shall have cleansed you from all your iniquities I will also cause you to dwell in the cities, and the wastes shall be builded.	
Ezekiel 36:5	Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; Surely in the fire of my jealousy have I spoken against the residue of the heathen, and against all Idumea, which have appointed my land into their possession with the joy of all their heart, with despiteful minds, to cast it out for a prey.	
Ezekiel 36:8	But ye, O mountains of Israel, ye shall shoot forth your branches, and yield your fruit to my people of Israel; for they are at hand to come.	
Ezekiel 37:14	And shall put my spirit in you, and ye shall live, and I shall place you in your own land: then shall ye know that I the LORD have spoken it, and performed it, saith the LORD.	
Ezekiel 37:21	And say unto them, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I will take the children of Israel from among the heathen, whither they be gone, and will gather them on every side, and bring them into their own land:	
Ezekiel 37:23	Neither shall they defile themselves any more with their idols, nor with their detestable things, nor with any of their transgressions: but I will save them out of all their dwellingplaces, wherein they have sinned, and will cleanse them: so shall they be my people, and I will be their God.	
Ezekiel 37:24	And David my servant shall be king over them; and they all shall have one shepherd: they shall also walk in my judgments, and observe my statutes, and do them.	
Ezekiel 37:27	My tabernacle also shall be with them: yea, I will be their God, and they shall be my people.	
Ezekiel 37:3	And he said unto me, Son of man, can these bones live? And I answered, O Lord GOD, thou knowest.	
Ezekiel 37:5	Thus saith the Lord GOD unto these bones; Behold, I will cause breath to enter into you, and ye shall live:	
Ezekiel 38:12	To take a spoil, and to take a prey; to turn thine hand upon the desolate places that are now inhabited, and upon the people that are gathered out of the nations, which have gotten cattle and goods, that dwell in the midst of the land.	
Ezekiel 38:16	And thou shalt come up against my people of Israel, as a cloud to cover the land; it shall be in the latter days, and I will bring thee against my land, that the heathen may know me, when I shall be sanctified in thee, O Gog, before their eyes.	
Ezekiel 39:10	So that they shall take no wood out of the field, neither cut down any out of the forests; for they shall burn the weapons with fire: and they shall spoil those that spoiled them, and rob those that robbed them, saith the Lord GOD.	
Ezekiel 39:14	And they shall sever out men of continual employment, passing through the land to bury with the passengers those that remain upon the face of the earth, to cleanse it: after the end of seven months shall they search.	
Ezekiel 39:19	And ye shall eat fat till ye be full, and drink blood till ye be drunken, of my sacrifice which I have sacrificed for you.	
Ezekiel 39:26	After that they have borne their shame, and all their trespasses whereby they have trespassed against me, when they dwelt safely in their land, and none made them afraid.	
Ezekiel 39:29	Neither will I hide my face any more from them: for I have poured out my spirit upon the house of Israel, saith the Lord GOD.	
Ezekiel 3:11	And go, get thee to them of the captivity, unto the children of thy people, and speak unto them, and tell them, Thus saith the Lord GOD; whether they will hear, or whether they will forbear.	
Ezekiel 3:2	So I opened my mouth, and he caused me to eat that roll.	
Ezekiel 3:20	Again, When a righteous man doth turn from his righteousness, and commit iniquity, and I lay a stumbling-block before him, he shall die: because thou hast not given him warning, he shall die in his sin, and his righteousness which he hath done shall not be remembered; but his blood will I require at thine hand.	
Ezekiel 3:7	But the house of Israel will not hearken unto thee; for they will not hearken unto me: for all the house of Israel are impudent and hardhearted.	
Ezekiel 3:8	Behold, I have made thy face strong against their faces, and thy forehead strong against their foreheads.	
Ezekiel 40:10	And the little chambers of the gate eastward were three on this side, and three on that side; they three were of one measure: and the posts had one measure on this side and on that side.	
Ezekiel 40:11	And he measured the breadth of the entry of the gate, ten cubits; and the length of the gate, thirteen cubits.	
Ezekiel 40:15	And from the face of the gate of the entrance unto the face of the porch of the inner gate were fifty cubits.	
Ezekiel 40:27	And there was a gate in the inner court toward the south: and he measured from gate to gate toward the south an hundred cubits.	
Ezekiel 40:31	And the arches thereof were toward the utter court; and palm trees were upon the posts thereof: and the going up to it had eight steps.	
Ezekiel 40:36	The little chambers thereof, the posts thereof, and the arches thereof, and the windows to it round about: the length was fifty cubits, and the breadth five and twenty cubits.	
Ezekiel 40:40	And at the side without, as one goeth up to the entry of the north gate, were two tables; and on the other side, which was at the porch of the gate, were two tables.	
Ezekiel 40:43	And within were hooks, an hand broad, fastened round about: and upon the tables was the flesh of the offering.	
Ezekiel 40:5	And behold a wall on the outside of the house round about, and in the man's hand a measuring reed of six cubits long by the cubit and an hand breadth: so he measured the breadth of the building, one reed; and the height, one reed.	
Ezekiel 40:7	And every little chamber was one reed long, and one reed broad; and between the little chambers were five cubits; and the threshold of the gate by the porch of the gate within was one reed.	
Ezekiel 41:10	And between the chambers was the wideness of twenty cubits round about the house on every side.	
Ezekiel 41:14	Also the breadth of the face of the house, and of the separate place toward the east, an hundred cubits.	
Ezekiel 41:15	And he measured the length of the building over against the separate place which was behind it, and the galleries thereof on the one side and on the other side, an hundred cubits, with the inner temple, and the porches of the court;	
Ezekiel 41:22	The altar of wood was three cubits high, and the length thereof two cubits; and the corners thereof, and the length thereof, and the walls thereof, were of wood: and he said unto me, This is the table that is before the LORD.	
Ezekiel 41:3	Then went he inward, and measured the post of the door, two cubits; and the door, six cubits; and the breadth of the door, seven cubits.	
Ezekiel 42:1	Then he brought me forth into the utter court, the way toward the north: and he brought me into the chamber that was over against the separate place, and which was before the building toward the north.	
Ezekiel 42:11	And the way before them was like the appearance of the chambers which were toward the north, as long as they, and as broad as they: and all their goings out were both according to their fashions, and according to their doors.	
Ezekiel 42:12	And according to the doors of the chambers that were toward the south was a door in the head of the way, even the way directly before the wall toward the east, as one entereth into them.	
Ezekiel 42:13	Then said he unto me, The north chambers and the south chambers, which are before the separate place, they be holy chambers, where the priests that approach unto the LORD shall eat the most holy things: there shall they lay the most holy things, and the meat offering, and the sin offering, and the trespass offering; for the place is holy.	
Ezekiel 42:15	Now when he had made an end of measuring the inner house, he brought me forth toward the gate whose prospect is toward the east, and measured it round about.	
Ezekiel 42:18	He measured the south side, five hundred reeds, with the measuring reed.	
Ezekiel 42:19	He turned about to the west side, and measured five hundred reeds with the measuring reed.	
Ezekiel 42:2	Before the length of an hundred cubits was the north door, and the breadth was fifty cubits.	
Ezekiel 42:4	And before the chambers was a walk to ten cubits breadth inward, a way of one cubit; and their doors toward the north.	
Ezekiel 42:6	For they were in three stories, but had not pillars as the pillars of the courts: therefore the building was straitened more than the lowest and the middlemost from the ground.	
Ezekiel 42:8	For the length of the chambers that were in the utter court was fifty cubits: and, lo, before the temple were an hundred cubits.	
Ezekiel 43:14	And from the bottom upon the ground even to the lower settle shall be two cubits, and the breadth one cubit; and from the lesser settle even to the greater settle shall be four cubits, and the breadth one cubit.	
Ezekiel 43:18	And he said unto me, Son of man, thus saith the Lord GOD; These are the ordinances of the altar in the day when they shall make it, to offer burnt offerings thereon, and to sprinkle blood thereon.	
Ezekiel 43:20	And thou shalt take of the blood thereof, and put it on the four horns of it, and on the four corners of the settle, and upon the border round about: thus shalt thou cleanse and purge it.	
Ezekiel 43:3	And it was according to the appearance of the vision which I saw, even according to the vision that I saw when I came to destroy the city: and the visions were like the vision that I saw by the river Chebar; and I fell upon my face.	
Ezekiel 44:1	Then he brought me back the way of the gate of the outward sanctuary which looketh toward the east; and it was shut.	
Ezekiel 44:13	And they shall not come near unto me, to do the office of a priest unto me, nor to come near to any of my holy things, in the most holy place: but they shall bear their shame, and their abominations which they have committed.	
Ezekiel 44:21	Neither shall any priest drink wine, when they enter into the inner court.	
Ezekiel 44:22	Neither shall they take for their wives a widow, nor her that is put away: but they shall take maidens of the seed of the house of Israel, or a widow that had a priest before.	
Ezekiel 44:23	And they shall teach my people the difference between the holy and profane, and cause them to discern between the unclean and the clean.	
Ezekiel 44:25	And they shall come at no dead person to defile themselves: but for father, or for mother, or for son, or for daughter, for brother, or for sister that hath had no husband, they may defile themselves.	
Ezekiel 44:27	And in the day that he goeth into the sanctuary, unto the inner court, to minister in the sanctuary, he shall offer his sin offering, saith the Lord GOD.	
Ezekiel 44:30	And the first of all the firstfruits of all things, and every oblation of all, of every sort of your oblations, shall be the priest's: ye shall also give unto the priest the first of your dough, that he may cause the blessing to rest in thine house.	
Ezekiel 44:6	And thou shalt say to the rebellious, even to the house of Israel, Thus saith the Lord GOD; O ye house of Israel, let it suffice you of all your abominations,	
Ezekiel 45:10	Ye shall have just balances, and a just ephah, and a just bath.	
Ezekiel 45:11	The ephah and the bath shall be of one measure, that the bath may contain the tenth part of an homer, and the ephah the tenth part of an homer: the measure thereof shall be after the homer.	
Ezekiel 45:13	This is the oblation that ye shall offer; the sixth part of an ephah of an homer of wheat, and ye shall give the sixth part of an ephah of an homer of barley:	
Ezekiel 45:17	And it shall be the prince's part to give burnt offerings, and meat offerings, and drink offerings, in the feasts, and in the new moons, and in the sabbaths, in all solemnities of the house of Israel: he shall prepare the sin offering, and the meat offering, and the burnt offering, and the peace offerings, to make reconciliation for the house of Israel.	
Ezekiel 45:19	And the priest shall take of the blood of the sin offering, and put it upon the posts of the house, and upon the four corners of the settle of the altar, and upon the posts of the gate of the inner court.	
Ezekiel 45:20	And so thou shalt do the seventh day of the month for every one that erreth, and for him that is simple: so shall ye reconcile the house.	
Ezekiel 45:23	And seven days of the feast he shall prepare a burnt offering to the LORD, seven bullocks and seven rams without blemish daily the seven days; and a kid of the goats daily for a sin offering.	
Ezekiel 45:8	In the land shall be his possession in Israel: and my princes shall no more oppress my people; and the rest of the land shall they give to the house of Israel according to their tribes.	
Ezekiel 46:10	And the prince in the midst of them, when they go in, shall go in; and when they go forth, shall go forth.	
Ezekiel 46:13	Thou shalt daily prepare a burnt offering unto the LORD of a lamb of the first year without blemish: thou shalt prepare it every morning.	
Ezekiel 46:17	But if he give a gift of his inheritance to one of his servants, then it shall be his to the year of liberty; after it shall return to the prince: but his inheritance shall be his sons' for them.	
Ezekiel 46:22	In the four corners of the court there were courts joined of forty cubits long and thirty broad: these four corners were of one measure.	
Ezekiel 46:24	Then said he unto me, These are the places of them that boil, where the ministers of the house shall boil the sacrifice of the people.	
Ezekiel 46:6	And in the day of the new moon it shall be a young bullock without blemish, and six lambs, and a ram: they shall be without blemish.	
Ezekiel 47:10	And it shall come to pass, that the fishers shall stand upon it from Engedi even unto Eneglaim; they shall be a place to spread forth nets; their fish shall be according to their kinds, as the fish of the great sea, exceeding many.	
Ezekiel 47:13	Thus saith the Lord GOD; This shall be the border, whereby ye shall inherit the land according to the twelve tribes of Israel: Joseph shall have two portions.	
Ezekiel 47:14	And ye shall inherit it, one as well as another: concerning the which I lifted up mine hand to give it unto your fathers: and this land shall fall unto you for inheritance.	
Ezekiel 47:19	And the south side southward, from Tamar even to the waters of strife in Kadesh, the river to the great sea. And this is the south side southward.	
Ezekiel 47:23	And it shall come to pass, that in what tribe the stranger sojourneth, there shall ye give him his inheritance, saith the Lord GOD.	
Ezekiel 47:7	Now when I had returned, behold, at the bank of the river were very many trees on the one side and on the other.	
Ezekiel 47:8	Then said he unto me, These waters issue out toward the east country, and go down into the desert, and go into the sea: which being brought forth into the sea, the waters shall be healed.	
Ezekiel 48:10	And for them, even for the priests, shall be this holy oblation; toward the north five and twenty thousand in length, and toward the west ten thousand in breadth, and toward the east ten thousand in breadth, and toward the south five and twenty thousand in length: and the sanctuary of the LORD shall be in the midst thereof.	
Ezekiel 48:14	And they shall not sell of it, neither exchange, nor alienate the firstfruits of the land: for it is holy unto the LORD.	
Ezekiel 48:25	And by the border of Simeon, from the east side unto the west side, Issachar a portion.	
Ezekiel 48:29	This is the land which ye shall divide by lot unto the tribes of Israel for inheritance, and these are their portions, saith the Lord GOD.	
Ezekiel 48:30	And these are the goings out of the city on the north side, four thousand and five hundred measures.	
Ezekiel 48:32	And at the east side four thousand and five hundred: and three gates; and one gate of Joseph, one gate of Benjamin, one gate of Dan.	
Ezekiel 48:5	And by the border of Manasseh, from the east side unto the west side, a portion for Ephraim.	
Ezekiel 48:6	And by the border of Ephraim, from the east side even unto the west side, a portion for Reuben.	
Ezekiel 48:9	The oblation that ye shall offer unto the LORD shall be of five and twenty thousand in length, and of ten thousand in breadth.	
Ezekiel 4:1	Thou also, son of man, take thee a tile, and lay it before thee, and pourtray upon it the city, even Jerusalem:	
Ezekiel 4:12	And thou shalt eat it as barley cakes, and thou shalt bake it with dung that cometh out of man, in their sight.	
Ezekiel 4:13	And the LORD said, Even thus shall the children of Israel eat their defiled bread among the Gentiles, whither I will drive them.	
Ezekiel 4:4	Lie thou also upon thy left side, and lay the iniquity of the house of Israel upon it: according to the number of the days that thou shalt lie upon it thou shalt bear their iniquity.	
Ezekiel 4:8	And, behold, I will lay bands upon thee, and thou shalt not turn thee from one side to another, till thou hast ended the days of thy siege.	
Ezekiel 5:13	Thus shall mine anger be accomplished, and I will cause my fury to rest upon them, and I will be comforted: and they shall know that I the LORD have spoken it in my zeal, when I have accomplished my fury in them.	
Ezekiel 6:11	Thus saith the Lord GOD; Smite with thine hand, and stamp with thy foot, and say, Alas for all the evil abominations of the house of Israel! for they shall fall by the sword, by the famine, and by the pestilence.	
Ezekiel 6:13	Then shall ye know that I am the LORD, when their slain men shall be among their idols round about their altars, upon every high hill, in all the tops of the mountains, and under every green tree, and under every thick oak, the place where they did offer sweet savour to all their idols.	
Ezekiel 6:14	So will I stretch out my hand upon them, and make the land desolate, yea, more desolate than the wilderness toward Diblath, in all their habitations: and they shall know that I am the LORD.	
Ezekiel 6:7	And the slain shall fall in the midst of you, and ye shall know that I am the LORD.	
Ezekiel 7:1	Moreover the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,	
Ezekiel 7:10	Behold the day, behold, it is come: the morning is gone forth; the rod hath blossomed, pride hath budded.	
Ezekiel 7:11	Violence is risen up into a rod of wickedness: none of them shall remain, nor of their multitude, nor of any of their's: neither shall there be wailing for them.	
Ezekiel 7:13	For the seller shall not return to that which is sold, although they were yet alive: for the vision is touching the whole multitude thereof, which shall not return; neither shall any strengthen himself in the iniquity of his life.	
Ezekiel 7:20	As for the beauty of his ornament, he set it in majesty: but they made the images of their abominations and of their detestable things therein: therefore have I set it far from them.	
Ezekiel 7:24	Wherefore I will bring the worst of the heathen, and they shall possess their houses: I will also make the pomp of the strong to cease; and their holy places shall be defiled.	
Ezekiel 7:25	Destruction cometh; and they shall seek peace, and there shall be none.	
Ezekiel 7:27	The king shall mourn, and the prince shall be clothed with desolation, and the hands of the people of the land shall be troubled: I will do unto them after their way, and according to their deserts will I judge them; and they shall know that I am the LORD.	
Ezekiel 7:4	And mine eye shall not spare thee, neither will I have pity: but I will recompense thy ways upon thee, and thine abominations shall be in the midst of thee: and ye shall know that I am the LORD.	
Ezekiel 7:5	Thus saith the Lord GOD; An evil, an only evil, behold, is come.	
Ezekiel 8:10	So I went in and saw; and behold every form of creeping things, and abominable beasts, and all the idols of the house of Israel, pourtrayed upon the wall round about.	
Ezekiel 8:11	And there stood before them seventy men of the ancients of the house of Israel, and in the midst of them stood Jaazaniah the son of Shaphan, with every man his censer in his hand; and a thick cloud of incense went up.	
Ezekiel 8:15	Then said he unto me, Hast thou seen this, O son of man? turn thee yet again, and thou shalt see greater abominations than these.	
Ezekiel 8:8	Then said he unto me, Son of man, dig now in the wall: and when I had digged in the wall, behold a door.	
Ezekiel 9:1	He cried also in mine ears with a loud voice, saying, Cause them that have charge over the city to draw near, even every man with his destroying weapon in his hand.	
Ezekiel 9:5	And to the others he said in mine hearing, Go ye after him through the city, and smite: let not your eye spare, neither have ye pity:	
Ezekiel 9:8	And it came to pass, while they were slaying them, and I was left, that I fell upon my face, and cried, and said, Ah Lord GOD! wilt thou destroy all the residue of Israel in thy pouring out of thy fury upon Jerusalem?	
Ezekiel 9:9	Then said he unto me, The iniquity of the house of Israel and Judah is exceeding great, and the land is full of blood, and the city full of perverseness: for they say, The LORD hath forsaken the earth, and the LORD seeth not.	
Ezra 10:14	Let now our rulers of all the congregation stand, and let all them which have taken strange wives in our cities come at appointed times, and with them the elders of every city, and the judges thereof, until the fierce wrath of our God for this matter be turned from us.	
Ezra 10:15	Only Jonathan the son of Asahel and Jahaziah the son of Tikvah were employed about this matter: and Meshullam and Shabbethai the Levite helped them.	
Ezra 10:16	And the children of the captivity did so. And Ezra the priest, with certain chief of the fathers, after the house of their fathers, and all of them by their names, were separated, and sat down in the first day of the tenth month to examine the matter.	
Ezra 10:2	And Shechaniah the son of Jehiel, one of the sons of Elam, answered and said unto Ezra, We have trespassed against our God, and have taken strange wives of the people of the land: yet now there is hope in Israel concerning this thing.	
Ezra 10:21	And of the sons of Harim; Maaseiah, and Elijah, and Shemaiah, and Jehiel, and Uzziah.	
Ezra 10:24	Of the singers also; Eliashib: and of the porters; Shallum, and Telem, and Uri.	
Ezra 10:3	Now therefore let us make a covenant with our God to put away all the wives, and such as are born of them, according to the counsel of my lord, and of those that tremble at the commandment of our God; and let it be done according to the law.	
Ezra 10:32	Benjamin, Malluch, and Shemariah.	
Ezra 10:40	Machnadebai, Shashai, Sharai,	
Ezra 10:7	And they made proclamation throughout Judah and Jerusalem unto all the children of the captivity, that they should gather themselves together unto Jerusalem;	
Ezra 1:10	Thirty basins of gold, silver basins of a second sort four hundred and ten, and other vessels a thousand.	
Ezra 1:2	Thus saith Cyrus king of Persia, The LORD God of heaven hath given me all the kingdoms of the earth; and he hath charged me to build him an house at Jerusalem, which is in Judah.	
Ezra 1:4	And whosoever remaineth in any place where he sojourneth, let the men of his place help him with silver, and with gold, and with goods, and with beasts, beside the freewill offering for the house of God that is in Jerusalem.	
Ezra 1:8	Even those did Cyrus king of Persia bring forth by the hand of Mithredath the treasurer, and numbered them unto Sheshbazzar, the prince of Judah.	
Ezra 2:10	The children of Bani, six hundred forty and two.	
Ezra 2:13	The children of Adonikam, six hundred sixty and six.	
Ezra 2:18	The children of Jorah, an hundred and twelve.	
Ezra 2:21	The children of Bethlehem, an hundred twenty and three.	
Ezra 2:25	The children of Kirjatharim, Chephirah, and Beeroth, seven hundred and forty and three.	
Ezra 2:29	The children of Nebo, fifty and two.	
Ezra 2:32	The children of Harim, three hundred and twenty.	
Ezra 2:34	The children of Jericho, three hundred forty and five.	
Ezra 2:35	The children of Senaah, three thousand and six hundred and thirty.	
Ezra 2:36	The priests: the children of Jedaiah, of the house of Jeshua, nine hundred seventy and three.	
Ezra 2:37	The children of Immer, a thousand fifty and two.	
Ezra 2:39	The children of Harim, a thousand and seventeen.	
Ezra 2:4	The children of Shephatiah, three hundred seventy and two.	
Ezra 2:40	The Levites: the children of Jeshua and Kadmiel, of the children of Hodaviah, seventy and four.	
Ezra 2:41	The singers: the children of Asaph, an hundred twenty and eight.	
Ezra 2:42	The children of the porters: the children of Shallum, the children of Ater, the children of Talmon, the children of Akkub, the children of Hatita, the children of Shobai, in all an hundred thirty and nine.	
Ezra 2:43	The Nethinims: the children of Ziha, the children of Hasupha, the children of Tabbaoth,	
Ezra 2:48	The children of Rezin, the children of Nekoda, the children of Gazzam,	
Ezra 2:52	The children of Bazluth, the children of Mehida, the children of Harsha,	
Ezra 2:53	The children of Barkos, the children of Sisera, the children of Thamah,	
Ezra 2:54	The children of Neziah, the children of Hatipha.	
Ezra 2:57	The children of Shephatiah, the children of Hattil, the children of Pochereth of Zebaim, the children of Ami.	
Ezra 2:60	The children of Delaiah, the children of Tobiah, the children of Nekoda, six hundred fifty and two.	
Ezra 2:63	And the Tirshatha said unto them, that they should not eat of the most holy things, till there stood up a priest with Urim and with Thummim.	
Ezra 2:65	Beside their servants and their maids, of whom there were seven thousand three hundred thirty and seven: and there were among them two hundred singing men and singing women.	
Ezra 2:7	The children of Elam, a thousand two hundred fifty and four.	
Ezra 2:70	So the priests, and the Levites, and some of the people, and the singers, and the porters, and the Nethinims, dwelt in their cities, and all Israel in their cities.	
Ezra 3:1	And when the seventh month was come, and the children of Israel were in the cities, the people gathered themselves together as one man to Jerusalem.	
Ezra 3:11	And they sang together by course in praising and giving thanks unto the LORD; because he is good, for his mercy endureth for ever toward Israel. And all the people shouted with a great shout, when they praised the LORD, because the foundation of the house of the LORD was laid.	
Ezra 3:2	Then stood up Jeshua the son of Jozadak, and his brethren the priests, and Zerubbabel the son of Shealtiel, and his brethren, and builded the altar of the God of Israel, to offer burnt offerings thereon, as it is written in the law of Moses the man of God.	
Ezra 3:4	They kept also the feast of tabernacles, as it is written, and offered the daily burnt offerings by number, according to the custom, as the duty of every day required;	
Ezra 3:5	And afterward offered the continual burnt offering, both of the new moons, and of all the set feasts of the LORD that were consecrated, and of every one that willingly offered a freewill offering unto the LORD.	
Ezra 4:24	Then ceased the work of the house of God which is at Jerusalem. So it ceased unto the second year of the reign of Darius king of Persia.	
Ezra 5:10	We asked their names also, to certify thee, that we might write the names of the men that were the chief of them.	
Ezra 5:2	Then rose up Zerubbabel the son of Shealtiel, and Jeshua the son of Jozadak, and began to build the house of God which is at Jerusalem: and with them were the prophets of God helping them.	
Ezra 5:6	The copy of the letter that Tatnai, governor on this side the river, and Shetharboznai and his companions the Apharsachites, which were on this side the river, sent unto Darius the king:	
Ezra 5:8	Be it known unto the king, that we went into the province of Judea, to the house of the great God, which is builded with great stones, and timber is laid in the walls, and this work goeth fast on, and prospereth in their hands.	
Ezra 6:1	Then Darius the king made a decree, and search was made in the house of the rolls, where the treasures were laid up in Babylon.	
Ezra 6:12	And the God that hath caused his name to dwell there destroy all kings and people, that shall put to their hand to alter and to destroy this house of God which is at Jerusalem. I Darius have made a decree; let it be done with speed.	
Ezra 6:13	Then Tatnai, governor on this side the river, Shetharboznai, and their companions, according to that which Darius the king had sent, so they did speedily.	
Ezra 6:16	And the children of Israel, the priests, and the Levites, and the rest of the children of the captivity, kept the dedication of this house of God with joy.	
Ezra 7:14	Forasmuch as thou art sent of the king, and of his seven counsellors, to enquire concerning Judah and Jerusalem, according to the law of thy God which is in thine hand;	
Ezra 7:18	And whatsoever shall seem good to thee, and to thy brethren, to do with the rest of the silver and the gold, that do after the will of your God.	
Ezra 7:20	And whatsoever more shall be needful for the house of thy God, which thou shalt have occasion to bestow, bestow it out of the king's treasure house.	
Ezra 7:27	Blessed be the LORD God of our fathers, which hath put such a thing as this in the king's heart, to beautify the house of the LORD which is in Jerusalem:	
Ezra 7:4	The son of Zerahiah, the son of Uzzi, the son of Bukki,	
Ezra 7:5	The son of Abishua, the son of Phinehas, the son of Eleazar, the son of Aaron the chief priest:	
Ezra 7:6	This Ezra went up from Babylon; and he was a ready scribe in the law of Moses, which the LORD God of Israel had given: and the king granted him all his request, according to the hand of the LORD his God upon him.	
Ezra 8:15	And I gathered them together to the river that runneth to Ahava; and there abode we in tents three days: and I viewed the people, and the priests, and found there none of the sons of Levi.	
Ezra 8:21	Then I proclaimed a fast there, at the river of Ahava, that we might afflict ourselves before our God, to seek of him a right way for us, and for our little ones, and for all our substance.	
Ezra 8:22	For I was ashamed to require of the king a band of soldiers and horsemen to help us against the enemy in the way: because we had spoken unto the king, saying, The hand of our God is upon all them for good that seek him; but his power and his wrath is against all them that forsake him.	
Ezra 8:25	And weighed unto them the silver, and the gold, and the vessels, even the offering of the house of our God, which the king, and his counsellors, and his lords, and all Israel there present, had offered:	
Ezra 8:31	Then we departed from the river of Ahava on the twelfth day of the first month, to go unto Jerusalem: and the hand of our God was upon us, and he delivered us from the hand of the enemy, and of such as lay in wait by the way.	
Ezra 8:35	Also the children of those that had been carried away, which were come out of the captivity, offered burnt offerings unto the God of Israel, twelve bullocks for all Israel, ninety and six rams, seventy and seven lambs, twelve he goats for a sin offering: all this was a burnt offering unto the LORD.	
Ezra 8:4	Of the sons of Pahathmoab; Elihoenai the son of Zerahiah, and with him two hundred males.	
Ezra 8:8	And of the sons of Shephatiah; Zebadiah the son of Michael, and with him fourscore males.	
Ezra 9:11	Which thou hast commanded by thy servants the prophets, saying, The land, unto which ye go to possess it, is an unclean land with the filthiness of the people of the lands, with their abominations, which have filled it from one end to another with their uncleanness.	
Ezra 9:15	O LORD God of Israel, thou art righteous: for we remain yet escaped, as it is this day: behold, we are before thee in our trespasses: for we cannot stand before thee because of this.	
Ezra 9:2	For they have taken of their daughters for themselves, and for their sons: so that the holy seed have mingled themselves with the people of those lands: yea, the hand of the princes and rulers hath been chief in this trespass.	
Ezra 9:9	For we were bondmen; yet our God hath not forsaken us in our bondage, but hath extended mercy unto us in the sight of the kings of Persia, to give us a reviving, to set up the house of our God, and to repair the desolations thereof, and to give us a wall in Judah and in Jerusalem.	
Galatians 1:1	Paul, an apostle, (not of men, neither by man, but by Jesus Christ, and God the Father, who raised him from the dead;)	
Galatians 1:12	For I neither received it of man, neither was I taught it, but by the revelation of Jesus Christ.	
Galatians 1:13	For ye have heard of my conversation in time past in the Jews' religion, how that beyond measure I persecuted the church of God, and wasted it:	
Galatians 1:15	But when it pleased God, who separated me from my mother's womb, and called me by his grace,	
Galatians 1:21	Afterwards I came into the regions of Syria and Cilicia;	
Galatians 1:4	Who gave himself for our sins, that he might deliver us from this present evil world, according to the will of God and our Father:	
Galatians 1:5	To whom be glory for ever and ever. Amen.	
Galatians 2:13	And the other Jews dissembled likewise with him; insomuch that Barnabas also was carried away with their dissimulation.	
Galatians 2:16	Knowing that a man is not justified by the works of the law, but by the faith of Jesus Christ, even we have believed in Jesus Christ, that we might be justified by the faith of Christ, and not by the works of the law: for by the works of the law shall no flesh be justified.	
Galatians 2:19	For I through the law am dead to the law, that I might live unto God.	
Galatians 2:2	And I went up by revelation, and communicated unto them that gospel which I preach among the Gentiles, but privately to them which were of reputation, lest by any means I should run, or had run, in vain.	
Galatians 2:20	I am crucified with Christ: neverthless I live; yet not I, but Christ liveth in me: and the life which I now live in the flesh I live by the faith of the Son of God, who loved me, and gave himself for me.	
Galatians 3:15	Brethren, I speak after the manner of men; Though it be but a man's covenant, yet if it be confirmed, no man disannulleth, or addeth thereto.	
Galatians 3:17	And this I say, that the covenant, that was confirmed before of God in Christ, the law, which was four hundred and thirty years after, cannot disannul, that it should make the promise of none effect.	
Galatians 3:19	Wherefore then serveth the law? It was added because of transgressions, till the seed should come to whom the promise was made; and it was ordained by angels in the hand of a mediator.	
Galatians 3:25	But after that faith is come, we are no longer under a schoolmaster.	
Galatians 3:27	For as many of you as have been baptized into Christ have put on Christ.	
Galatians 3:28	There is neither Jew nor Greek, there is neither bond nor free, there is neither male nor female: for ye are all one in Christ Jesus.	
Galatians 3:3	Are ye so foolish? having begun in the Spirit, are ye now made perfect by the flesh?	
Galatians 3:4	Have ye suffered so many things in vain? if it be yet in vain.	
Galatians 3:6	Even as Abraham believed God, and it was accounted to him for righteousness.	
Galatians 4:11	I am afraid of you, lest I have bestowed upon you labour in vain.	
Galatians 4:12	Brethren, I beseech you, be as I am; for I am as ye are: ye have not injured me at all.	
Galatians 4:17	They zealously affect you, but not well; yea, they would exclude you, that ye might affect them.	
Galatians 4:18	But it is good to be zealously affected always in a good thing, and not only when I am present with you.	
Galatians 4:20	I desire to be present with you now, and to change my voice; for I stand in doubt of you.	
Galatians 4:3	Even so we, when we were children, were in bondage under the elements of the world:	
Galatians 4:5	To redeem them that were under the law, that we might receive the adoption of sons.	
Galatians 4:6	And because ye are sons, God hath sent forth the Spirit of his Son into your hearts, crying, Abba, Father.	
Galatians 5:2	Behold, I Paul say unto you, that if ye be circumcised, Christ shall profit you nothing.	
Galatians 5:22	But the fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, peace, longsuffering, gentleness, goodness, faith,	
Galatians 5:26	Let us not be desirous of vain glory, provoking one another, envying one another.	
Galatians 5:3	For I testify again to every man that is circumcised, that he is a debtor to do the whole law.	
Galatians 5:4	Christ is become of no effect unto you, whosoever of you are justified by the law; ye are fallen from grace.	
Galatians 5:8	This persuasion cometh not of him that calleth you.	
Galatians 6:10	As we have therefore opportunity, let us do good unto all men, especially unto them who are of the household of faith.	
Galatians 6:15	For in Christ Jesus neither circumcision availeth any thing, nor uncircumcision, but a new creature.	
Galatians 6:18	Brethren, the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with your spirit. Amen.	
Galatians 6:4	But let every man prove his own work, and then shall he have rejoicing in himself alone, and not in another.	
Galatians 6:5	For every man shall bear his own burden.	
Galatians 6:8	For he that soweth to his flesh shall of the flesh reap corruption; but he that soweth to the Spirit shall of the Spirit reap life everlasting.	
Genesis 10:13	And Mizraim begat Ludim, and Anamim, and Lehabim, and Naphtuhim,	
Genesis 10:15	And Canaan begat Sidon his first born, and Heth,	
Genesis 10:24	And Arphaxad begat Salah; and Salah begat Eber.	
Genesis 10:3	And the sons of Gomer; Ashkenaz, and Riphath, and Togarmah.	
Genesis 10:7	And the sons of Cush; Seba, and Havilah, and Sabtah, and Raamah, and Sabtechah: and the sons of Raamah; Sheba, and Dedan.	
Genesis 11:12	And Arphaxad lived five and thirty years, and begat Salah:	
Genesis 11:13	And Arphaxad lived after he begat Salah four hundred and three years, and begat sons and daughters.	
Genesis 11:14	And Salah lived thirty years, and begat Eber:	
Genesis 11:26	And Terah lived seventy years, and begat Abram, Nahor, and Haran.	
Genesis 11:9	Therefore is the name of it called Babel; because the LORD did there confound the language of all the earth: and from thence did the LORD scatter them abroad upon the face of all the earth.	
Genesis 12:1	Now the LORD had said unto Abram, Get thee out of thy country, and from thy kindred, and from thy father's house, unto a land that I will show thee:	
Genesis 12:10	And there was a famine in the land: and Abram went down into Egypt to sojourn there; for the famine was grievous in the land.	
Genesis 12:18	And Pharaoh called Abram and said, What is this that thou hast done unto me? why didst thou not tell me that she was thy wife?	
Genesis 12:20	And Pharaoh commanded his men concerning him: and they sent him away, and his wife, and all that he had.	
Genesis 12:3	And I will bless them that bless thee, and curse him that curseth thee: and in thee shall all families of the earth be blessed.	
Genesis 12:4	So Abram departed, as the LORD had spoken unto him; and Lot went with him: and Abram was seventy and five years old when he departed out of Haran.	
Genesis 12:9	And Abram journeyed, going on still toward the south.	
Genesis 13:14	And the LORD said unto Abram, after that Lot was separated from him, Lift up now thine eyes, and look from the place where thou art northward, and southward, and eastward, and westward:	
Genesis 13:18	Then Abram removed his tent, and came and dwelt in the plain of Mamre, which is in Hebron, and built there an altar unto the LORD.	
Genesis 13:2	And Abram was very rich in cattle, in silver, and in gold.	
Genesis 13:5	And Lot also, which went with Abram, had flocks, and herds, and tents.	
Genesis 13:7	And there was a strife between the herdmen of Abram's cattle and the herdmen of Lot's cattle: and the Canaanite and the Perizzite dwelled then in the land.	
Genesis 14:1	And it came to pass in the days of Amraphel king of Shinar, Arioch king of Ellasar, Chedorlaomer king of Elam, and Tidal king of nations;	
Genesis 14:13	And there came one that had escaped, and told Abram the Hebrew; for he dwelt in the plain of Mamre the Amorite, brother of Eshcol, and brother of Aner: and these were confederate with Abram.	
Genesis 14:16	And he brought back all the goods, and also brought again his brother Lot, and his goods, and the women also, and the people.	
Genesis 14:2	That these made war with Bera king of Sodom, and with Birsha king of Gomorrah, Shinab king of Admah, and Shemeber king of Zeboiim, and the king of Bela, which is Zoar.	
Genesis 14:21	And the king of Sodom said unto Abram, Give me the persons, and take the goods to thyself.	
Genesis 14:24	Save only that which the young men have eaten, and the portion of the men which went with me, Aner, Eshcol, and Mamre; let them take their portion.	
Genesis 14:8	And there went out the king of Sodom, and the king of Gomorrah, and the king of Admah, and the king of Zeboiim, and the king of Bela (the same is Zoar;) and they joined battle with them in the vale of Siddim;	
Genesis 15:11	And when the fowls came down upon the carcasses, Abram drove them away.	
Genesis 15:14	And also that nation, whom they shall serve, will I judge: and afterward shall they come out with great substance.	
Genesis 15:19	The Kenites, and the Kenizzites, and the Kadmonites,	
Genesis 15:8	And he said, LORD God, whereby shall I know that I shall inherit it?	
Genesis 16:11	And the angel of the LORD said unto her, Behold, thou art with child and shalt bear a son, and shalt call his name Ishmael; because the LORD hath heard thy affliction.	
Genesis 16:16	And Abram was fourscore and six years old, when Hagar bare Ishmael to Abram.	
Genesis 16:5	And Sarai said unto Abram, My wrong be upon thee: I have given my maid into thy bosom; and when she saw that she had conceived, I was despised in her eyes: the LORD judge between me and thee.	
Genesis 16:8	And he said, Hagar, Sarai's maid, whence camest thou? and whither wilt thou go? And she said, I flee from the face of my mistress Sarai.	
Genesis 16:9	And the angel of the LORD said unto her, Return to thy mistress, and submit thyself under her hands.	
Genesis 17:2	And I will make my covenant between me and thee, and will multiply thee exceedingly.	
Genesis 17:21	But my covenant will I establish with Isaac, which Sarah shall bear unto thee at this set time in the next year.	
Genesis 17:3	And Abram fell on his face: and God talked with him, saying,	
Genesis 17:5	Neither shall thy name any more be called Abram, but thy name shall be Abraham; for a father of many nations have I made thee.	
Genesis 17:7	And I will establish my covenant between me and thee and thy seed after thee in their generations for an everlasting covenant, to be a God unto thee, and to thy seed after thee.	
Genesis 17:9	And God said unto Abraham, Thou shalt keep my covenant therefore, thou, and thy seed after thee in their generations.	
Genesis 18:17	And the LORD said, Shall I hide from Abraham that thing which I do;	
Genesis 18:19	For I know him, that he will command his children and his household after him, and they shall keep the way of the LORD, to do justice and judgment; that the LORD may bring upon Abraham that which he hath spoken of him.	
Genesis 18:22	And the men turned their faces from thence, and went toward Sodom: but Abraham stood yet before the LORD.	
Genesis 18:25	That be far from thee to do after this manner, to slay the righteous with the wicked: and that the righteous should be as the wicked, that be far from thee: Shall not the Judge of all the earth do right?	
Genesis 18:32	And he said, Oh let not the LORD be angry, and I will speak yet but this once: Peradventure ten shall be found there. And he said, I will not destroy it for ten's sake.	
Genesis 18:5	And I will fetch a morsel of bread, and comfort ye your hearts; after that ye shall pass on: for therefore are ye come to your servant. And they said, So do, as thou hast said.	
Genesis 18:9	And they said unto him, Where is Sarah thy wife? And he said, Behold, in the tent.	
Genesis 19:1	And there came two angels to Sodom at even; and Lot sat in the gate of Sodom: and Lot seeing them rose up to meet them; and he bowed himself with his face toward the ground;	
Genesis 19:10	But the men put forth their hand, and pulled Lot into the house to them, and shut to the door.	
Genesis 19:11	And they smote the men that were at the door of the house with blindness, both small and great: so that they wearied themselves to find the door.	
Genesis 19:13	For we will destroy this place, because the cry of them is waxen great before the face of the LORD; and the LORD hath sent us to destroy it.	
Genesis 19:18	And Lot said unto them, Oh, not so, my LORD:	
Genesis 19:19	Behold now, thy servant hath found grace in thy sight, and thou hast magnified thy mercy, which thou hast showed unto me in saving my life; and I cannot escape to the mountain, lest some evil take me, and I die:	
Genesis 19:24	Then the LORD rained upon Sodom and upon Gomorrah brimstone and fire from the LORD out of heaven;	
Genesis 19:25	And he overthrew those cities, and all the plain, and all the inhabitants of the cities, and that which grew upon the ground.	
Genesis 19:27	And Abraham gat up early in the morning to the place where he stood before the LORD:	
Genesis 19:4	But before they lay down, the men of the city, even the men of Sodom, compassed the house round, both old and young, all the people from every quarter:	
Genesis 1:17	And God set them in the firmament of the heaven to give light upon the earth,	
Genesis 1:19	And the evening and the morning were the fourth day.	
Genesis 1:20	And God said, Let the waters bring forth abundantly the moving creature that hath life, and fowl that may fly above the earth in the open firmament of heaven.	
Genesis 1:29	And God said, Behold, I have given you every herb bearing seed, which is upon the face of all the earth, and every tree, in the which is the fruit of a tree yielding seed; to you it shall be for meat.	
Genesis 1:4	And God saw the light, that it was good: and God divided the light from the darkness.	
Genesis 1:9	And God said, Let the waters under the heaven be gathered together unto one place, and let the dry land appear: and it was so.	
Genesis 20:12	And yet indeed she is my sister; she is the daughter of my father, but not the daughter of my mother; and she became my wife.	
Genesis 20:3	But God came to Abimelech in a dream by night, and said to him, Behold, thou art but a dead man, for the woman which thou hast taken; for she is a man's wife.	
Genesis 20:6	And God said unto him in a dream, Yea, I know that thou didst this in the integrity of thy heart; for I also withheld thee from sinning against me: therefore suffered I thee not to touch her.	
Genesis 20:8	Therefore Abimelech rose early in the morning, and called all his servants, and told all these things in their ears: and the men were sore afraid.	
Genesis 21:2	For Sarah conceived, and bare Abraham a son in his old age, at the set time of which God had spoken to him.	
Genesis 21:23	Now therefore swear unto me here by God that thou wilt not deal falsely with me, nor with my son, nor with my son's son: but according to the kindness that I have done unto thee, thou shalt do unto me, and to the land wherein thou hast sojourned.	
Genesis 21:25	And Abraham reproved Abimelech because of a well of water, which Abimelech's servants had violently taken away.	
Genesis 21:26	And Abimelech said, I wot not who hath done this thing; neither didst thou tell me, neither yet heard I of it, but to day.	
Genesis 21:4	And Abraham circumcised his son Isaac being eight days old, as God had commanded him.	
Genesis 21:5	And Abraham was an hundred years old, when his son Isaac was born unto him.	
Genesis 21:7	And she said, Who would have said unto Abraham, that Sarah should have given children suck? for I have born him a son in his old age.	
Genesis 21:9	And Sarah saw the son of Hagar the Egyptian, which she had born unto Abraham, mocking.	
Genesis 22:11	And the angel of the LORD called unto him out of heaven, and said, Abraham, Abraham: and he said, Here am I.	
Genesis 22:17	That in blessing I will bless thee, and in multiplying I will multiply thy seed as the stars of the heaven, and as the sand which is upon the sea shore; and thy seed shall possess the gate of his enemies;	
Genesis 22:19	So Abraham returned unto his young men, and they rose up and went together to Beersheba; and Abraham dwelt at Beersheba.	
Genesis 22:20	And it came to pass after these things, that it was told Abraham, saying, Behold, Milcah, she hath also born children unto thy brother Nahor;	
Genesis 22:22	And Chesed, and Hazo, and Pildash, and Jidlaph, and Bethuel.	
Genesis 22:7	And Isaac spake unto Abraham his father, and said, My father: and he said, Here am I, my son. And he said, Behold the fire and the wood: but where is the lamb for a burnt offering?	
Genesis 22:8	And Abraham said, My son, God will provide himself a lamb for a burnt offering: so they went both of them together.	
Genesis 23:13	And he spake unto Ephron in the audience of the people of the land, saying, But if thou wilt give it, I pray thee, hear me: I will give thee money for the field; take it of me, and I will bury my dead there.	
Genesis 23:14	And Ephron answered Abraham, saying unto him,	
Genesis 23:15	My lord, hearken unto me: the land is worth four hundred shekels of silver; what is that betwixt me and thee? bury therefore thy dead.	
Genesis 23:18	Unto Abraham for a possession in the presence of the children of Heth, before all that went in at the gate of his city.	
Genesis 23:2	And Sarah died in Kirjatharba; the same is Hebron in the land of Canaan: and Abraham came to mourn for Sarah, and to weep for her.	
Genesis 24:1	And Abraham was old, and well stricken in age: and the LORD had blessed Abraham in all things.	
Genesis 24:12	And he said O LORD God of my master Abraham, I pray thee, send me good speed this day, and show kindness unto my master Abraham.	
Genesis 24:14	And let it come to pass, that the damsel to whom I shall say, Let down thy pitcher, I pray thee, that I may drink; and she shall say, Drink, and I will give thy camels drink also: let the same be she that thou hast appointed for thy servant Isaac; and thereby shall I know that thou hast showed kindness unto my master.	
Genesis 24:19	And when she had done giving him drink, she said, I will draw water for thy camels also, until they have done drinking.	
Genesis 24:21	And the man wondering at her held his peace, to wit whether the LORD had made his journey prosperous or not.	
Genesis 24:26	And the man bowed down his head, and worshipped the LORD.	
Genesis 24:29	And Rebekah had a brother, and his name was Laban: and Laban ran out unto the man, unto the well.	
Genesis 24:31	And he said, Come in, thou blessed of the LORD; wherefore standest thou without? for I have prepared the house, and room for the camels.	
Genesis 24:33	And there was set meat before him to eat: but he said, I will not eat, until I have told mine errand. And he said, Speak on.	
Genesis 24:39	And I said unto my master, Peradventure the woman will not follow me.	
Genesis 24:44	And she say to me, Both drink thou, and I will also draw for thy camels: let the same be the woman whom the LORD hath appointed out for my master's son.	
Genesis 24:45	And before I had done speaking in mine heart, behold, Rebekah came forth with her pitcher on her shoulder; and she went down unto the well, and drew water: and I said unto her, Let me drink, I pray thee.	
Genesis 24:51	Behold, Rebekah is before thee, take her, and go, and let her be thy master's son's wife, as the LORD hath spoken.	
Genesis 24:54	And they did eat and drink, he and the men that were with him, and tarried all night; and they rose up in the morning, and he said, Send me away unto my master.	
Genesis 24:62	And Isaac came from the way of the well Lahairoi; for he dwelt in the south country.	
Genesis 24:64	And Rebekah lifted up her eyes, and when she saw Isaac, she lighted off the camel.	
Genesis 24:8	And if the woman will not be willing to follow thee, then thou shalt be clear from this my oath: only bring not my son thither again.	
Genesis 25:10	The field which Abraham purchased of the sons of Heth: there was Abraham buried, and Sarah his wife.	
Genesis 25:11	And it came to pass after the death of Abraham, that God blessed his son Isaac; and Isaac dwelt by the well Lahairoi.	
Genesis 25:16	These are the sons of Ishmael, and these are their names, by their towns, and by their castles; twelve princes according to their nations.	
Genesis 25:17	And these are the years of the life of Ishmael, an hundred and thirty and seven years: and he gave up the ghost and died; and was gathered unto his people.	
Genesis 25:19	And these are the generations of Isaac, Abraham's son: Abraham begat Isaac:	
Genesis 25:22	And the children struggled together within her; and she said, If it be so, why am I thus? And she went to inquire of the LORD.	
Genesis 25:23	And the LORD said unto her, Two nations are in thy womb, and two manner of people shall be separated from thy bowels; and the one people shall be stronger than the other people; and the elder shall serve the younger.	
Genesis 25:25	And the first came out red, all over like an hairy garment; and they called his name Esau.	
Genesis 25:29	And Jacob sod pottage: and Esau came from the field, and he was faint:	
Genesis 25:32	And Esau said, Behold, I am at the point to die: and what profit shall this birthright do to me?	
Genesis 26:10	And Abimelech said, What is this thou hast done unto us? one of the people might lightly have lien with thy wife, and thou shouldest have brought guiltiness upon us.	
Genesis 26:11	And Abimelech charged all his people, saying, He that toucheth this man or his wife shall surely be put to death.	
Genesis 26:23	And he went up from thence to Beersheba.	
Genesis 26:26	Then Abimelech went to him from Gerar, and Ahuzzath one of his friends, and Phichol the chief captain of his army.	
Genesis 26:3	Sojourn in this land, and I will be with thee, and will bless thee; for unto thee, and unto thy seed, I will give all these countries, and I will perform the oath which I sware unto Abraham thy father;	
Genesis 27:11	And Jacob said to Rebekah his mother, Behold, Esau my brother is a hairy man, and I am a smooth man:	
Genesis 27:14	And he went, and fetched, and brought them to his mother: and his mother made savory meat, such as his father loved.	
Genesis 27:18	And he came unto his father, and said, My father: and he said, Here am I; who art thou, my son?	
Genesis 27:2	And he said, Behold now, I am old, I know not the day of my death:	
Genesis 27:26	And his father Isaac said unto him, Come near now, and kiss me, my son.	
Genesis 27:29	Let people serve thee, and nations bow down to thee: be lord over thy brethren, and let thy mother's sons bow down to thee: cursed be every one that curseth thee, and blessed be he that blesseth thee.	
Genesis 27:33	And Isaac trembled very exceedingly, and said, Who? where is he that hath taken venison, and brought it me, and I have eaten of all before thou camest, and have blessed him? yea, and he shall be blessed.	
Genesis 27:38	And Esau said unto his father, Hast thou but one blessing, my father? bless me, even me also, O my father. And Esau lifted up his voice, and wept.	
Genesis 27:41	And Esau hated Jacob because of the blessing wherewith his father blessed him: and Esau said in his heart, The days of mourning for my father are at hand; then will I slay my brother Jacob.	
Genesis 27:43	Now therefore, my son, obey my voice; arise, flee thou to Laban my brother to Haran;	
Genesis 27:44	And tarry with him a few days, until thy brother's fury turn away;	
Genesis 27:8	Now therefore, my son, obey my voice according to that which I command thee.	
Genesis 27:9	Go now to the flock, and fetch me from thence two good kids of the goats; and I will make them savory meat for thy father, such as he loveth:	
Genesis 28:12	And he dreamed, and behold a ladder set up on the earth, and the top of it reached to heaven: and behold the angels of God ascending and descending on it.	
Genesis 28:14	And thy seed shall be as the dust of the earth, and thou shalt spread abroad to the west, and to the east, and to the north, and to the south: and in thee and in thy seed shall all the families of the earth be blessed.	
Genesis 28:16	And Jacob awaked out of his sleep, and he said, Surely the LORD is in this place; and I knew it not.	
Genesis 28:17	And he was afraid, and said, How dreadful is this place! this is none other but the house of God, and this is the gate of heaven.	
Genesis 28:19	And he called the name of that place Bethel: but the name of that city was called Luz at the first.	
Genesis 28:8	And Esau seeing that the daughters of Canaan pleased not Isaac his father;	
Genesis 29:15	And Laban said unto Jacob, Because thou art my brother, shouldest thou therefore serve me for nought? tell me, what shall thy wages be?	
Genesis 29:18	And Jacob loved Rachel; and said, I will serve thee seven years for Rachel thy younger daughter.	
Genesis 29:20	And Jacob served seven years for Rachel; and they seemed unto him but a few days, for the love he had to her.	
Genesis 29:21	And Jacob said unto Laban, Give me my wife, for my days are fulfilled, that I may go in unto her.	
Genesis 29:25	And it came to pass, that in the morning, behold, it was Leah: and he said to Laban, What is this thou hast done unto me? did not I serve with thee for Rachel? wherefore then hast thou beguiled me?	
Genesis 29:26	And Laban said, It must not be so done in our country, to give the younger before the firstborn.	
Genesis 29:6	And he said unto them, Is he well? And they said, He is well: and, behold, Rachel his daughter cometh with the sheep.	
Genesis 2:16	And the LORD God commanded the man, saying, Of every tree of the garden thou mayest freely eat:	
Genesis 2:22	And the rib, which the LORD God had taken from man, made he a woman, and brought her unto the man.	
Genesis 2:3	And God blessed the seventh day, and sanctified it: because that in it he had rested from all his work which God created and made.	
Genesis 30:13	And Leah said, Happy am I, for the daughters will call me blessed: and she called his name Asher.	
Genesis 30:19	And Leah conceived again, and bare Jacob the sixth son.	
Genesis 30:2	And Jacob's anger was kindled against Rachel: and he said, Am I in God's stead, who hath withheld from thee the fruit of the womb?	
Genesis 30:20	And Leah said, God hath endued me with a good dowry; now will my husband dwell with me, because I have born him six sons: and she called his name Zebulun.	
Genesis 30:21	And afterwards she bare a daughter, and called her name Dinah.	
Genesis 30:22	And God remembered Rachel, and God hearkened to her, and opened her womb.	
Genesis 30:24	And she called his name Joseph; and said, The LORD shall add to me another son.	
Genesis 30:26	Give me my wives and my children, for whom I have served thee, and let me go: for thou knowest my service which I have done thee.	
Genesis 30:34	And Laban said, Behold, I would it might be according to thy word.	
Genesis 30:40	And Jacob did separate the lambs, and set the faces of the flocks toward the ring-streaked, and all the brown in the flock of Laban; and he put his own flocks by themselves, and put them not unto Laban's cattle.	
Genesis 30:9	When Leah saw that she had left bearing, she took Zilpah her maid, and gave her Jacob to wife.	
Genesis 31:10	And it came to pass at the time that the cattle conceived, that I lifted up mine eyes, and saw in a dream, and, behold, the rams which leaped upon the cattle were ring-streaked, speckled, and grizzled.	
Genesis 31:11	And the angel of God spake unto me in a dream, saying, Jacob: And I said, Here am I.	
Genesis 31:2	And Jacob beheld the countenance of Laban, and, behold, it was not toward him as before.	
Genesis 31:20	And Jacob stole away unawares to Laban the Syrian, in that he told him not that he fled.	
Genesis 31:25	Then Laban overtook Jacob. Now Jacob had pitched his tent in the mount: and Laban with his brethren pitched in the mount of Gilead.	
Genesis 31:30	And now, though thou wouldest needs be gone, because thou sore longedst after thy father's house, yet wherefore hast thou stolen my gods?	
Genesis 31:31	And Jacob answered and said to Laban, Because I was afraid: for I said, Peradventure thou wouldest take by force thy daughters from me.	
Genesis 31:35	And she said to her father, Let it not displease my lord that I cannot rise up before thee; for the custom of women is upon me. And he searched but found not the images.	
Genesis 31:39	That which was torn of beasts I brought not unto thee; I bare the loss of it; of my hand didst thou require it, whether stolen by day, or stolen by night.	
Genesis 31:4	And Jacob sent and called Rachel and Leah to the field unto his flock,	
Genesis 31:42	Except the God of my father, the God of Abraham, and the fear of Isaac, had been with me, surely thou hadst sent me away now empty. God hath seen mine affliction and the labor of my hands, and rebuked thee yesternight.	
Genesis 31:43	And Laban answered and said unto Jacob, These daughters are my daughters, and these children are my children, and these cattle are my cattle, and all that thou seest is mine: and what can I do this day unto these my daughters, or unto their children which they have born?	
Genesis 31:44	Now therefore come thou, let us make a covenant, I and thou; and let it be for a witness between me and thee.	
Genesis 31:46	And Jacob said unto his brethren, Gather stones; and they took stones, and made an heap: and they did eat there upon the heap.	
Genesis 31:49	And Mizpah; for he said, The LORD watch between me and thee, when we are absent one from another.	
Genesis 31:5	And said unto them, I see your father's countenance, that it is not toward me as before; but the God of my father hath been with me.	
Genesis 31:52	This heap be witness, and this pillar be witness, that I will not pass over this heap to thee, and that thou shalt not pass over this heap and this pillar unto me, for harm.	
Genesis 31:53	The God of Abraham, and the God of Nahor, the God of their father, judge betwixt us. And Jacob sware by the fear of his father Isaac.	
Genesis 31:55	And early in the morning Laban rose up, and kissed his sons and his daughters, and blessed them: and Laban departed, and returned unto his place.	
Genesis 31:7	And your father hath deceived me, and changed my wages ten times; but God suffered him not to hurt me.	
Genesis 32:1	And Jacob went on his way, and the angels of God met him.	
Genesis 32:13	And he lodged there that same night; and took of that which came to his hand a present for Esau his brother;	
Genesis 32:16	And he delivered them into the hand of his servants, every drove by themselves; and said unto his servants, Pass over before me, and put a space betwixt drove and drove.	
Genesis 32:17	And he commanded the foremost, saying, When Esau my brother meeteth thee, and asketh thee, saying, Whose art thou? and whither goest thou? and whose are these before thee?	
Genesis 32:24	And Jacob was left alone; and there wrestled a man with him until the breaking of the day.	
Genesis 32:26	And he said, Let me go, for the day breaketh. And he said, I will not let thee go, except thou bless me.	
Genesis 32:29	And Jacob asked him, and said, Tell me, I pray thee, thy name. And he said, Wherefore is it that thou dost ask after my name? And he blessed him there.	
Genesis 32:3	And Jacob sent messengers before him to Esau his brother unto the land of Seir, the country of Edom.	
Genesis 32:6	And the messengers returned to Jacob, saying, We came to thy brother Esau, and also he cometh to meet thee, and four hundred men with him.	
Genesis 32:8	And said, If Esau come to the one company, and smite it, then the other company which is left shall escape.	
Genesis 33:1	And Jacob lifted up his eyes, and looked, and, behold, Esau came, and with him four hundred men. And he divided the children unto Leah, and unto Rachel, and unto the two handmaids.	
Genesis 33:10	And Jacob said, Nay, I pray thee, if now I have found grace in thy sight, then receive my present at my hand: for therefore I have seen thy face, as though I had seen the face of God, and thou wast pleased with me.	
Genesis 33:11	Take, I pray thee, my blessing that is brought to thee; because God hath dealt graciously with me, and because I have enough. And he urged him, and he took it.	
Genesis 33:17	And Jacob journeyed to Succoth, and built him an house, and made booths for his cattle: therefore the name of the place is called Succoth.	
Genesis 33:19	And he bought a parcel of a field, where he had spread his tent, at the hand of the children of Hamor, Shechem's father, for an hundred pieces of money.	
Genesis 33:2	And he put the handmaids and their children foremost, and Leah and her children after, and Rachel and Joseph hindermost.	
Genesis 33:4	And Esau ran to meet him, and embraced him, and fell on his neck, and kissed him: and they wept.	
Genesis 33:7	And Leah also with her children came near, and bowed themselves: and after came Joseph near and Rachel, and they bowed themselves.	
Genesis 34:11	And Shechem said unto her father and unto her brethren, Let me find grace in your eyes, and what ye shall say unto me I will give.	
Genesis 34:12	Ask me never so much dowry and gift, and I will give according as ye shall say unto me: but give me the damsel to wife.	
Genesis 34:14	And they said unto them, We cannot do this thing, to give our sister to one that is uncircumcised; for that were a reproach unto us:	
Genesis 34:19	And the young man deferred not to do the thing, because he had delight in Jacob's daughter: and he was more honorable than all the house of his father.	
Genesis 34:2	And when Shechem the son of Hamor the Hivite, prince of the country, saw her, he took her, and lay with her, and defiled her.	
Genesis 34:23	Shall not their cattle and their substance and every beast of theirs be ours? only let us consent unto them, and they will dwell with us.	
Genesis 34:4	And Shechem spake unto his father Hamor, saying, Get me this damsel to wife.	
Genesis 34:8	And Hamor communed with them, saying, The soul of my son Shechem longeth for your daughter: I pray you give her him to wife.	
Genesis 35:1	And God said unto Jacob, Arise, go up to Bethel, and dwell there: and make there an altar unto God, that appeared unto thee when thou fleddest from the face of Esau thy brother.	
Genesis 35:14	And Jacob set up a pillar in the place where he talked with him, even a pillar of stone: and he poured a drink offering thereon, and he poured oil thereon.	
Genesis 35:15	And Jacob called the name of the place where God spake with him, Bethel.	
Genesis 35:24	The sons of Rachel; Joseph, and Benjamin:	
Genesis 35:8	But Deborah Rebekah's nurse died, and she was buried beneath Bethel under an oak: and the name of it was called Allonbachuth.	
Genesis 35:9	And God appeared unto Jacob again, when he came out of Padanaram, and blessed him.	
Genesis 36:23	And the children of Shobal were these; Alvan, and Manahath, and Ebal, Shepho, and Onam.	
Genesis 36:25	And the children of Anah were these; Dishon, and Aholibamah the daughter of Anah.	
Genesis 36:27	The children of Ezer are these; Bilhan, and Zaavan, and Akan.	
Genesis 36:35	And Husham died, and Hadad the son of Bedad, who smote Midian in the field of Moab, reigned in his stead: and the name of his city was Avith.	
Genesis 36:36	And Hadad died, and Samlah of Masrekah reigned in his stead.	
Genesis 36:39	And Baalhanan the son of Achbor died, and Hadar reigned in his stead: and the name of his city was Pau; and his wife's name was Mehetabel, the daughter of Matred, the daughter of Mezahab.	
Genesis 36:4	And Adah bare to Esau Eliphaz; and Bashemath bare Reuel;	
Genesis 36:40	And these are the names of the dukes that came of Esau, according to their families, after their places, by their names; duke Timnah, duke Alvah, duke Jetheth,	
Genesis 36:41	Duke Aholibamah, duke Elah, duke Pinon,	
Genesis 37:14	And he said to him, Go, I pray thee, see whether it be well with thy brethren, and well with the flocks; and bring me word again. So he sent him out of the vale of Hebron, and he came to Shechem.	
Genesis 37:17	And the man said, They are departed hence; for I heard them say, Let us go to Dothan. And Joseph went after his brethren, and found them in Dothan.	
Genesis 37:2	These are the generations of Jacob. Joseph, being seventeen years old, was feeding the flock with his brethren; and the lad was with the sons of Bilhah, and with the sons of Zilpah, his father's wives: and Joseph brought unto his father their evil report.	
Genesis 37:25	And they sat down to eat bread: and they lifted up their eyes and looked, and, behold, a company of Ishmaelites came from Gilead with their camels bearing spicery and balm and myrrh, going to carry it down to Egypt.	
Genesis 37:31	And they took Joseph's coat, and killed a kid of the goats, and dipped the coat in the blood;	
Genesis 37:32	And they sent the coat of many colors, and they brought it to their father; and said, This have we found: know now whether it be thy son's coat or no.	
Genesis 37:34	And Jacob rent his clothes, and put sackcloth upon his loins, and mourned for his son many days.	
Genesis 37:7	For, behold, we were binding sheaves in the field, and, lo, my sheaf arose, and also stood upright; and, behold, your sheaves stood round about, and made obeisance to my sheaf.	
Genesis 38:11	Then said Judah to Tamar his daughter in law, Remain a widow at thy father's house, till Shelah my son be grown: for he said, Lest peradventure he die also, as his brethren did. And Tamar went and dwelt in her father's house.	
Genesis 38:14	And she put her widow's garments off from her, and covered her with a vail, and wrapped herself, and sat in an open place, which is by the way to Timnath; for she saw that Shelah was grown, and she was not given unto him to wife.	
Genesis 38:15	When Judah saw her, he thought her to be an harlot; because she had covered her face.	
Genesis 38:25	When she was brought forth, she sent to her father in law, saying, By the man, whose these are, am I with child: and she said, Discern, I pray thee, whose are these, the signet, and bracelets, and staff.	
Genesis 38:30	And afterward came out his brother, that had the scarlet thread upon his hand: and his name was called Zarah.	
Genesis 38:5	And she yet again conceived, and bare a son; and called his name Shelah: and he was at Chezib, when she bare him.	
Genesis 39:11	And it came to pass about this time, that Joseph went into the house to do his business; and there was none of the men of the house there within.	
Genesis 39:12	And she caught him by his garment, saying, Lie with me: and he left his garment in her hand, and fled, and got him out.	
Genesis 39:16	And she laid up his garment by her, until his lord came home.	
Genesis 39:19	And it came to pass, when his master heard the words of his wife, which she spake unto him, saying, After this manner did thy servant to me; that his wrath was kindled.	
Genesis 39:23	The keeper of the prison looked not to any thing that was under his hand; because the LORD was with him, and that which he did, the LORD made it to prosper.	
Genesis 39:7	And it came to pass after these things, that his master's wife cast her eyes upon Joseph; and she said, Lie with me.	
Genesis 39:8	But he refused, and said unto his master's wife, Behold, my master wotteth not what is with me in the house, and he hath committed all that he hath to my hand;	
Genesis 3:17	And unto Adam he said, Because thou hast hearkened unto the voice of thy wife, and hast eaten of the tree, of which I commanded thee, saying, Thou shalt not eat of it: cursed is the ground for thy sake; in sorrow shalt thou eat of it all the days of thy life;	
Genesis 3:5	For God doth know that in the day ye eat thereof, then your eyes shall be opened, and ye shall be as gods, knowing good and evil.	
Genesis 40:11	And Pharaoh's cup was in my hand: and I took the grapes, and pressed them into Pharaoh's cup, and I gave the cup into Pharaoh's hand.	
Genesis 40:12	And Joseph said unto him, This is the interpretation of it: The three branches are three days:	
Genesis 40:19	Yet within three days shall Pharaoh lift up thy head from off thee, and shall hang thee on a tree; and the birds shall eat thy flesh from off thee.	
Genesis 40:23	Yet did not the chief butler remember Joseph, but forgat him.	
Genesis 40:3	And he put them in ward in the house of the captain of the guard, into the prison, the place where Joseph was bound.	
Genesis 40:7	And he asked Pharaoh's officers that were with him in the ward of his lord's house, saying, Wherefore look ye so sadly to day?	
Genesis 40:9	And the chief butler told his dream to Joseph, and said to him, In my dream, behold, a vine was before me;	
Genesis 41:2	And, behold, there came up out of the river seven well favored kine and fatfleshed; and they fed in a meadow.	
Genesis 41:22	And I saw in my dream, and, behold, seven ears came up in one stalk, full and good:	
Genesis 41:26	The seven good kine are seven years; and the seven good ears are seven years: the dream is one.	
Genesis 41:27	And the seven thin and ill favored kine that came up after them are seven years; and the seven empty ears blasted with the east wind shall be seven years of famine.	
Genesis 41:29	Behold, there come seven years of great plenty throughout all the land of Egypt:	
Genesis 41:3	And, behold, seven other kine came up after them out of the river, ill favored and leanfleshed; and stood by the other kine upon the brink of the river.	
Genesis 41:31	And the plenty shall not be known in the land by reason of that famine following; for it shall be very grievous.	
Genesis 41:41	And Pharaoh said unto Joseph, See, I have set thee over all the land of Egypt.	
Genesis 41:45	And Pharaoh called Joseph's name Zaphnathpaaneah; and he gave him to wife Asenath the daughter of Potipherah priest of On. And Joseph went out over all the land of Egypt.	
Genesis 41:56	And the famine was over all the face of the earth: and Joseph opened all the storehouses, and sold unto the Egyptians; and the famine waxed sore in the land of Egypt.	
Genesis 41:57	And all countries came into Egypt to Joseph for to buy corn; because that the famine was so sore in all lands.	
Genesis 41:6	And, behold, seven thin ears and blasted with the east wind sprung up after them.	
Genesis 42:11	We are all one man's sons; we are true men, thy servants are no spies.	
Genesis 42:15	Hereby ye shall be proved: By the life of Pharaoh ye shall not go forth hence, except your youngest brother come hither.	
Genesis 42:28	And he said unto his brethren, My money is restored; and, lo, it is even in my sack: and their heart failed them, and they were afraid, saying one to another, What is this that God hath done unto us?	
Genesis 42:32	We be twelve brethren, sons of our father; one is not, and the youngest is this day with our father in the land of Canaan.	
Genesis 42:34	And bring your youngest brother unto me: then shall I know that ye are no spies, but that ye are true men: so will I deliver you your brother, and ye shall traffic in the land.	
Genesis 42:38	And he said, My son shall not go down with you; for his brother is dead, and he is left alone: if mischief befall him by the way in the which ye go, then shall ye bring down my gray hairs with sorrow to the grave.	
Genesis 42:4	But Benjamin, Joseph's brother, Jacob sent not with his brethren; for he said, Lest peradventure mischief befall him.	
Genesis 42:6	And Joseph was the governor over the land, and he it was that sold to all the people of the land: and Joseph's brethren came, and bowed down themselves before him with their faces to the earth.	
Genesis 43:12	And take double money in your hand; and the money that was brought again in the mouth of your sacks, carry it again in your hand; peradventure it was an oversight:	
Genesis 43:17	And the man did as Joseph bade; and the man brought the men into Joseph's house.	
Genesis 43:26	And when Joseph came home, they brought him the present which was in their hand into the house, and bowed themselves to him to the earth.	
Genesis 43:28	And they answered, Thy servant our father is in good health, he is yet alive. And they bowed down their heads, and made obeisance.	
Genesis 43:31	And he washed his face, and went out, and refrained himself, and said, Set on bread.	
Genesis 43:32	And they set on for him by himself, and for them by themselves, and for the Egyptians, which did eat with him, by themselves: because the Egyptians might not eat bread with the Hebrews; for that is an abomination unto the Egyptians.	
Genesis 43:33	And they sat before him, the firstborn according to his birthright, and the youngest according to his youth: and the men marveled one at another.	
Genesis 43:4	If thou wilt send our brother with us, we will go down and buy thee food:	
Genesis 43:8	And Judah said unto Israel his father, Send the lad with me, and we will arise and go; that we may live, and not die, both we, and thou, and also our little ones.	
Genesis 43:9	I will be surety for him; of my hand shalt thou require him: if I bring him not unto thee, and set him before thee, then let me bear the blame for ever:	
Genesis 44:12	And he searched, and began at the eldest, and left at the youngest: and the cup was found in Benjamin's sack.	
Genesis 44:15	And Joseph said unto them, What deed is this that ye have done? wot ye not that such a man as I can certainly divine?	
Genesis 44:17	And he said, God forbid that I should do so: but the man in whose hand the cup is found, he shall be my servant; and as for you, get you up in peace unto your father.	
Genesis 44:18	Then Judah came near unto him, and said, Oh my lord, let thy servant, I pray thee, speak a word in my lord's ears, and let not thine anger burn against thy servant: for thou art even as Pharaoh.	
Genesis 44:21	And thou saidst unto thy servants, Bring him down unto me, that I may set mine eyes upon him.	
Genesis 44:22	And we said unto my lord, The lad cannot leave his father: for if he should leave his father, his father would die.	
Genesis 44:25	And our father said, Go again, and buy us a little food.	
Genesis 44:27	And thy servant my father said unto us, Ye know that my wife bare me two sons:	
Genesis 44:29	And if ye take this also from me, and mischief befall him, ye shall bring down my gray hairs with sorrow to the grave.	
Genesis 44:34	For how shall I go up to my father, and the lad be not with me? lest peradventure I see the evil that shall come on my father.	
Genesis 44:4	And when they were gone out of the city, and not yet far off, Joseph said unto his steward, Up, follow after the men; and when thou dost overtake them, say unto them, Wherefore have ye rewarded evil for good?	
Genesis 44:6	And he overtook them, and he spake unto them these same words.	
Genesis 45:10	And thou shalt dwell in the land of Goshen, and thou shalt be near unto me, thou, and thy children, and thy children's children, and thy flocks, and thy herds, and all that thou hast:	
Genesis 45:13	And ye shall tell my father of all my glory in Egypt, and of all that ye have seen; and ye shall haste and bring down my father hither.	
Genesis 45:16	And the fame thereof was heard in Pharaoh's house, saying, Joseph's brethren are come: and it pleased Pharaoh well, and his servants.	
Genesis 45:18	And take your father and your households, and come unto me: and I will give you the good of the land of Egypt, and ye shall eat the fat of the land.	
Genesis 45:20	Also regard not your stuff; for the good of all the land of Egypt is yours.	
Genesis 45:26	And told him, saying, Joseph is yet alive, and he is governor over all the land of Egypt. And Jacob's heart fainted, for he believed them not.	
Genesis 46:1	And Israel took his journey with all that he had, and came to Beersheba, and offered sacrifices unto the God of his father Isaac.	
Genesis 46:10	And the sons of Simeon; Jemuel, and Jamin, and Ohad, and Jachin, and Zohar, and Shaul the son of a Canaanitish woman.	
Genesis 46:13	And the sons of Issachar; Tola, and Phuvah, and Job, and Shimron.	
Genesis 46:14	And the sons of Zebulun; Sered, and Elon, and Jahleel.	
Genesis 46:15	These be the sons of Leah, which she bare unto Jacob in Padanaram, with his daughter Dinah: all the souls of his sons and his daughters were thirty and three.	
Genesis 46:18	These are the sons of Zilpah, whom Laban gave to Leah his daughter, and these she bare unto Jacob, even sixteen souls.	
Genesis 46:19	The sons of Rachel Jacob's wife; Joseph, and Benjamin.	
Genesis 46:23	And the sons of Dan; Hushim.	
Genesis 46:24	And the sons of Naphtali; Jahzeel, and Guni, and Jezer, and Shillem.	
Genesis 46:25	These are the sons of Bilhah, which Laban gave unto Rachel his daughter, and she bare these unto Jacob: all the souls were seven.	
Genesis 46:26	All the souls that came with Jacob into Egypt, which came out of his loins, besides Jacob's sons' wives, all the souls were threescore and six;	
Genesis 46:27	And the sons of Joseph, which were born him in Egypt, were two souls: all the souls of the house of Jacob, which came into Egypt, were threescore and ten.	
Genesis 46:31	And Joseph said unto his brethren, and unto his father's house, I will go up, and show Pharaoh, and say unto him, My brethren, and my father's house, which were in the land of Canaan, are come unto me;	
Genesis 46:33	And it shall come to pass, when Pharaoh shall call you, and shall say, What is your occupation?	
Genesis 46:7	His sons, and his sons' sons with him, his daughters, and his sons' daughters, and all his seed brought he with him into Egypt.	
Genesis 46:8	And these are the names of the children of Israel, which came into Egypt, Jacob and his sons: Reuben, Jacob's firstborn.	
Genesis 47:1	Then Joseph came and told Pharaoh, and said, My father and my brethren, and their flocks, and their herds, and all that they have, are come out of the land of Canaan; and, behold, they are in the land of Goshen.	
Genesis 47:13	And there was no bread in all the land; for the famine was very sore, so that the land of Egypt and all the land of Canaan fainted by reason of the famine.	
Genesis 47:2	And he took some of his brethren, even five men, and presented them unto Pharaoh.	
Genesis 47:23	Then Joseph said unto the people, Behold, I have bought you this day and your land for Pharaoh: lo, here is seed for you, and ye shall sow the land.	
Genesis 47:26	And Joseph made it a law over the land of Egypt unto this day, that Pharaoh should have the fifth part, except the land of the priests only, which became not Pharaoh's.	
Genesis 47:6	The land of Egypt is before thee; in the best of the land make thy father and brethren to dwell; in the land of Goshen let them dwell: and if thou knowest any men of activity among them, then make them rulers over my cattle.	
Genesis 47:7	And Joseph brought in Jacob his father, and set him before Pharaoh: and Jacob blessed Pharaoh.	
Genesis 47:9	And Jacob said unto Pharaoh, The days of the years of my pilgrimage are an hundred and thirty years: few and evil have the days of the years of my life been, and have not attained unto the days of the years of the life of my fathers in the days of their pilgrimage.	
Genesis 48:13	And Joseph took them both, Ephraim in his right hand toward Israel's left hand, and Manasseh in his left hand toward Israel's right hand, and brought them near unto him.	
Genesis 48:16	The Angel which redeemed me from all evil, bless the lads; and let my name be named on them, and the name of my fathers Abraham and Isaac; and let them grow into a multitude in the midst of the earth.	
Genesis 48:17	And when Joseph saw that his father laid his right hand upon the head of Ephraim, it displeased him: and he held up his father's hand, to remove it from Ephraim's head unto Manasseh's head.	
Genesis 48:21	And Israel said unto Joseph, Behold, I die: but God shall be with you, and bring you again unto the land of your fathers.	
Genesis 48:5	And now thy two sons, Ephraim and Manasseh, which were born unto thee in the land of Egypt before I came unto thee into Egypt, are mine; as Reuben and Simeon, they shall be mine.	
Genesis 49:17	Dan shall be a serpent by the way, an adder in the path, that biteth the horse heels, so that his rider shall fall backward.	
Genesis 49:21	Naphtali is a hind let loose: he giveth goodly words.	
Genesis 49:25	Even by the God of thy father, who shall help thee; and by the Almighty, who shall bless thee with blessings of heaven above, blessings of the deep that lieth under, blessings of the breasts, and of the womb:	
Genesis 49:3	Reuben, thou art my firstborn, my might, and the beginning of my strength, the excellency of dignity, and the excellency of power:	
Genesis 49:30	In the cave that is in the field of Machpelah, which is before Mamre, in the land of Canaan, which Abraham bought with the field of Ephron the Hittite for a possession of a buryingplace.	
Genesis 49:33	And when Jacob had made an end of commanding his sons, he gathered up his feet into the bed, and yielded up the ghost, and was gathered unto his people.	
Genesis 49:4	Unstable as water, thou shalt not excel; because thou wentest up to thy father's bed; then defiledst thou it: he went up to my couch.	
Genesis 49:5	Simeon and Levi are brethren; instruments of cruelty are in their habitations.	
Genesis 49:7	Cursed be their anger, for it was fierce; and their wrath, for it was cruel: I will divide them in Jacob, and scatter them in Israel.	
Genesis 4:10	And he said, What hast thou done? the voice of thy brother's blood crieth unto me from the ground.	
Genesis 4:12	When thou tillest the ground, it shall not henceforth yield unto thee her strength; a fugitive and a vagabond shalt thou be in the earth.	
Genesis 4:14	Behold, thou hast driven me out this day from the face of the earth; and from thy face shall I be hid; and I shall be a fugitive and a vagabond in the earth; and it shall come to pass, that every one that findeth me shall slay me.	
Genesis 4:18	And unto Enoch was born Irad: and Irad begat Mehujael: and Mehujael begat Methusael: and Methusael begat Lamech.	
Genesis 4:20	And Adah bare Jabal: he was the father of such as dwell in tents, and of such as have cattle.	
Genesis 4:26	And to Seth, to him also there was born a son; and he called his name Enos: then began men to call upon the name of the LORD.	
Genesis 4:9	And the LORD said unto Cain, Where is Abel thy brother? And he said, I know not: Am I my brother's keeper?	
Genesis 50:1	And Joseph fell upon his father's face, and wept upon him, and kissed him.	
Genesis 50:10	And they came to the threshingfloor of Atad, which is beyond Jordan, and there they mourned with a great and very sore lamentation: and he made a mourning for his father seven days.	
Genesis 50:18	And his brethren also went and fell down before his face; and they said, Behold, we be thy servants.	
Genesis 50:23	And Joseph saw Ephraim's children of the third generation: the children also of Machir the son of Manasseh were brought up upon Joseph's knees.	
Genesis 5:11	And all the days of Enos were nine hundred and five years: and he died.	
Genesis 5:12	And Cainan lived seventy years and begat Mahalaleel:	
Genesis 5:13	And Cainan lived after he begat Mahalaleel eight hundred and forty years, and begat sons and daughters:	
Genesis 5:19	And Jared lived after he begat Enoch eight hundred years, and begat sons and daughters:	
Genesis 5:28	And Lamech lived an hundred eighty and two years, and begat a son:	
Genesis 5:29	And he called his name Noah, saying, This same shall comfort us concerning our work and toil of our hands, because of the ground which the LORD hath cursed.	
Genesis 5:32	And Noah was five hundred years old: and Noah begat Shem, Ham, and Japheth.	
Genesis 5:6	And Seth lived an hundred and five years, and begat Enos:	
Genesis 6:11	The earth also was corrupt before God, and the earth was filled with violence.	
Genesis 6:18	But with thee will I establish my covenant; and thou shalt come into the ark, thou, and thy sons, and thy wife, and thy sons' wives with thee.	
Genesis 6:20	Of fowls after their kind, and of cattle after their kind, of every creeping thing of the earth after his kind, two of every sort shall come unto thee, to keep them alive.	
Genesis 6:21	And take thou unto thee of all food that is eaten, and thou shalt gather it to thee; and it shall be for food for thee, and for them.	
Genesis 6:7	And the LORD said, I will destroy man whom I have created from the face of the earth; both man, and beast, and the creeping thing, and the fowls of the air; for it repenteth me that I have made them.	
Genesis 7:12	And the rain was upon the earth forty days and forty nights.	
Genesis 7:13	In the selfsame day entered Noah, and Shem, and Ham, and Japheth, the sons of Noah, and Noah's wife, and the three wives of his sons with them, into the ark;	
Genesis 7:15	And they went in unto Noah into the ark, two and two of all flesh, wherein is the breath of life.	
Genesis 7:16	And they that went in, went in male and female of all flesh, as God had commanded him: and the LORD shut him in.	
Genesis 7:17	And the flood was forty days upon the earth; and the waters increased, and bare up the ark, and it was lift up above the earth.	
Genesis 7:19	And the waters prevailed exceedingly upon the earth; and all the high hills, that were under the whole heaven, were covered.	
Genesis 8:10	And he stayed yet other seven days; and again he sent forth the dove out of the ark;	
Genesis 8:11	And the dove came in to him in the evening; and, lo, in her mouth was an olive leaf plucked off: so Noah knew that the waters were abated from off the earth.	
Genesis 8:5	And the waters decreased continually until the tenth month: in the tenth month, on the first day of the month, were the tops of the mountains seen.	
Genesis 8:7	And he sent forth a raven, which went forth to and fro, until the waters were dried up from off the earth.	
Genesis 8:9	But the dove found no rest for the sole of her foot, and she returned unto him into the ark, for the waters were on the face of the whole earth: then he put forth his hand, and took her, and pulled her in unto him into the ark.	
Genesis 9:11	And I will establish my covenant with you, neither shall all flesh be cut off any more by the waters of a flood; neither shall there any more be a flood to destroy the earth.	
Genesis 9:18	And the sons of Noah, that went forth of the ark, were Shem, and Ham, and Japheth: and Ham is the father of Canaan.	
Genesis 9:19	These are the three sons of Noah: and of them was the whole earth overspread.	
Genesis 9:2	And the fear of you and the dread of you shall be upon every beast of the earth, and upon every fowl of the air, upon all that moveth upon the earth, and upon all the fishes of the sea; into your hand are they delivered.	
Genesis 9:21	And he drank of the wine, and was drunken; and he was uncovered within his tent.	
Genesis 9:23	And Shem and Japheth took a garment, and laid it upon both their shoulders, and went backward, and covered the nakedness of their father; and their faces were backward, and they saw not their father's nakedness.	
Genesis 9:26	And he said, Blessed be the LORD God of Shem; and Canaan shall be his servant.	
Genesis 9:29	And all the days of Noah were nine hundred and fifty years: and he died.	
Genesis 9:6	Whoso sheddeth man's blood, by man shall his blood be shed: for in the image of God made he man.	
Habakkuk 1:1	The burden which Habakkuk the prophet did see.	
Habakkuk 1:4	Therefore the law is slacked, and judgment doth never go forth: for the wicked doth compass about the righteous; therefore wrong judgment proceedeth.	
Habakkuk 1:7	They are terrible and dreadful: their judgment and their dignity shall proceed of themselves.	
Habakkuk 2:14	For the earth shall be filled with the knowledge of the glory of the LORD, as the waters cover the sea.	
Habakkuk 2:17	For the violence of Lebanon shall cover thee, and the spoil of beasts, which made them afraid, because of men's blood, and for the violence of the land, of the city, and of all that dwell therein.	
Habakkuk 2:5	Yea also, because he transgresseth by wine, he is a proud man, neither keepeth at home, who enlargeth his desire as hell, and is as death, and cannot be satisfied, but gathereth unto him all nations, and heapeth unto him all people:	
Habakkuk 2:9	Woe to him that coveteth an evil covetousness to his house, that he may set his nest on high, that he may be delivered from the power of evil!	
Habakkuk 3:11	The sun and moon stood still in their habitation: at the light of thine arrows they went, and at the shining of thy glittering spear.	
Habakkuk 3:12	Thou didst march through the land in indignation, thou didst thresh the heathen in anger.	
Habakkuk 3:13	Thou wentest forth for the salvation of thy people, even for salvation with thine anointed; thou woundedst the head out of the house of the wicked, by discovering the foundation unto the neck. Selah.	
Habakkuk 3:14	Thou didst strike through with his staves the head of his villages: they came out as a whirlwind to scatter me: their rejoicing was as to devour the poor secretly.	
Habakkuk 3:15	Thou didst walk through the sea with thine horses, through the heap of great waters.	
Habakkuk 3:16	When I heard, my belly trembled; my lips quivered at the voice: rottenness entered into my bones, and I trembled in myself, that I might rest in the day of trouble: when he cometh up unto the people, he will invade them with his troops.	
Habakkuk 3:19	The LORD God is my strength, and he will make my feet like hinds' feet, and he will make me to walk upon mine high places. To the chief singer on my stringed instruments.	
Habakkuk 3:4	And his brightness was as the light; he had horns coming out of his hand: and there was the hiding of his power.	
Haggai 1:9	Ye looked for much, and, lo it came to little; and when ye brought it home, I did blow upon it. Why? saith the LORD of hosts. Because of mine house that is waste, and ye run every man unto his own house.	
Haggai 2:11	Thus saith the LORD of hosts; Ask now the priests concerning the law, saying,	
Haggai 2:18	Consider now from this day and upward, from the four and twentieth day of the ninth month, even from the day that the foundation of the LORD's temple was laid, consider it.	
Haggai 2:6	For thus saith the LORD of hosts; Yet once, it is a little while, and I will shake the heavens, and the earth, and the sea, and the dry land;	
Haggai 2:9	The glory of this latter house shall be greater than of the former, saith the LORD of hosts: and in this place will I give peace, saith the LORD of hosts.	
Hebrews 10:12	But this man, after he had offered one sacrifice for sins for ever, sat down on the right hand of God;	
Hebrews 10:15	Whereof the Holy Ghost also is a witness to us: for after that he had said before,	
Hebrews 10:21	And having an high priest over the house of God;	
Hebrews 10:26	For if we sin wilfully after that we have received the knowledge of the truth, there remaineth no more sacrifice for sins,	
Hebrews 10:38	Now the just shall live by faith: but if any man draw back, my soul shall have no pleasure in him.	
Hebrews 10:9	Then said he, Lo, I come to do thy will, O God. He taketh away the first, that he may establish the second.	
Hebrews 11:1	Now faith is the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things not seen.	
Hebrews 11:13	These all died in faith, not having received the promises, but having seen them afar off, and were persuaded of them, and embraced them, and confessed that they were strangers and pilgrims on the earth.	
Hebrews 11:14	For they that say such things declare plainly that they seek a country.	
Hebrews 11:2	For by it the elders obtained a good report.	
Hebrews 11:28	Through faith he kept the passover, and the sprinkling of blood, lest he that destroyed the firstborn should touch them.	
Hebrews 11:35	Women received their dead raised to life again: and others were tortured, not accepting deliverance; that they might obtain a better resurrection:	
Hebrews 11:36	And others had trial of cruel mockings and scourgings, yea, moreover of bonds and imprisonment:	
Hebrews 11:39	And these all, having obtained a good report through faith, received not the promise:	
Hebrews 11:5	By faith Enoch was translated that he should not see death; and was not found, because God had translated him: for before his translation he had this testimony, that he pleased God.	
Hebrews 12:12	Wherefore lift up the hands which hang down, and the feeble knees;	
Hebrews 12:15	Looking diligently lest any man fail of the grace of God; lest any root of bitterness springing up trouble you, and thereby many be defiled;	
Hebrews 12:16	Lest there be any fornicator, or profane person, as Esau, who for one morsel of meat sold his birthright.	
Hebrews 12:21	And so terrible was the sight, that Moses said, I exceedingly fear and quake:)	
Hebrews 12:23	To the general assembly and church of the firstborn, which are written in heaven, and to God the Judge of all, and to the spirits of just men made perfect,	
Hebrews 12:29	For our God is a consuming fire.	
Hebrews 12:9	Furthermore we have had fathers of our flesh which corrected us, and we gave them reverence: shall we not much rather be in subjection unto the Father of spirits, and live?	
Hebrews 13:12	Wherefore Jesus also, that he might sanctify the people with his own blood, suffered without the gate.	
Hebrews 13:2	Be not forgetful to entertain strangers: for thereby some have entertained angels unawares.	
Hebrews 13:21	Make you perfect in every good work to do his will, working in you that which is wellpleasing in his sight, through Jesus Christ; to whom be glory for ever and ever. Amen.	
Hebrews 13:23	Know ye that our brother Timothy is set at liberty; with whom, if he come shortly, I will see you.	
Hebrews 13:9	Be not carried about with divers and strange doctrines. For it is a good thing that the heart be established with grace; not with meats, which have not profited them that have been occupied therein.	
Hebrews 1:11	They shall perish; but thou remainest; and they all shall wax old as doth a garment;	
Hebrews 2:12	Saying, I will declare thy name unto my brethren, in the midst of the church will I sing praise unto thee.	
Hebrews 2:14	Forasmuch then as the children are partakers of flesh and blood, he also himself likewise took part of the same; that through death he might destroy him that had the power of death, that is, the devil;	
Hebrews 2:17	Wherefore in all things it behoved him to be made like unto his brethren, that he might be a merciful and faithful high priest in things pertaining to God, to make reconciliation for the sins of the people.	
Hebrews 2:3	How shall we escape, if we neglect so great salvation; which at the first began to be spoken by the Lord, and was confirmed unto us by them that heard him;	
Hebrews 2:8	Thou hast put all things in subjection under his feet. For in that he put all in subjection under him, he left nothing that is not put under him. But now we see not yet all things put under him.	
Hebrews 3:1	Wherefore, holy brethren, partakers of the heavenly calling, consider the Apostle and High Priest of our profession, Christ Jesus;	
Hebrews 3:11	So I sware in my wrath, They shall not enter into my rest.)	
Hebrews 3:17	But with whom was he grieved forty years? was it not with them that had sinned, whose carcases fell in the wilderness?	
Hebrews 3:19	So we see that they could not enter in because of unbelief.	
Hebrews 3:3	For this man was counted worthy of more glory than Moses, inasmuch as he who hath builded the house hath more honour than the house.	
Hebrews 3:5	And Moses verily was faithful in all his house, as a servant, for a testimony of those things which were to be spoken after;	
Hebrews 3:9	When your fathers tempted me, proved me, and saw my works forty years.	
Hebrews 4:1	Let us therefore fear, lest, a promise being left us of entering into his rest, any of you should seem to come short of it.	
Hebrews 4:5	And in this place again, If they shall enter into my rest.	
Hebrews 5:11	Of whom we have many things to say, and hard to be uttered, seeing ye are dull of hearing.	
Hebrews 5:7	Who in the days of his flesh, when he had offered up prayers and supplications with strong crying and tears unto him that was able to save him from death, and was heard in that he feared;	
Hebrews 6:14	Saying, Surely blessing I will bless thee, and multiplying I will multiply thee.	
Hebrews 6:15	And so, after he had patiently endured, he obtained the promise.	
Hebrews 6:3	And this will we do, if God permit.	
Hebrews 6:4	For it is impossible for those who were once enlightened, and have tasted of the heavenly gift, and were made partakers of the Holy Ghost,	
Hebrews 6:5	And have tasted the good word of God, and the powers of the world to come,	
Hebrews 7:1	For this Melchisedec, king of Salem, priest of the most high God, who met Abraham returning from the slaughter of the kings, and blessed him;	
Hebrews 7:12	For the priesthood being changed, there is made of necessity a change also of the law.	
Hebrews 7:15	And it is yet far more evident: for that after the similitude of Melchisedec there ariseth another priest,	
Hebrews 7:22	By so much was Jesus made a surety of a better testament.	
Hebrews 7:4	Now consider how great this man was, unto whom even the patriarch Abraham gave the tenth of the spoils.	
Hebrews 7:5	And verily they that are of the sons of Levi, who receive the office of the priesthood, have a commandment to take tithes of the people according to the law, that is, of their brethren, though they come out of the loins of Abraham:	
Hebrews 7:6	But he whose descent is not counted from them received tithes of Abraham, and blessed him that had the promises.	
Hebrews 8:1	Now of the things which we have spoken this is the sum: We have such an high priest, who is set on the right hand of the throne of the Majesty in the heavens;	
Hebrews 9:1	Then verily the first covenant had also ordinances of divine service, and a worldly sanctuary.	
Hebrews 9:12	Neither by the blood of goats and calves, but by his own blood he entered in once into the holy place, having obtained eternal redemption for us.	
Hebrews 9:13	For if the blood of bulls and of goats, and the ashes of an heifer sprinkling the unclean, sanctifieth to the purifying of the flesh:	
Hebrews 9:15	And for this cause he is the mediator of the new testament, that by means of death, for the redemption of the transgressions that were under the first testament, they which are called might receive the promise of eternal inheritance.	
Hebrews 9:5	And over it the cherubims of glory shadowing the mercyseat; of which we cannot now speak particularly.	
Hosea 10:1	Israel is an empty vine, he bringeth forth fruit unto himself: according to the multitude of his fruit he hath increased the altars; according to the goodness of his land they have made goodly images.	
Hosea 10:11	And Ephraim is as an heifer that is taught, and loveth to tread out the corn; but I passed over upon her fair neck: I will make Ephraim to ride; Judah shall plow, and Jacob shall break his clods.	
Hosea 10:12	Sow to yourselves in righteousness, reap in mercy; break up your fallow ground: for it is time to seek the LORD, till he come and rain righteousness upon you.	
Hosea 10:5	The inhabitants of Samaria shall fear because of the calves of Bethaven: for the people thereof shall mourn over it, and the priests thereof that rejoiced on it, for the glory thereof, because it is departed from it.	
Hosea 10:6	It shall be also carried unto Assyria for a present to king Jareb: Ephraim shall receive shame, and Israel shall be ashamed of his own counsel.	
Hosea 10:9	O Israel, thou hast sinned from the days of Gibeah: there they stood: the battle in Gibeah against the children of iniquity did not overtake them.	
Hosea 11:9	I will not execute the fierceness of mine anger, I will not return to destroy Ephraim: for I am God, and not man; the Holy One in the midst of thee: and I will not enter into the city.	
Hosea 12:1	Ephraim feedeth on wind, and followeth after the east wind: he daily increaseth lies and desolation; and they do make a covenant with the Assyrians, and oil is carried into Egypt.	
Hosea 12:5	Even the LORD God of hosts; the LORD is his memorial.	
Hosea 13:10	I will be thy king: where is any other that may save thee in all thy cities? and thy judges of whom thou saidst, Give me a king and princes?	
Hosea 13:13	The sorrows of a travailing woman shall come upon him: he is an unwise son; for he should not stay long in the place of the breaking forth of children.	
Hosea 13:16	Samaria shall become desolate; for she hath rebelled against her God: they shall fall by the sword: their infants shall be dashed in pieces, and their women with child shall be ripped up.	
Hosea 13:2	And now they sin more and more, and have made them molten images of their silver, and idols according to their own understanding, all of it the work of the craftsmen: they say of them, Let the men that sacrifice kiss the calves.	
Hosea 13:4	Yet I am the LORD thy God from the land of Egypt, and thou shalt know no god but me: for there is no saviour beside me.	
Hosea 14:5	I will be as the dew unto Israel: he shall grow as the lily, and cast forth his roots as Lebanon.	
Hosea 1:2	The beginning of the word of the LORD by Hosea. And the LORD said to Hosea, Go, take unto thee a wife of whoredoms and children of whoredoms: for the land hath committed great whoredom, departing from the LORD.	
Hosea 1:3	So he went and took Gomer the daughter of Diblaim; which conceived, and bare him a son.	
Hosea 1:8	Now when she had weaned Loruhamah, she conceived, and bare a son.	
Hosea 2:13	And I will visit upon her the days of Baalim, wherein she burned incense to them, and she decked herself with her earrings and her jewels, and she went after her lovers, and forgat me, saith the LORD.	
Hosea 2:18	And in that day will I make a covenant for them with the beasts of the field and with the fowls of heaven, and with the creeping things of the ground: and I will break the bow and the sword and the battle out of the earth, and will make them to lie down safely.	
Hosea 2:3	Lest I strip her naked, and set her as in the day that she was born, and make her as a wilderness, and set her like a dry land, and slay her with thirst.	
Hosea 2:4	And I will not have mercy upon her children; for they be the children of whoredoms.	
Hosea 2:6	Therefore, behold, I will hedge up thy way with thorns, and make a wall, that she shall not find her paths.	
Hosea 2:7	And she shall follow after her lovers, but she shall not overtake them; and she shall seek them, but shall not find them: then shall she say, I will go and return to my first husband; for then was it better with me than now.	
Hosea 4:11	Whoredom and wine and new wine take away the heart.	
Hosea 4:17	Ephraim is joined to idols: let him alone.	
Hosea 4:9	And there shall be, like people, like priest: and I will punish them for their ways, and reward them their doings.	
Hosea 5:14	For I will be unto Ephraim as a lion, and as a young lion to the house of Judah: I, even I, will tear and go away; I will take away, and none shall rescue him.	
Hosea 5:15	I will go and return to my place, till they acknowledge their offence, and seek my face: in their affliction they will seek me early.	
Hosea 5:3	I know Ephraim, and Israel is not hid from me: for now, O Ephraim, thou committest whoredom, and Israel is defiled.	
Hosea 5:5	And the pride of Israel doth testify to his face: therefore shall Israel and Ephraim fall in their iniquity: Judah also shall fall with them.	
Hosea 5:7	They have dealt treacherously against the LORD: for they have begotten strange children: now shall a month devour them with their portions.	
Hosea 6:11	Also, O Judah, he hath set an harvest for thee, when I returned the captivity of my people.	
Hosea 6:4	O Ephraim, what shall I do unto thee? O Judah, what shall I do unto thee? for your goodness is as a morning cloud, and as the early dew it goeth away.	
Hosea 6:8	Gilead is a city of them that work iniquity, and is polluted with blood.	
Hosea 7:1	When I would have healed Israel, then the iniquity of Ephraim was discovered, and the wickedness of Samaria: for they commit falsehood; and the thief cometh in, and the troop of robbers spoileth without.	
Hosea 7:10	And the pride of Israel testifieth to his face: and they do not return to the LORD their God, nor seek him for all this.	
Hosea 7:13	Woe unto them! for they have fled from me: destruction unto them! because they have transgressed against me: though I have redeemed them, yet they have spoken lies against me.	
Hosea 7:5	In the day of our king the princes have made him sick with bottles of wine; he stretched out his hand with scorners.	
Hosea 8:14	For Israel hath forgotten his Maker, and buildeth temples; and Judah hath multiplied fenced cities: but I will send a fire upon his cities, and it shall devour the palaces thereof.	
Hosea 8:4	They have set up kings, but not by me: they have made princes, and I knew it not: of their silver and their gold have they made them idols, that they may be cut off.	
Hosea 8:7	For they have sown the wind, and they shall reap the whirlwind: it hath no stalk; the bud shall yield no meal: if so be it yield, the strangers shall swallow it up.	
Hosea 8:8	Israel is swallowed up: now shall they be among the Gentiles as a vessel wherein is no pleasure.	
Hosea 8:9	For they are gone up to Assyria, a wild ass alone by himself: Ephraim hath hired lovers.	
Hosea 9:15	All their wickedness is in Gilgal: for there I hated them: for the wickedness of their doings I will drive them out of mine house, I will love them no more: all their princes are revolters.	
Hosea 9:16	Ephraim is smitten, their root is dried up, they shall bear no fruit: yea, though they bring forth, yet will I slay even the beloved fruit of their womb.	
Hosea 9:5	What will ye do in the solemn day, and in the day of the feast of the LORD?	
Hosea 9:6	For, lo, they are gone because of destruction: Egypt shall gather them up, Memphis shall bury them: the pleasant places for their silver, nettles shall possess them: thorns shall be in their tabernacles.	
Hosea 9:7	The days of visitation are come, the days of recompence are come; Israel shall know it: the prophet is a fool, the spiritual man is mad, for the multitude of thine iniquity, and the great hatred.	
Isaiah 10:10	As my hand hath found the kingdoms of the idols, and whose graven images did excel them of Jerusalem and of Samaria;	
Isaiah 10:17	And the light of Israel shall be for a fire, and his Holy One for a flame: and it shall burn and devour his thorns and his briers in one day;	
Isaiah 10:18	And shall consume the glory of his forest, and of his fruitful field, both soul and body: and they shall be as when a standard-bearer fainteth.	
Isaiah 10:24	Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD of hosts, O my people that dwellest in Zion, be not afraid of the Assyrian: he shall smite thee with a rod, and shall lift up his staff against thee, after the manner of Egypt.	
Isaiah 10:27	And it shall come to pass in that day, that his burden shall be taken away from off thy shoulder, and his yoke from off thy neck, and the yoke shall be destroyed because of the anointing.	
Isaiah 10:28	He is come to Aiath, he is passed to Migron; at Michmash he hath laid up his carriages:	
Isaiah 10:30	Lift up thy voice, O daughter of Gallim: cause it to be heard unto Laish, O poor Anathoth.	
Isaiah 10:31	Madmenah is removed; the inhabitants of Gebim gather themselves to flee.	
Isaiah 10:34	And he shall cut down the thickets of the forest with iron, and Lebanon shall fall by a mighty one.	
Isaiah 11:10	And in that day there shall be a root of Jesse, which shall stand for an ensign of the people; to it shall the Gentiles seek: and his rest shall be glorious.	
Isaiah 11:7	And the cow and the bear shall feed; their young ones shall lie down together: and the lion shall eat straw like the ox.	
Isaiah 11:8	And the sucking child shall play on the hole of the asp, and the weaned child shall put his hand on the cockatrice' den.	
Isaiah 11:9	They shall not hurt nor destroy in all my holy mountain: for the earth shall be full of the knowledge of the LORD, as the waters cover the sea.	
Isaiah 12:1	And in that day thou shalt say, O LORD, I will praise thee: though thou wast angry with me, thine anger is turned away, and thou comfortedst me.	
Isaiah 12:2	Behold, God is my salvation; I will trust, and not be afraid: for the LORD JEHOVAH is my strength and my song; he also is become my salvation.	
Isaiah 13:11	And I will punish the world for their evil, and the wicked for their iniquity; and I will cause the arrogancy of the proud to cease, and will lay low the haughtiness of the terrible.	
Isaiah 13:2	Lift ye up a banner upon the high mountain, exalt the voice unto them, shake the hand, that they may go into the gates of the nobles.	
Isaiah 13:3	I have commanded my sanctified ones, I have also called my mighty ones for mine anger, even them that rejoice in my highness.	
Isaiah 14:12	How art thou fallen from heaven, O Lucifer, son of the morning! how art thou cut down to the ground, which didst weaken the nations!	
Isaiah 14:13	For thou hast said in thine heart, I will ascend into heaven, I will exalt my throne above the stars of God: I will sit also upon the mount of the congregation, in the sides of the north:	
Isaiah 14:15	Yet thou shalt be brought down to hell, to the sides of the pit.	
Isaiah 14:18	All the kings of the nations, even all of them, lie in glory, every one in his own house.	
Isaiah 14:19	But thou art cast out of thy grave like an abominable branch, and as the raiment of those that are slain, thrust through with a sword, that go down to the stones of the pit; as a carcase trodden under feet.	
Isaiah 14:22	For I will rise up against them, saith the LORD of hosts, and cut off from Babylon the name, and remnant, and son, and nephew, saith the LORD.	
Isaiah 14:25	That I will break the Assyrian in my land, and upon my mountains tread him under foot: then shall his yoke depart from off them, and his burden depart from off their shoulders.	
Isaiah 14:3	And it shall come to pass in the day that the LORD shall give thee rest from thy sorrow, and from thy fear, and from the hard bondage wherein thou wast made to serve,	
Isaiah 14:8	Yea, the fir trees rejoice at thee, and the cedars of Lebanon, saying, Since thou art laid down, no feller is come up against us.	
Isaiah 15:2	He is gone up to Bajith, and to Dibon, the high places, to weep: Moab shall howl over Nebo, and over Medeba: on all their heads shall be baldness, and every beard cut off.	
Isaiah 15:3	In their streets they shall gird themselves with sackcloth: on the tops of their houses, and in their streets, every one shall howl, weeping abundantly.	
Isaiah 16:1	Send ye the lamb to the ruler of the land from Sela to the wilderness, unto the mount of the daughter of Zion.	
Isaiah 16:14	But now the LORD hath spoken, saying, Within three years, as the years of an hireling, and the glory of Moab shall be contemned, with all that great multitude; and the remnant shall be very small and feeble.	
Isaiah 16:5	And in mercy shall the throne be established: and he shall sit upon it in truth in the tabernacle of David, judging, and seeking judgment, and hasting righteousness.	
Isaiah 16:7	Therefore shall Moab howl for Moab, every one shall howl: for the foundations of Kirhareseth shall ye mourn; surely they are stricken.	
Isaiah 17:11	In the day shalt thou make thy plant to grow, and in the morning shalt thou make thy seed to flourish: but the harvest shall be a heap in the day of grief and of desperate sorrow.	
Isaiah 17:3	The fortress also shall cease from Ephraim, and the kingdom from Damascus, and the remnant of Syria: they shall be as the glory of the children of Israel, saith the LORD of hosts.	
Isaiah 18:2	That sendeth ambassadors by the sea, even in vessels of bulrushes upon the waters, saying, Go, ye swift messengers, to a nation scattered and peeled, to a people terrible from their beginning hitherto; a nation meted out and trodden down, whose land the rivers have spoiled!	
Isaiah 18:7	In that time shall the present be brought unto the LORD of hosts of a people scattered and peeled, and from a people terrible from their beginning hitherto; a nation meted out and trodden under foot, whose land the rivers have spoiled, to the place of the name of the LORD of hosts, the mount Zion.	
Isaiah 19:10	And they shall be broken in the purposes thereof, all that make sluices and ponds for fish.	
Isaiah 19:22	And the LORD shall smite Egypt: he shall smite and heal it: and they shall return even to the LORD, and he shall be intreated of them, and shall heal them.	
Isaiah 1:11	To what purpose is the multitude of your sacrifices unto me? saith the LORD: I am full of the burnt offerings of rams, and the fat of fed beasts; and I delight not in the blood of bullocks, or of lambs, or of he goats.	
Isaiah 1:16	Wash you, make you clean; put away the evil of your doings from before mine eyes; cease to do evil;	
Isaiah 1:6	From the sole of the foot even unto the head there is no soundness in it; but wounds, and bruises, and putrifying sores: they have not been closed, neither bound up, neither mollified with ointment.	
Isaiah 20:1	In the year that Tartan came unto Ashdod, (when Sargon the king of Assyria sent him,) and fought against Ashdod, and took it;	
Isaiah 20:2	At the same time spake the LORD by Isaiah the son of Amoz, saying, Go and loose the sackcloth from off thy loins, and put off thy shoe from thy foot. And he did so, walking naked and barefoot.	
Isaiah 20:3	And the LORD said, Like as my servant Isaiah hath walked naked and barefoot three years for a sign and wonder upon Egypt and upon Ethiopia;	
Isaiah 20:5	And they shall be afraid and ashamed of Ethiopia their expectation, and of Egypt their glory.	
Isaiah 21:10	O my threshing, and the corn of my floor: that which I have heard of the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel, have I declared unto you.	
Isaiah 21:13	The burden upon Arabia. In the forest in Arabia shall ye lodge, O ye travelling companies of Dedanim.	
Isaiah 21:16	For thus hath the LORD said unto me, Within a year, according to the years of an hireling, and all the glory of Kedar shall fail:	
Isaiah 21:2	A grievous vision is declared unto me; the treacherous dealer dealeth treacherously, and the spoiler spoileth. Go up, O Elam: besiege, O Media; all the sighing thereof have I made to cease.	
Isaiah 21:3	Therefore are my loins filled with pain: pangs have taken hold upon me, as the pangs of a woman that travaileth: I was bowed down at the hearing of it; I was dismayed at the seeing of it.	
Isaiah 21:7	And he saw a chariot with a couple of horsemen, a chariot of asses, and a chariot of camels; and he hearkened diligently with much heed:	
Isaiah 22:10	And ye have numbered the houses of Jerusalem, and the houses have ye broken down to fortify the wall.	
Isaiah 22:12	And in that day did the Lord GOD of hosts call to weeping, and to mourning, and to baldness, and to girding with sackcloth:	
Isaiah 22:2	Thou that art full of stirs, a tumultuous city, joyous city: thy slain men are not slain with the sword, nor dead in battle.	
Isaiah 22:21	And I will clothe him with thy robe, and strengthen him with thy girdle, and I will commit thy government into his hand: and he shall be a father to the inhabitants of Jerusalem, and to the house of Judah.	
Isaiah 22:23	And I will fasten him as a nail in a sure place; and he shall be for a glorious throne to his father's house.	
Isaiah 22:25	In that day, saith the LORD of hosts, shall the nail that is fastened in the sure place be removed, and be cut down, and fall; and the burden that was upon it shall be cut off: for the LORD hath spoken it.	
Isaiah 22:8	And he discovered the covering of Judah, and thou didst look in that day to the armour of the house of the forest.	
Isaiah 23:1	The burden of Tyre. Howl, ye ships of Tarshish; for it is laid waste, so that there is no house, no entering in: from the land of Chittim it is revealed to them.	
Isaiah 23:10	Pass through thy land as a river, O daughter of Tarshish: there is no more strength.	
Isaiah 23:11	He stretched out his hand over the sea, he shook the kingdoms: the LORD hath given a commandment against the merchant city, to destroy the strong holds thereof.	
Isaiah 23:17	And it shall come to pass after the end of seventy years, that the LORD will visit Tyre, and she shall turn to her hire, and shall commit fornication with all the kingdoms of the world upon the face of the earth.	
Isaiah 23:2	Be still, ye inhabitants of the isle; thou whom the merchants of Zidon, that pass over the sea, have replenished.	
Isaiah 23:3	And by great waters the seed of Sihor, the harvest of the river, is her revenue; and she is a mart of nations.	
Isaiah 23:5	As at the report concerning Egypt, so shall they be sorely pained at the report of Tyre.	
Isaiah 23:8	Who hath taken this counsel against Tyre, the crowning city, whose merchants are princes, whose traffickers are the honourable of the earth?	
Isaiah 24:13	When thus it shall be in the midst of the land among the people, there shall be as the shaking of an olive tree, and as the gleaning grapes when the vintage is done.	
Isaiah 24:18	And it shall come to pass, that he who fleeth from the noise of the fear shall fall into the pit; and he that cometh up out of the midst of the pit shall be taken in the snare: for the windows from on high are open, and the foundations of the earth do shake.	
Isaiah 24:2	And it shall be, as with the people, so with the priest; as with the servant, so with his master; as with the maid, so with her mistress; as with the buyer, so with the seller; as with the lender, so with the borrower; as with the taker of usury, so with the giver of usury to him.	
Isaiah 24:21	And it shall come to pass in that day, that the LORD shall punish the host of the high ones that are on high, and the kings of the earth upon the earth.	
Isaiah 24:22	And they shall be gathered together, as prisoners are gathered in the pit, and shall be shut up in the prison, and after many days shall they be visited.	
Isaiah 25:2	For thou hast made of a city an heap; of a defenced city a ruin: a palace of strangers to be no city; it shall never be built.	
Isaiah 25:8	He will swallow up death in victory; and the Lord GOD will wipe away tears from off all faces; and the rebuke of his people shall he take away from off all the earth: for the LORD hath spoken it.	
Isaiah 26:10	Let favour be shewed to the wicked, yet will he not learn righteousness: in the land of uprightness will he deal unjustly, and will not behold the majesty of the LORD.	
Isaiah 26:11	LORD, when thy hand is lifted up, they will not see: but they shall see, and be ashamed for their envy at the people; yea, the fire of thine enemies shall devour them.	
Isaiah 26:12	LORD, thou wilt ordain peace for us: for thou also hast wrought all our works in us.	
Isaiah 26:18	We have been with child, we have been in pain, we have as it were brought forth wind; we have not wrought any deliverance in the earth; neither have the inhabitants of the world fallen.	
Isaiah 26:19	Thy dead men shall live, together with my dead body shall they arise. Awake and sing, ye that dwell in dust: for thy dew is as the dew of herbs, and the earth shall cast out the dead.	
Isaiah 26:20	Come, my people, enter thou into thy chambers, and shut thy doors about thee: hide thyself as it were for a little moment, until the indignation be overpast.	
Isaiah 26:3	Thou wilt keep him in perfect peace, whose mind is stayed on thee: because he trusteth in thee.	
Isaiah 26:4	Trust ye in the LORD for ever: for in the LORD JEHOVAH is everlasting strength:	
Isaiah 26:8	Yea, in the way of thy judgments, O LORD, have we waited for thee; the desire of our soul is to thy name, and to the remembrance of thee.	
Isaiah 27:5	Or let him take hold of my strength, that he may make peace with me; and he shall make peace with me.	
Isaiah 28:14	Wherefore hear the word of the LORD, ye scornful men, that rule this people which is in Jerusalem.	
Isaiah 28:17	Judgment also will I lay to the line, and righteousness to the plummet: and the hail shall sweep away the refuge of lies, and the waters shall overflow the hiding place.	
Isaiah 28:19	From the time that it goeth forth it shall take you: for morning by morning shall it pass over, by day and by night: and it shall be a vexation only to understand the report.	
Isaiah 28:20	For the bed is shorter than that a man can stretch himself on it: and the covering narrower than that he can wrap himself in it.	
Isaiah 28:26	For his God doth instruct him to discretion, and doth teach him.	
Isaiah 28:7	But they also have erred through wine, and through strong drink are out of the way; the priest and the prophet have erred through strong drink, they are swallowed up of wine, they are out of the way through strong drink; they err in vision, they stumble in judgment.	
Isaiah 29:11	And the vision of all is become unto you as the words of a book that is sealed, which men deliver to one that is learned, saying, Read this, I pray thee: and he saith, I cannot; for it is sealed:	
Isaiah 29:15	Woe unto them that seek deep to hide their counsel from the LORD, and their works are in the dark, and they say, Who seeth us? and who knoweth us?	
Isaiah 29:19	The meek also shall increase their joy in the LORD, and the poor among men shall rejoice in the Holy One of Israel.	
Isaiah 2:10	Enter into the rock, and hide thee in the dust, for fear of the LORD, and for the glory of his majesty.	
Isaiah 2:15	And upon every high tower, and upon every fenced wall,	
Isaiah 2:17	And the loftiness of man shall be bowed down, and the haughtiness of men shall be made low: and the LORD alone shall be exalted in that day.	
Isaiah 2:18	And the idols he shall utterly abolish.	
Isaiah 2:2	And it shall come to pass in the last days, that the mountain of the LORD's house shall be established in the top of the mountains, and shall be exalted above the hills; and all nations shall flow unto it.	
Isaiah 2:22	Cease ye from man, whose breath is in his nostrils: for wherein is he to be accounted of ?	
Isaiah 2:3	And many people shall go and say, Come ye, and let us go up to the mountain of the LORD, to the house of the God of Jacob; and he will teach us of his ways, and we will walk in his paths: for out of Zion shall go forth the law, and the word of the LORD from Jerusalem.	
Isaiah 30:13	Therefore this iniquity shall be to you as a breach ready to fall, swelling out in a high wall, whose breaking cometh suddenly at an instant.	
Isaiah 30:16	But ye said, No; for we will flee upon horses; therefore shall ye flee: and, We will ride upon the swift; therefore shall they that pursue you be swift.	
Isaiah 30:20	And though the Lord give you the bread of adversity, and the water of affliction, yet shall not thy teachers be removed into a corner any more, but thine eyes shall see thy teachers:	
Isaiah 30:28	And his breath, as an overflowing stream, shall reach to the midst of the neck, to sift the nations with the sieve of vanity: and there shall be a bridle in the jaws of the people, causing them to err.	
Isaiah 31:2	Yet he also is wise, and will bring evil, and will not call back his words: but will arise against the house of the evildoers, and against the help of them that work iniquity.	
Isaiah 31:7	For in that day every man shall cast away his idols of silver, and his idols of gold, which your own hands have made unto you for a sin.	
Isaiah 31:8	Then shall the Assyrian fall with the sword, not of a mighty man; and the sword, not of a mean man, shall devour him: but he shall flee from the sword, and his young men shall be discomfited.	
Isaiah 32:11	Tremble, ye women that are at ease; be troubled, ye careless ones: strip you, and make you bare, and gird sackcloth upon your loins.	
Isaiah 32:12	They shall lament for the teats, for the pleasant fields, for the fruitful vine.	
Isaiah 32:13	Upon the land of my people shall come up thorns and briers; yea, upon all the houses of joy in the joyous city:	
Isaiah 32:15	Until the spirit be poured upon us from on high, and the wilderness be a fruitful field, and the fruitful field be counted for a forest.	
Isaiah 32:16	Then judgment shall dwell in the wilderness, and righteousness remain in the fruitful field.	
Isaiah 32:19	When it shall hail, coming down on the forest; and the city shall be low in a low place.	
Isaiah 32:4	The heart also of the rash shall understand knowledge, and the tongue of the stammerers shall be ready to speak plainly.	
Isaiah 32:7	The instruments also of the churl are evil: he deviseth wicked devices to destroy the poor with lying words, even when the needy speaketh right.	
Isaiah 32:9	Rise up, ye women that are at ease; hear my voice, ye careless daughters; give ear unto my speech.	
Isaiah 33:1	Woe to thee that spoilest, and thou wast not spoiled; and dealest treacherously, and they dealt not treacherously with thee! when thou shalt cease to spoil, thou shalt be spoiled; and when thou shalt make an end to deal treacherously, they shall deal treacherously with thee.	
Isaiah 33:14	The sinners in Zion are afraid; fearfulness hath surprised the hypocrites. Who among us shall dwell with the devouring fire? who among us shall dwell with everlasting burnings?	
Isaiah 33:18	Thine heart shall meditate terror. Where is the scribe? where is the receiver? where is he that counted the towers?	
Isaiah 33:21	But there the glorious LORD will be unto us a place of broad rivers and streams; wherein shall go no galley with oars, neither shall gallant ship pass thereby.	
Isaiah 33:8	The highways lie waste, the wayfaring man ceaseth: he hath broken the covenant, he hath despised the cities, he regardeth no man.	
Isaiah 34:13	And thorns shall come up in her palaces, nettles and brambles in the fortresses thereof: and it shall be an habitation of dragons, and a court for owls.	
Isaiah 34:17	And he hath cast the lot for them, and his hand hath divided it unto them by line: they shall possess it for ever, from generation to generation shall they dwell therein.	
Isaiah 34:5	For my sword shall be bathed in heaven: behold, it shall come down upon Idumea, and upon the people of my curse, to judgment.	
Isaiah 34:8	For it is the day of the LORD's vengeance, and the year of recompences for the controversy of Zion.	
Isaiah 35:2	It shall blossom abundantly, and rejoice even with joy and singing: the glory of Lebanon shall be given unto it, the excellency of Carmel and Sharon, they shall see the glory of the LORD, and the excellency of our God.	
Isaiah 36:1	Now it came to pass in the fourteenth year of king Hezekiah, that Sennacherib king of Assyria came up against all the defenced cities of Judah, and took them.	
Isaiah 36:11	Then said Eliakim and Shebna and Joah unto Rabshakeh, Speak, I pray thee, unto thy servants in the Syrian language; for we understand it: and speak not to us in the Jews' language, in the ears of the people that are on the wall.	
Isaiah 36:18	Beware lest Hezekiah persuade you, saying, the LORD will deliver us. Hath any of the gods of the nations delivered his land out of the hand of the king of Assyria?	
Isaiah 36:20	Who are they among all the gods of these lands, that have delivered their land out of my hand, that the LORD should deliver Jerusalem out of my hand?	
Isaiah 36:7	But if thou say to me, We trust in the LORD our God: is it not he, whose high places and whose altars Hezekiah hath taken away, and said to Judah and to Jerusalem, Ye shall worship before this altar?	
Isaiah 37:14	And Hezekiah received the letter from the hand of the messengers, and read it: and Hezekiah went up unto the house of the LORD, and spread it before the LORD.	
Isaiah 37:17	Incline thine ear, O LORD, and hear; open thine eyes, O LORD, and see: and hear all the words of Sennacherib, which hath sent to reproach the living God.	
Isaiah 37:18	Of a truth, LORD, the kings of Assyria have laid waste all the nations, and their countries,	
Isaiah 37:2	And he sent Eliakim, who was over the household, and Shebna the scribe, and the elders of the priests covered with sackcloth, unto Isaiah the prophet the son of Amoz.	
Isaiah 37:23	Whom hast thou reproached and blasphemed? and against whom hast thou exalted thy voice, and lifted up thine eyes on high? even against the Holy One of Israel.	
Isaiah 37:24	By thy servants hast thou reproached the Lord, and hast said, By the multitude of my chariots am I come up to the height of the mountains, to the sides of Lebanon; and I will cut down the tall cedars thereof, and the choice fir trees thereof: and I will enter into the height of his border, and the forest of his Carmel.	
Isaiah 37:25	I have digged, and drunk water; and with the sole of my feet have I dried up all the rivers of the besieged places.	
Isaiah 37:8	So Rabshakeh returned, and found the king of Assyria warring against Libnah: for he had heard that he was departed from Lachish.	
Isaiah 38:1	In those days was Hezekiah sick unto death. And Isaiah the prophet the son of Amoz came unto him, and said unto him, Thus saith the LORD, Set thine house in order: for thou shalt die, and not live.	
Isaiah 38:15	What shall I say? he hath both spoken unto me, and himself hath done it: I shall go softly all my years in the bitterness of my soul.	
Isaiah 38:22	Hezekiah also had said, What is the sign that I shall go up to the house of the LORD?	
Isaiah 38:6	And I will deliver thee and this city out of the hand of the king of Assyria: and I will defend this city.	
Isaiah 39:2	And Hezekiah was glad of them, and shewed them the house of his precious things, the silver, and the gold, and the spices, and the precious ointment, and all the house of his armour, and all that was found in his treasures: there was nothing in his house, nor in all his dominion, that Hezekiah shewed them not.	
Isaiah 39:8	Then said Hezekiah to Isaiah, Good is the word of the LORD which thou hast spoken. He said moreover, For there shall be peace and truth in my days.	
Isaiah 3:13	The LORD standeth up to plead, and standeth to judge the people.	
Isaiah 3:16	Moreover the LORD saith, Because the daughters of Zion are haughty, and walk with stretched forth necks and wanton eyes, walking and mincing as they go, and making a tinkling with their feet:	
Isaiah 3:18	In that day the Lord will take away the bravery of their tinkling ornaments about their feet, and their cauls, and their round tires like the moon,	
Isaiah 3:26	And her gates shall lament and mourn; and she being desolate shall sit upon the ground.	
Isaiah 40:11	He shall feed his flock like a shepherd: he shall gather the lambs with his arm, and carry them in his bosom, and shall gently lead those that are with young.	
Isaiah 40:2	Speak ye comfortably to Jerusalem, and cry unto her, that her warfare is accomplished, that her iniquity is pardoned: for she hath received of the LORD's hand double for all her sins.	
Isaiah 40:20	He that is so impoverished that he hath no oblation chooseth a tree that will not rot; he seeketh unto him a cunning workman to prepare a graven image, that shall not be moved.	
Isaiah 40:21	Have ye not known? have ye not heard? hath it not been told you from the beginning? have ye not understood from the foundations of the earth?	
Isaiah 40:24	Yea, they shall not be planted; yea, they shall not be sown: yea, their stock shall not take root in the earth: and he shall also blow upon them, and they shall wither, and the whirlwind shall take them away as stubble.	
Isaiah 40:5	And the glory of the LORD shall be revealed, and all flesh shall see it together: for the mouth of the LORD hath spoken it.	
Isaiah 41:12	Thou shalt seek them, and shalt not find them, even them that contended with thee: they that war against thee shall be as nothing, and as a thing of nought.	
Isaiah 41:13	For I the LORD thy God will hold thy right hand, saying unto thee, Fear not; I will help thee.	
Isaiah 41:15	Behold, I will make thee a new sharp threshing instrument having teeth: thou shalt thresh the mountains, and beat them small, and shalt make the hills as chaff.	
Isaiah 41:22	Let them bring them forth, and shew us what shall happen: let them shew the former things, what they be, that we may consider them, and know the latter end of them; or declare us things for to come.	
Isaiah 41:24	Behold, ye are of nothing, and your work of nought: an abomination is he that chooseth you.	
Isaiah 41:25	I have raised up one from the north, and he shall come: from the rising of the sun shall he call upon my name: and he shall come upon princes as upon morter, and as the potter treadeth clay.	
Isaiah 42:14	I have long time holden my peace; I have been still, and refrained myself: now will I cry like a travailing woman; I will destroy and devour at once.	
Isaiah 42:25	Therefore he hath poured upon him the fury of his anger, and the strength of battle: and it hath set him on fire round about, yet he knew not; and it burned him, yet he laid it not to heart.	
Isaiah 42:4	He shall not fail nor be discouraged, till he have set judgment in the earth: and the isles shall wait for his law.	
Isaiah 42:7	To open the blind eyes, to bring out the prisoners from the prison, and them that sit in darkness out of the prison house.	
Isaiah 43:1	But now thus saith the LORD that created thee, O Jacob, and he that formed thee, O Israel, Fear not: for I have redeemed thee, I have called thee by thy name; thou art mine.	
Isaiah 43:12	I have declared, and have saved, and I have shewed, when there was no strange god among you: therefore ye are my witnesses, saith the LORD, that I am God.	
Isaiah 43:2	When thou passest through the waters, I will be with thee; and through the rivers, they shall not overflow thee: when thou walkest through the fire, thou shalt not be burned; neither shall the flame kindle upon thee.	
Isaiah 43:24	Thou hast bought me no sweet cane with money, neither hast thou filled me with the fat of thy sacrifices: but thou hast made me to serve with thy sins, thou hast wearied me with thine iniquities.	
Isaiah 43:6	I will say to the north, Give up; and to the south, Keep not back: bring my sons from far, and my daughters from the ends of the earth;	
Isaiah 43:8	Bring forth the blind people that have eyes, and the deaf that have ears.	
Isaiah 44:17	And the residue thereof he maketh a god, even his graven image: he falleth down unto it, and worshippeth it, and prayeth unto it, and saith, Deliver me; for thou art my god.	
Isaiah 44:18	They have not known nor understood: for he hath shut their eyes, that they cannot see; and their hearts, that they cannot understand.	
Isaiah 44:2	Thus saith the LORD that made thee, and formed thee from the womb, which will help thee; Fear not, O Jacob, my servant; and thou, Jesurun, whom I have chosen.	
Isaiah 44:23	Sing, O ye heavens; for the LORD hath done it: shout, ye lower parts of the earth: break forth into singing, ye mountains, O forest, and every tree therein: for the LORD hath redeemed Jacob, and glorified himself in Israel.	
Isaiah 44:24	Thus saith the LORD, thy redeemer, and he that formed thee from the womb, I am the LORD that maketh all things; that stretcheth forth the heavens alone; that spreadeth abroad the earth by myself;	
Isaiah 44:25	That frustrateth the tokens of the liars, and maketh diviners mad; that turneth wise men backward, and maketh their knowledge foolish;	
Isaiah 44:28	That saith of Cyrus, He is my shepherd, and shall perform all my pleasure: even saying to Jerusalem, Thou shalt be built; and to the temple, Thy foundation shall be laid.	
Isaiah 45:12	I have made the earth, and created man upon it: I, even my hands, have stretched out the heavens, and all their host have I commanded.	
Isaiah 45:16	They shall be ashamed, and also confounded, all of them: they shall go to confusion together that are makers of idols.	
Isaiah 45:18	For thus saith the LORD that created the heavens; God himself that formed the earth and made it; he hath established it, he created it not in vain, he formed it to be inhabited: I am the LORD; and there is none else.	
Isaiah 45:2	I will go before thee, and make the crooked places straight: I will break in pieces the gates of brass, and cut in sunder the bars of iron:	
Isaiah 45:21	Tell ye, and bring them near; yea, let them take counsel together: who hath declared this from ancient time? who hath told it from that time? have not I the LORD? and there is no God else beside me; a just God and a Saviour; there is none beside me.	
Isaiah 45:24	Surely, shall one say, in the LORD have I righteousness and strength: even to him shall men come; and all that are incensed against him shall be ashamed.	
Isaiah 46:11	Calling a ravenous bird from the east, the man that executeth my counsel from a far country: yea, I have spoken it, I will also bring it to pass; I have purposed it, I will also do it.	
Isaiah 46:13	I bring near my righteousness; it shall not be far off, and my salvation shall not tarry: and I will place salvation in Zion for Israel my glory.	
Isaiah 46:4	And even to your old age I am he; and even to hoar hairs will I carry you: I have made, and I will bear; even I will carry, and will deliver you.	
Isaiah 47:1	Come down, and sit in the dust, O virgin daughter of Babylon, sit on the ground: there is no throne, O daughter of the Chaldeans: for thou shalt no more be called tender and delicate.	
Isaiah 47:10	For thou hast trusted in thy wickedness: thou hast said, None seeth me. Thy wisdom and thy knowledge, it hath perverted thee; and thou hast said in thine heart, I am, and none else beside me.	
Isaiah 47:14	Behold, they shall be as stubble; the fire shall burn them; they shall not deliver themselves from the power of the flame: there shall not be a coal to warm at, nor fire to sit before it.	
Isaiah 47:15	Thus shall they be unto thee with whom thou hast laboured, even thy merchants, from thy youth: they shall wander every one to his quarter; none shall save thee.	
Isaiah 47:8	Therefore hear now this, thou that art given to pleasures, that dwellest carelessly, that sayest in thine heart, I am, and none else beside me; I shall not sit as a widow, neither shall I know the loss of children:	
Isaiah 48:10	Behold, I have refined thee, but not with silver; I have chosen thee in the furnace of affliction.	
Isaiah 48:12	Hearken unto me, O Jacob and Israel, my called; I am he; I am the first, I also am the last.	
Isaiah 49:1	Listen, O isles, unto me; and hearken, ye people, from far; The LORD hath called me from the womb; from the bowels of my mother hath he made mention of my name.	
Isaiah 49:12	Behold, these shall come from far: and, lo, these from the north and from the west; and these from the land of Sinim.	
Isaiah 49:18	Lift up thine eyes round about, and behold: all these gather themselves together, and come to thee. As I live, saith the LORD, thou shalt surely clothe thee with them all, as with an ornament, and bind them on thee, as a bride doeth.	
Isaiah 49:20	The children which thou shalt have, after thou hast lost the other, shall say again in thine ears, The place is too strait for me: give place to me that I may dwell.	
Isaiah 49:22	Thus saith the Lord GOD, Behold, I will lift up mine hand to the Gentiles, and set up my standard to the people: and they shall bring thy sons in their arms, and thy daughters shall be carried upon their shoulders.	
Isaiah 49:26	And I will feed them that oppress thee with their own flesh; and they shall be drunken with their own blood, as with sweet wine: and all flesh shall know that I the LORD am thy Saviour and thy Redeemer, the mighty One of Jacob.	
Isaiah 49:3	And said unto me, Thou art my servant, O Israel, in whom I will be glorified.	
Isaiah 49:6	And he said, It is a light thing that thou shouldest be my servant to raise up the tribes of Jacob, and to restore the preserved of Israel: I will also give thee for a light to the Gentiles, that thou mayest be my salvation unto the end of the earth.	
Isaiah 49:7	Thus saith the LORD, the Redeemer of Israel, and his Holy One, to him whom man despiseth, to him whom the nation abhorreth, to a servant of rulers, Kings shall see and arise, princes also shall worship, because of the LORD that is faithful, and the Holy One of Israel, and he shall choose thee.	
Isaiah 4:5	And the LORD will create upon every dwelling place of mount Zion, and upon her assemblies, a cloud and smoke by day, and the shining of a flaming fire by night: for upon all the glory shall be a defence.	
Isaiah 50:3	I clothe the heavens with blackness, and I make sackcloth their covering.	
Isaiah 50:6	I gave my back to the smiters, and my cheeks to them that plucked off the hair: I hid not my face from shame and spitting.	
Isaiah 50:9	Behold, the Lord GOD will help me; who is he that shall condemn me? lo, they all shall wax old as a garment; the moth shall eat them up.	
Isaiah 51:18	There is none to guide her among all the sons whom she hath brought forth; neither is there any that taketh her by the hand of all the sons that she hath brought up.	
Isaiah 51:2	Look unto Abraham your father, and unto Sarah that bare you: for I called him alone, and blessed him, and increased him.	
Isaiah 51:4	Hearken unto me, my people; and give ear unto me, O my nation: for a law shall proceed from me, and I will make my judgment to rest for a light of the people.	
Isaiah 51:5	My righteousness is near; my salvation is gone forth, and mine arms shall judge the people; the isles shall wait upon me, and on mine arm shall they trust.	
Isaiah 52:14	As many were astonied at thee; his visage was so marred more than any man, and his form more than the sons of men:	
Isaiah 52:15	So shall he sprinkle many nations; the kings shall shut their mouths at him: for that which had not been told them shall they see; and that which they had not heard shall they consider.	
Isaiah 52:5	Now therefore, what have I here, saith the LORD, that my people is taken away for nought? they that rule over them make them to howl, saith the LORD; and my name continually every day is blasphemed.	
Isaiah 53:8	He was taken from prison and from judgment: and who shall declare his generation? for he was cut off out of the land of the living: for the transgression of my people was he stricken.	
Isaiah 54:2	Enlarge the place of thy tent, and let them stretch forth the curtains of thine habitations: spare not, lengthen thy cords, and strengthen thy stakes;	
Isaiah 54:7	For a small moment have I forsaken thee; but with great mercies will I gather thee.	
Isaiah 54:8	In a little wrath I hid my face from thee for a moment; but with everlasting kindness will I have mercy on thee, saith the LORD thy Redeemer.	
Isaiah 54:9	For this is as the waters of Noah unto me: for as I have sworn that the waters of Noah should no more go over the earth; so have I sworn that I would not be wroth with thee, nor rebuke thee.	
Isaiah 55:10	For as the rain cometh down, and the snow from heaven, and returneth not thither, but watereth the earth, and maketh it bring forth and bud, that it may give seed to the sower, and bread to the eater:	
Isaiah 55:8	For my thoughts are not your thoughts, neither are your ways my ways, saith the LORD.	
Isaiah 55:9	For as the heavens are higher than the earth, so are my ways higher than your ways, and my thoughts than your thoughts.	
Isaiah 56:12	Come ye, say they, I will fetch wine, and we will fill ourselves with strong drink; and to morrow shall be as this day, and much more abundant.	
Isaiah 56:5	Even unto them will I give in mine house and within my walls a place and a name better than of sons and of daughters: I will give them an everlasting name, that shall not be cut off.	
Isaiah 57:1	The righteous perisheth, and no man layeth it to heart: and merciful men are taken away, none considering that the righteous is taken away from the evil to come.	
Isaiah 57:11	And of whom hast thou been afraid or feared, that thou hast lied, and hast not remembered me, nor laid it to thy heart? have not I held my peace even of old, and thou fearest me not?	
Isaiah 57:13	When thou criest, let thy companies deliver thee; but the wind shall carry them all away; vanity shall take them: but he that putteth his trust in me shall possess the land, and shall inherit my holy mountain;	
Isaiah 57:17	For the iniquity of his covetousness was I wroth, and smote him: I hid me, and was wroth, and he went on frowardly in the way of his heart.	
Isaiah 57:4	Against whom do ye sport yourselves? against whom make ye a wide mouth, and draw out the tongue? are ye not children of transgression, a seed of falsehood.	
Isaiah 57:8	Behind the doors also and the posts hast thou set up thy remembrance: for thou hast discovered thyself to another than me, and art gone up; thou hast enlarged thy bed, and made thee a covenant with them; thou lovedst their bed where thou sawest it.	
Isaiah 58:11	And the LORD shall guide thee continually, and satisfy thy soul in drought, and make fat thy bones: and thou shalt be like a watered garden, and like a spring of water, whose waters fail not.	
Isaiah 58:4	Behold, ye fast for strife and debate, and to smite with the fist of wickedness: ye shall not fast as ye do this day, to make your voice to be heard on high.	
Isaiah 58:8	Then shall thy light break forth as the morning, and thine health shall spring forth speedily: and thy righteousness shall go before thee; the glory of the LORD shall be thy rereward.	
Isaiah 59:19	So shall they fear the name of the LORD from the west, and his glory from the rising of the sun. When the enemy shall come in like a flood, the Spirit of the LORD shall lift up a standard against him.	
Isaiah 59:21	As for me, this is my covenant with them, saith the LORD; My spirit that is upon thee, and my words which I have put in thy mouth, shall not depart out of thy mouth, nor out of the mouth of thy seed, nor out of the mouth of thy seed's seed, saith the LORD, from henceforth and for ever.	
Isaiah 59:4	None calleth for justice, nor any pleadeth for truth: they trust in vanity, and speak lies; they conceive mischief, and bring forth iniquity.	
Isaiah 59:6	Their webs shall not become garments, neither shall they cover themselves with their works: their works are works of iniquity, and the act of violence is in their hands.	
Isaiah 5:11	Woe unto them that rise up early in the morning, that they may follow strong drink; that continue until night, till wine inflame them!	
Isaiah 5:2	And he fenced it, and gathered out the stones thereof, and planted it with the choicest vine, and built a tower in the midst of it, and also made a winepress therein: and he looked that it should bring forth grapes, and it brought forth wild grapes.	
Isaiah 5:22	Woe unto them that are mighty to drink wine, and men of strength to mingle strong drink:	
Isaiah 5:24	Therefore as the fire devoureth the stubble, and the flame consumeth the chaff, so their root shall be as rottenness, and their blossom shall go up as dust: because they have cast away the law of the LORD of hosts, and despised the word of the Holy One of Israel.	
Isaiah 5:6	And I will lay it waste: it shall not be pruned, nor digged; but there shall come up briers and thorns: I will also command the clouds that they rain no rain upon it.	
Isaiah 5:7	For the vineyard of the LORD of hosts is the house of Israel, and the men of Judah his pleasant plant: and he looked for judgment, but behold oppression; for righteousness, but behold a cry.	
Isaiah 60:1	Arise, shine; for thy light is come, and the glory of the LORD is risen upon thee.	
Isaiah 60:14	The sons also of them that afflicted thee shall come bending unto thee; and all they that despised thee shall bow themselves down at the soles of thy feet; and they shall call thee; The city of the LORD, The Zion of the Holy One of Israel.	
Isaiah 60:17	For brass I will bring gold, and for iron I will bring silver, and for wood brass, and for stones iron: I will also make thy officers peace, and thine exactors righteousness.	
Isaiah 60:22	A little one shall become a thousand, and a small one a strong nation: I the LORD will hasten it in his time.	
Isaiah 60:5	Then thou shalt see, and flow together, and thine heart shall fear, and be enlarged; because the abundance of the sea shall be converted unto thee, the forces of the Gentiles shall come unto thee.	
Isaiah 61:11	For as the earth bringeth forth her bud, and as the garden causeth the things that are sown in it to spring forth; so the Lord GOD will cause righteousness and praise to spring forth before all the nations.	
Isaiah 61:2	To proclaim the acceptable year of the LORD, and the day of vengeance of our God; to comfort all that mourn;	
Isaiah 61:4	And they shall build the old wastes, they shall raise up the former desolations, and they shall repair the waste cities, the desolations of many generations.	
Isaiah 61:6	But ye shall be named the Priests of the LORD: men shall call you the Ministers of our God: ye shall eat the riches of the Gentiles, and in their glory shall ye boast yourselves.	
Isaiah 62:1	For Zion's sake will I not hold my peace, and for Jerusalem's sake I will not rest, until the righteousness thereof go forth as brightness, and the salvation thereof as a lamp that burneth.	
Isaiah 62:11	Behold, the LORD hath proclaimed unto the end of the world, Say ye to the daughter of Zion, Behold, thy salvation cometh; behold, his reward is with him, and his work before him.	
Isaiah 62:12	And they shall call them, The holy people, The redeemed of the LORD: and thou shalt be called, Sought out, A city not forsaken.	
Isaiah 62:5	For as a young man marrieth a virgin, so shall thy sons marry thee: and as the bridegroom rejoiceth over the bride, so shall thy God rejoice over thee.	
Isaiah 62:8	The LORD hath sworn by his right hand, and by the arm of his strength, Surely I will no more give thy corn to be meat for thine enemies; and the sons of the stranger shall not drink thy wine, for the which thou hast laboured:	
Isaiah 62:9	But they that have gathered it shall eat it, and praise the LORD; and they that have brought it together shall drink it in the courts of my holiness.	
Isaiah 63:10	But they rebelled, and vexed his holy Spirit: therefore he was turned to be their enemy, and he fought against them.	
Isaiah 63:12	That led them by the right hand of Moses with his glorious arm, dividing the water before them, to make himself an everlasting name?	
Isaiah 63:5	And I looked, and there was none to help; and I wondered that there was none to uphold: therefore mine own arm brought salvation unto me; and my fury, it upheld me.	
Isaiah 63:7	I will mention the lovingkindnesses of the LORD, and the praises of the LORD, according to all that the LORD hath bestowed on us, and the great goodness toward the house of Israel, which he hath bestowed on them according to his mercies, and according to the multitude of his lovingkindnesses.	
Isaiah 64:1	Oh that thou wouldest rend the heavens, that thou wouldest come down, that the mountains might flow down at thy presence,	
Isaiah 64:10	Thy holy cities are a wilderness, Zion is a wilderness, Jerusalem a desolation.	
Isaiah 64:8	But now, O LORD, thou art our father; we are the clay, and thou our potter; and we all are the work of thy hand.	
Isaiah 64:9	Be not wroth very sore, O LORD, neither remember iniquity for ever: behold, see, we beseech thee, we are all thy people.	
Isaiah 65:1	I am sought of them that asked not for me; I am found of them that sought me not: I said, Behold me, behold me, unto a nation that was not called by my name.	
Isaiah 65:10	And Sharon shall be a fold of flocks, and the valley of Achor a place for the herds to lie down in, for my people that have sought me.	
Isaiah 65:12	Therefore will I number you to the sword, and ye shall all bow down to the slaughter: because when I called, ye did not answer; when I spake, ye did not hear; but did evil before mine eyes, and did choose that wherein I delighted not.	
Isaiah 65:13	Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD, Behold, my servants shall eat, but ye shall be hungry: behold, my servants shall drink, but ye shall be thirsty: behold, my servants shall rejoice, but ye shall be ashamed:	
Isaiah 65:14	Behold, my servants shall sing for joy of heart, but ye shall cry for sorrow of heart, and shall howl for vexation of spirit.	
Isaiah 65:18	But be ye glad and rejoice for ever in that which I create: for, behold, I create Jerusalem a rejoicing, and her people a joy.	
Isaiah 65:2	I have spread out my hands all the day unto a rebellious people, which walketh in a way that was not good, after their own thoughts;	
Isaiah 65:24	And it shall come to pass, that before they call, I will answer; and while they are yet speaking, I will hear.	
Isaiah 65:5	Which say, Stand by thyself, come not near to me; for I am holier than thou. These are a smoke in my nose, a fire that burneth all the day.	
Isaiah 65:7	Your iniquities, and the iniquities of your fathers together, saith the LORD, which have burned incense upon the mountains, and blasphemed me upon the hills: therefore will I measure their former work into their bosom.	
Isaiah 65:8	Thus saith the LORD, As the new wine is found in the cluster, and one saith, Destroy it not; for a blessing is in it: so will I do for my servants' sakes, that I may not destroy them all.	
Isaiah 66:12	For thus saith the LORD, Behold, I will extend peace to her like a river, and the glory of the Gentiles like a flowing stream: then shall ye suck, ye shall be borne upon her sides, and be dandled upon her knees.	
Isaiah 66:14	And when ye see this, your heart shall rejoice, and your bones shall flourish like an herb: and the hand of the LORD shall be known toward his servants, and his indignation toward his enemies.	
Isaiah 66:2	For all those things hath mine hand made, and all those things have been, saith the LORD: but to this man will I look, even to him that is poor and of a contrite spirit, and trembleth at my word.	
Isaiah 66:21	And I will also take of them for priests and for Levites, saith the LORD.	
Isaiah 6:13	But yet in it shall be a tenth, and it shall return, and shall be eaten: as a teil tree, and as an oak, whose substance is in them, when they cast their leaves: so the holy seed shall be the substance thereof.	
Isaiah 6:2	Above it stood the seraphims: each one had six wings; with twain he covered his face, and with twain he covered his feet, and with twain he did fly.	
Isaiah 7:10	Moreover the LORD spake again unto Ahaz, saying,	
Isaiah 7:15	Butter and honey shall he eat, that he may know to refuse the evil, and choose the good.	
Isaiah 7:5	Because Syria, Ephraim, and the son of Remaliah, have taken evil counsel against thee, saying,	
Isaiah 8:1	Moreover the LORD said unto me, Take thee a great roll, and write in it with a man's pen concerning Mahershalalhashbaz.	
Isaiah 8:12	Say ye not, A confederacy, to all them to whom this people shall say, A confederacy; neither fear ye their fear, nor be afraid.	
Isaiah 8:13	Sanctify the LORD of hosts himself; and let him be your fear, and let him be your dread.	
Isaiah 8:17	And I will wait upon the LORD, that hideth his face from the house of Jacob, and I will look for him.	
Isaiah 8:2	And I took unto me faithful witnesses to record, Uriah the priest, and Zechariah the son of Jeberechiah.	
Isaiah 8:22	And they shall look unto the earth; and behold trouble and darkness, dimness of anguish; and they shall be driven to darkness.	
Isaiah 8:9	Associate yourselves, O ye people, and ye shall be broken in pieces; and give ear, all ye of far countries: gird yourselves, and ye shall be broken in pieces; gird yourselves, and ye shall be broken in pieces.	
Isaiah 9:1	Nevertheless the dimness shall not be such as was in her vexation, when at the first he lightly afflicted the land of Zebulun and the land of Naphtali, and afterward did more grievously afflict her by the way of the sea, beyond Jordan, in Galilee of the nations.	
Isaiah 9:10	The bricks are fallen down, but we will build with hewn stones: the sycomores are cut down, but we will change them into cedars.	
Isaiah 9:11	Therefore the LORD shall set up the adversaries of Rezin against him, and join his enemies together;	
Isaiah 9:17	Therefore the LORD shall have no joy in their young men, neither shall have mercy on their fatherless and widows: for every one is an hypocrite and an evildoer, and every mouth speaketh folly. For all this his anger is not turned away, but his hand is stretched out still.	
Isaiah 9:18	For wickedness burneth as the fire: it shall devour the briers and thorns, and shall kindle in the thickets of the forest, and they shall mount up like the lifting up of smoke.	
Isaiah 9:5	For every battle of the warrior is with confused noise, and garments rolled in blood; but this shall be with burning and fuel of fire.	
James 1:17	Every good gift and every perfect gift is from above, and cometh down from the Father of lights, with whom is no variableness, neither shadow of turning.	
James 1:2	My brethren, count it all joy when ye fall into divers temptations;	
James 1:22	But be ye doers of the word, and not hearers only, deceiving your own selves.	
James 1:23	For if any be a hearer of the word, and not a doer, he is like unto a man beholding his natural face in a glass:	
James 1:24	For he beholdeth himself, and goeth his way, and straightway forgetteth what manner of man he was.	
James 1:26	If any man among you seem to be religious, and bridleth not his tongue, but deceiveth his own heart, this man's religion is vain.	
James 2:13	For he shall have judgment without mercy, that hath shewed no mercy; and mercy rejoiceth against judgment.	
James 2:15	If a brother or sister be naked, and destitute of daily food,	
James 2:19	Thou believest that there is one God; thou doest well: the devils also believe, and tremble.	
James 2:2	For if there come unto your assembly a man with a gold ring, in goodly apparel, and there come in also a poor man in vile raiment;	
James 2:24	Ye see then how that by works a man is justified, and not by faith only.	
James 2:3	And ye have respect to him that weareth the gay clothing, and say unto him, Sit thou here in a good place; and say to the poor, Stand thou there, or sit here under my footstool:	
James 2:4	Are ye not then partial in yourselves, and are become judges of evil thoughts?	
James 2:6	But ye have despised the poor. Do not rich men oppress you, and draw you before the judgment seats?	
James 2:9	But if ye have respect to persons, ye commit sin, and are convinced of the law as transgressors.	
James 3:1	My brethren, be not many masters, knowing that we shall receive the greater condemnation.	
James 3:10	Out of the same mouth proceedeth blessing and cursing. My brethren, these things ought not so to be.	
James 3:13	Who is a wise man and endued with knowledge among you? let him shew out of a good conversation his works with meekness of wisdom.	
James 3:5	Even so the tongue is a little member, and boasteth great things. Behold, how great a matter a little fire kindleth!	
James 3:9	Therewith bless we God, even the Father; and therewith curse we men, which are made after the similitude of God.	
James 4:11	Speak not evil one of another, brethren. He that speaketh evil of his brother, and judgeth his brother, speaketh evil of the law, and judgeth the law: but if thou judge the law, thou art not a doer of the law, but a judge.	
James 4:14	Whereas ye know not what shall be on the morrow. For what is your life? It is even a vapour, that appeareth for a little time, and then vanisheth away.	
James 4:4	Ye adulterers and adulteresses, know ye not that the friendship of the world is enmity with God? whosoever therefore will be a friend of the world is the enemy of God.	
James 4:6	But he giveth more grace. Wherefore he saith, God resisteth the proud, but giveth grace unto the humble.	
James 5:14	Is any sick among you? let him call for the elders of the church; and let them pray over him, anointing him with oil in the name of the Lord:	
James 5:19	Brethren, if any of you do err from the truth, and one convert him;	
James 5:20	Let him know, that he which converteth the sinner from the error of his way shall save a soul from death, and shall hide a multitude of sins.	
James 5:6	Ye have condemned and killed the just; and he doth not resist you.	
James 5:7	Be patient therefore, brethren, unto the coming of the Lord. Behold, the husbandman waiteth for the precious fruit of the earth, and hath long patience for it, until he receive the early and latter rain.	
Jeremiah 10:1	Hear ye the word which the LORD speaketh unto you, O house of Israel:	
Jeremiah 10:13	When he uttereth his voice, there is a multitude of waters in the heavens, and he causeth the vapours to ascend from the ends of the earth; he maketh lightnings with rain, and bringeth forth the wind out of his treasures.	
Jeremiah 10:17	Gather up thy wares out of the land, O inhabitant of the fortress.	
Jeremiah 10:2	Thus saith the LORD, Learn not the way of the heathen, and be not dismayed at the signs of heaven; for the heathen are dismayed at them.	
Jeremiah 10:22	Behold, the noise of the bruit is come, and a great commotion out of the north country, to make the cities of Judah desolate, and a den of dragons.	
Jeremiah 11:1	The word that came to Jeremiah from the LORD saying,	
Jeremiah 11:11	Therefore thus saith the LORD, Behold, I will bring evil upon them, which they shall not be able to escape; and though they shall cry unto me, I will not hearken unto them.	
Jeremiah 11:14	Therefore pray not thou for this people, neither lift up a cry or prayer for them: for I will not hear them in the time that they cry unto me for their trouble.	
Jeremiah 11:2	Hear ye the words of this covenant, and speak unto the men of Judah, and to the inhabitants of Jerusalem;	
Jeremiah 11:20	But, O LORD of hosts, that judgest righteously, that triest the reins and the heart, let me see thy vengeance on them: for unto thee have I revealed my cause.	
Jeremiah 11:21	Therefore thus saith the LORD of the men of Anathoth, that seek thy life, saying, Prophesy not in the name of the LORD, that thou die not by our hand:	
Jeremiah 11:22	Therefore thus saith the LORD of hosts, Behold, I will punish them: the young men shall die by the sword; their sons and their daughters shall die by famine:	
Jeremiah 11:23	And there shall be no remnant of them: for I will bring evil upon the men of Anathoth, even the year of their visitation.	
Jeremiah 11:5	That I may perform the oath which I have sworn unto your fathers, to give them a land flowing with milk and honey, as it is this day. Then answered I, and said, So be it, O LORD.	
Jeremiah 11:7	For I earnestly protested unto your fathers in the day that I brought them up out of the land of Egypt, even unto this day, rising early and protesting, saying, Obey my voice.	
Jeremiah 12:11	They have made it desolate, and being desolate it mourneth unto me; the whole land is made desolate, because no man layeth it to heart.	
Jeremiah 12:15	And it shall come to pass, after that I have plucked them out I will return, and have compassion on them, and will bring them again, every man to his heritage, and every man to his land.	
Jeremiah 12:2	Thou hast planted them, yea, they have taken root: they grow, yea, they bring forth fruit: thou art near in their mouth, and far from their reins.	
Jeremiah 12:4	How long shall the land mourn, and the herbs of every field wither, for the wickedness of them that dwell therein? the beasts are consumed, and the birds; because they said, He shall not see our last end.	
Jeremiah 12:9	Mine heritage is unto me as a speckled bird, the birds round about are against her; come ye, assemble all the beasts of the field, come to devour.	
Jeremiah 13:25	This is thy lot, the portion of thy measures from me, saith the LORD; because thou hast forgotten me, and trusted in falsehood.	
Jeremiah 13:27	I have seen thine adulteries, and thy neighings, the lewdness of thy whoredom, and thine abominations on the hills in the fields. Woe unto thee, O Jerusalem! wilt thou not be made clean? when shall it once be?	
Jeremiah 13:6	And it came to pass after many days, that the LORD said unto me, Arise, go to Euphrates, and take the girdle from thence, which I commanded thee to hide there.	
Jeremiah 13:8	Then the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,	
Jeremiah 13:9	Thus saith the LORD, After this manner will I mar the pride of Judah, and the great pride of Jerusalem.	
Jeremiah 14:12	When they fast, I will not hear their cry; and when they offer burnt offering and an oblation, I will not accept them: but I will consume them by the sword, and by the famine, and by the pestilence.	
Jeremiah 14:15	Therefore thus saith the LORD concerning the prophets that prophesy in my name, and I sent them not, yet they say, Sword and famine shall not be in this land; By sword and famine shall those prophets be consumed.	
Jeremiah 14:16	And the people to whom they prophesy shall be cast out in the streets of Jerusalem because of the famine and the sword; and they shall have none to bury them, them, their wives, nor their sons, nor their daughters: for I will pour their wickedness upon them.	
Jeremiah 14:17	Therefore thou shalt say this word unto them; Let mine eyes run down with tears night and day, and let them not cease: for the virgin daughter of my people is broken with a great breach, with a very grievous blow.	
Jeremiah 14:18	If I go forth into the field, then behold the slain with the sword! and if I enter into the city, then behold them that are sick with famine! yea, both the prophet and the priest go about into a land that they know not.	
Jeremiah 14:20	We acknowledge, O LORD, our wickedness, and the iniquity of our fathers: for we have sinned against thee.	
Jeremiah 14:22	Are there any among the vanities of the Gentiles that can cause rain? or can the heavens give showers? art not thou he, O LORD our God? therefore we will wait upon thee: for thou hast made all these things.	
Jeremiah 14:4	Because the ground is chapt, for there was no rain in the earth, the plowmen were ashamed, they covered their heads.	
Jeremiah 14:5	Yea, the hind also calved in the field, and forsook it, because there was no grass.	
Jeremiah 15:19	Therefore thus saith the LORD, If thou return, then will I bring thee again, and thou shalt stand before me: and if thou take forth the precious from the vile, thou shalt be as my mouth: let them return unto thee; but return not thou unto them.	
Jeremiah 15:20	And I will make thee unto this people a fenced brasen wall: and they shall fight against thee, but they shall not prevail against thee: for I am with thee to save thee and to deliver thee, saith the LORD.	
Jeremiah 15:8	Their widows are increased to me above the sand of the seas: I have brought upon them against the mother of the young men a spoiler at noonday: I have caused him to fall upon it suddenly, and terrors upon the city.	
Jeremiah 16:10	And it shall come to pass, when thou shalt shew this people all these words, and they shall say unto thee, Wherefore hath the LORD pronounced all this great evil against us? or what is our iniquity? or what is our sin that we have committed against the LORD our God?	
Jeremiah 16:11	Then shalt thou say unto them, Because your fathers have forsaken me, saith the LORD, and have walked after other gods, and have served them, and have worshipped them, and have forsaken me, and have not kept my law;	
Jeremiah 16:17	For mine eyes are upon all their ways: they are not hid from my face, neither is their iniquity hid from mine eyes.	
Jeremiah 16:21	Therefore, behold, I will this once cause them to know, I will cause them to know mine hand and my might; and they shall know that my name is The LORD.	
Jeremiah 16:7	Neither shall men tear themselves for them in mourning, to comfort them for the dead; neither shall men give them the cup of consolation to drink for their father or for their mother.	
Jeremiah 17:18	Let them be confounded that persecute me, but let not me be confounded: let them be dismayed, but let not me be dismayed: bring upon them the day of evil, and destroy them with double destruction.	
Jeremiah 17:20	And say unto them, Hear ye the word of the LORD, ye kings of Judah, and all Judah, and all the inhabitants of Jerusalem, that enter in by these gates:	
Jeremiah 17:21	Thus saith the LORD; Take heed to yourselves, and bear no burden on the sabbath day, nor bring it in by the gates of Jerusalem;	
Jeremiah 17:22	Neither carry forth a burden out of your houses on the sabbath day, neither do ye any work, but hallow ye the sabbath day, as I commanded your fathers.	
Jeremiah 17:23	But they obeyed not, neither inclined their ear, but made their neck stiff, that they might not hear, nor receive instruction.	
Jeremiah 18:7	At what instant I shall speak concerning a nation, and concerning a kingdom, to pluck up, and to pull down, and to destroy it;	
Jeremiah 19:11	And shalt say unto them, Thus saith the LORD of hosts; Even so will I break this people and this city, as one breaketh a potter's vessel, that cannot be made whole again: and they shall bury them in Tophet, till there be no place to bury.	
Jeremiah 19:12	Thus will I do unto this place, saith the LORD, and to the inhabitants thereof, and even make this city as Tophet:	
Jeremiah 19:15	Thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; Behold, I will bring upon this city and upon all her towns all the evil that I have pronounced against it, because they have hardened their necks, that they might not hear my words.	
Jeremiah 19:9	And I will cause them to eat the flesh of their sons and the flesh of their daughters, and they shall eat every one the flesh of his friend in the siege and straitness, wherewith their enemies, and they that seek their lives, shall straiten them.	
Jeremiah 1:1	The words of Jeremiah the son of Hilkiah, of the priests that were in Anathoth in the land of Benjamin:	
Jeremiah 1:15	For, lo, I will call all the families of the kingdoms of the north, saith the LORD; and they shall come, and they shall set every one his throne at the entering of the gates of Jerusalem, and against all the walls thereof round about, and against all the cities of Judah.	
Jeremiah 1:16	And I will utter my judgments against them touching all their wickedness, who have forsaken me, and have burned incense unto other gods, and worshipped the works of their own hands.	
Jeremiah 1:18	For, behold, I have made thee this day a defenced city, and an iron pillar, and brasen walls against the whole land, against the kings of Judah, against the princes thereof, against the priests thereof, and against the people of the land.	
Jeremiah 1:2	To whom the word of the LORD came in the days of Josiah the son of Amon king of Judah, in the thirteenth year of his reign.	
Jeremiah 1:5	Before I formed thee in the belly I knew thee; and before thou camest forth out of the womb I sanctified thee, and I ordained thee a prophet unto the nations.	
Jeremiah 1:6	Then said I, Ah, Lord GOD! behold, I cannot speak: for I am a child.	
Jeremiah 1:8	Be not afraid of their faces: for I am with thee to deliver thee, saith the LORD.	
Jeremiah 20:10	For I heard the defaming of many, fear on every side. Report, say they, and we will report it. All my familiars watched for my halting, saying, Peradventure he will be enticed, and we shall prevail against him, and we shall take our revenge on him.	
Jeremiah 20:11	But the LORD is with me as a mighty terrible one: therefore my persecutors shall stumble, and they shall not prevail: they shall be greatly ashamed; for they shall not prosper: their everlasting confusion shall never be forgotten.	
Jeremiah 20:12	But, O LORD of hosts, that triest the righteous, and seest the reins and the heart, let me see thy vengeance on them: for unto thee have I opened my cause.	
Jeremiah 20:13	Sing unto the LORD, praise ye the LORD: for he hath delivered the soul of the poor from the hand of evildoers.	
Jeremiah 21:2	Enquire, I pray thee, of the LORD for us; for Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon maketh war against us; if so be that the LORD will deal with us according to all his wondrous works, that he may go up from us.	
Jeremiah 21:8	And unto this people thou shalt say, Thus saith the LORD; Behold, I set before you the way of life, and the way of death.	
Jeremiah 22:1	Thus saith the LORD; Go down to the house of the king of Judah, and speak there this word,	
Jeremiah 22:23	O inhabitant of Lebanon, that makest thy nest in the cedars, how gracious shalt thou be when pangs come upon thee, the pain as of a woman in travail!	
Jeremiah 22:25	And I will give thee into the hand of them that seek thy life, and into the hand of them whose face thou fearest, even into the hand of Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon, and into the hand of the Chaldeans.	
Jeremiah 22:26	And I will cast thee out, and thy mother that bare thee, into another country, where ye were not born; and there shall ye die.	
Jeremiah 22:27	But to the land whereunto they desire to return, thither shall they not return.	
Jeremiah 22:28	Is this man Coniah a despised broken idol? is he a vessel wherein is no pleasure? wherefore are they cast out, he and his seed, and are cast into a land which they know not?	
Jeremiah 22:29	O earth, earth, earth, hear the word of the LORD.	
Jeremiah 22:5	But if ye will not hear these words, I swear by myself, saith the LORD, that this house shall become a desolation.	
Jeremiah 22:9	Then they shall answer, Because they have forsaken the covenant of the LORD their God, and worshipped other gods, and served them.	
Jeremiah 23:13	And I have seen folly in the prophets of Samaria; they prophesied in Baal, and caused my people Israel to err.	
Jeremiah 23:19	Behold, a whirlwind of the LORD is gone forth in fury, even a grievous whirlwind: it shall fall grievously upon the head of the wicked.	
Jeremiah 23:2	Therefore thus saith the LORD God of Israel against the pastors that feed my people; Ye have scattered my flock, and driven them away, and have not visited them: behold, I will visit upon you the evil of your doings, saith the LORD.	
Jeremiah 23:23	Am I a God at hand, saith the LORD, and not a God afar off?	
Jeremiah 23:24	Can any hide himself in secret places that I shall not see him? saith the LORD. Do not I fill heaven and earth? saith the LORD.	
Jeremiah 23:27	Which think to cause my people to forget my name by their dreams which they tell every man to his neighbour, as their fathers have forgotten my name for Baal.	
Jeremiah 23:28	The prophet that hath a dream, let him tell a dream; and he that hath my word, let him speak my word faithfully. What is the chaff to the wheat? saith the LORD.	
Jeremiah 23:3	And I will gather the remnant of my flock out of all countries whither I have driven them, and will bring them again to their folds; and they shall be fruitful and increase.	
Jeremiah 23:33	And when this people, or the prophet, or a priest, shall ask thee, saying, What is the burden of the LORD? thou shalt then say unto them, What burden? I will even forsake you, saith the LORD.	
Jeremiah 23:35	Thus shall ye say every one to his neighbour, and every one to his brother, What hath the LORD answered? and, What hath the LORD spoken?	
Jeremiah 23:37	Thus shalt thou say to the prophet, What hath the LORD answered thee? and, What hath the LORD spoken?	
Jeremiah 23:40	And I will bring an everlasting reproach upon you, and a perpetual shame, which shall not be forgotten.	
Jeremiah 23:6	In his days Judah shall be saved, and Israel shall dwell safely: and this is his name whereby he shall be called, THE LORD OUR RIGHTEOUSNESS.	
Jeremiah 24:2	One basket had very good figs, even like the figs that are first ripe: and the other basket had very naughty figs, which could not be eaten, they were so bad.	
Jeremiah 24:9	And I will deliver them to be removed into all the kingdoms of the earth for their hurt, to be a reproach and a proverb, a taunt and a curse, in all places whither I shall drive them.	
Jeremiah 25:1	The word that came to Jeremiah concerning all the people of Judah in the fourth year of Jehoiakim the son of Josiah king of Judah, that was the first year of Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon;	
Jeremiah 25:13	And I will bring upon that land all my words which I have pronounced against it, even all that is written in this book, which Jeremiah hath prophesied against all the nations.	
Jeremiah 25:14	For many nations and great kings shall serve themselves of them also: and I will recompense them according to their deeds, and according to the works of their own hands.	
Jeremiah 25:15	For thus saith the LORD God of Israel unto me; Take the wine cup of this fury at my hand, and cause all the nations, to whom I send thee, to drink it.	
Jeremiah 25:17	Then took I the cup at the LORD's hand, and made all the nations to drink, unto whom the LORD had sent me:	
Jeremiah 25:22	And all the kings of Tyrus, and all the kings of Zidon, and the kings of the isles which are beyond the sea,	
Jeremiah 25:28	And it shall be, if they refuse to take the cup at thine hand to drink, then shalt thou say unto them, Thus saith the LORD of hosts; Ye shall certainly drink.	
Jeremiah 25:31	A noise shall come even to the ends of the earth; for the LORD hath a controversy with the nations, he will plead with all flesh; he will give them that are wicked to the sword, saith the LORD.	
Jeremiah 25:32	Thus saith the LORD of hosts, Behold, evil shall go forth from nation to nation, and a great whirlwind shall be raised up from the coasts of the earth.	
Jeremiah 25:4	And the LORD hath sent unto you all his servants the prophets, rising early and sending them; but ye have not hearkened, nor inclined your ear to hear.	
Jeremiah 25:6	And go not after other gods to serve them, and to worship them, and provoke me not to anger with the works of your hands; and I will do you no hurt.	
Jeremiah 26:1	In the beginning of the reign of Jehoiakim the son of Josiah king of Judah came this word from the LORD, saying,	
Jeremiah 26:10	When the princes of Judah heard these things, then they came up from the king's house unto the house of the LORD, and sat down in the entry of the new gate of the LORD's house.	
Jeremiah 26:12	Then spake Jeremiah unto all the princes and to all the people, saying, The LORD sent me to prophesy against this house and against this city all the words that ye have heard.	
Jeremiah 26:21	And when Jehoiakim the king, with all his mighty men, and all the princes, heard his words, the king sought to put him to death: but when Urijah heard it, he was afraid, and fled, and went into Egypt;	
Jeremiah 26:9	Why hast thou prophesied in the name of the LORD, saying, This house shall be like Shiloh, and this city shall be desolate without an inhabitant? And all the people were gathered against Jeremiah in the house of the LORD.	
Jeremiah 27:13	Why will ye die, thou and thy people, by the sword, by the famine, and by the pestilence, as the LORD hath spoken against the nation that will not serve the king of Babylon?	
Jeremiah 27:14	Therefore hearken not unto the words of the prophets that speak unto you, saying, Ye shall not serve the king of Babylon: for they prophesy a lie unto you.	
Jeremiah 27:17	Hearken not unto them; serve the king of Babylon, and live: wherefore should this city be laid waste?	
Jeremiah 27:2	Thus saith the LORD to me; Make thee bonds and yokes, and put them upon thy neck,	
Jeremiah 27:22	They shall be carried to Babylon, and there shall they be until the day that I visit them, saith the LORD; then will I bring them up, and restore them to this place.	
Jeremiah 28:11	And Hananiah spake in the presence of all the people, saying, Thus saith the LORD; Even so will I break the yoke of Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon from the neck of all nations within the space of two full years. And the prophet Jeremiah went his way.	
Jeremiah 28:17	So Hananiah the prophet died the same year in the seventh month.	
Jeremiah 28:2	Thus speaketh the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel, saying, I have broken the yoke of the king of Babylon.	
Jeremiah 28:7	Nevertheless hear thou now this word that I speak in thine ears, and in the ears of all the people;	
Jeremiah 28:8	The prophets that have been before me and before thee of old prophesied both against many countries, and against great kingdoms, of war, and of evil, and of pestilence.	
Jeremiah 29:15	Because ye have said, The LORD hath raised us up prophets in Babylon;	
Jeremiah 29:17	Thus saith the LORD of hosts; Behold, I will send upon them the sword, the famine, and the pestilence, and will make them like vile figs, that cannot be eaten, they are so evil.	
Jeremiah 29:2	(After that Jeconiah the king, and the queen, and the eunuchs, the princes of Judah and Jerusalem, and the carpenters, and the smiths, were departed from Jerusalem;)	
Jeremiah 29:22	And of them shall be taken up a curse by all the captivity of Judah which are in Babylon, saying, The LORD make thee like Zedekiah and like Ahab, whom the king of Babylon roasted in the fire;	
Jeremiah 29:26	The LORD hath made thee priest in the stead of Jehoiada the priest, that ye should be officers in the house of the LORD, for every man that is mad, and maketh himself a prophet, that thou shouldest put him in prison, and in the stocks.	
Jeremiah 29:4	Thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel, unto all that are carried away captives, whom I have caused to be carried away from Jerusalem unto Babylon;	
Jeremiah 29:5	Build ye houses, and dwell in them; and plant gardens, and eat the fruit of them;	
Jeremiah 2:1	Moreover the word of the LORD came to me, saying,	
Jeremiah 2:11	Hath a nation changed their gods, which are yet no gods? but my people have changed their glory for that which doth not profit.	
Jeremiah 2:14	Is Israel a servant? is he a homeborn slave? why is he spoiled?	
Jeremiah 2:17	Hast thou not procured this unto thyself, in that thou hast forsaken the LORD thy God, when he led thee by the way?	
Jeremiah 2:21	Yet I had planted thee a noble vine, wholly a right seed: how then art thou turned into the degenerate plant of a strange vine unto me?	
Jeremiah 2:23	How canst thou say, I am not polluted, I have not gone after Baalim? see thy way in the valley, know what thou hast done: thou art a swift dromedary traversing her ways;	
Jeremiah 2:25	Withhold thy foot from being unshod, and thy throat from thirst: but thou saidst, There is no hope: no; for I have loved strangers, and after them will I go.	
Jeremiah 2:26	As the thief is ashamed when he is found, so is the house of Israel ashamed; they, their kings, their princes, and their priests, and their prophets.	
Jeremiah 2:27	Saying to a stock, Thou art my father; and to a stone, Thou hast brought me forth: for they have turned their back unto me, and not their face: but in the time of their trouble they will say, Arise, and save us.	
Jeremiah 2:32	Can a maid forget her ornaments, or a bride her attire? yet my people have forgotten me days without number.	
Jeremiah 2:6	Neither said they, Where is the LORD that brought us up out of the land of Egypt, that led us through the wilderness, through a land of deserts and of pits, through a land of drought, and of the shadow of death, through a land that no man passed through, and where no man dwelt?	
Jeremiah 2:9	Wherefore I will yet plead with you, saith the LORD, and with your children's children will I plead.	
Jeremiah 30:11	For I am with thee, saith the LORD, to save thee: though I make a full end of all nations whither I have scattered thee, yet I will not make a full end of thee: but I will correct thee in measure, and will not leave thee altogether unpunished.	
Jeremiah 30:13	There is none to plead thy cause, that thou mayest be bound up: thou hast no healing medicines.	
Jeremiah 30:15	Why criest thou for thine affliction? thy sorrow is incurable for the multitude of thine iniquity: because thy sins were increased, I have done these things unto thee.	
Jeremiah 30:17	For I will restore health unto thee, and I will heal thee of thy wounds, saith the LORD; because they called thee an Outcast, saying, This is Zion, whom no man seeketh after.	
Jeremiah 30:22	And ye shall be my people, and I will be your God.	
Jeremiah 30:7	Alas! for that day is great, so that none is like it: it is even the time of Jacob's trouble, but he shall be saved out of it.	
Jeremiah 31:14	And I will satiate the soul of the priests with fatness, and my people shall be satisfied with my goodness, saith the LORD.	
Jeremiah 31:19	Surely after that I was turned, I repented; and after that I was instructed, I smote upon my thigh: I was ashamed, yea, even confounded, because I did bear the reproach of my youth.	
Jeremiah 31:2	Thus saith the LORD, The people which were left of the sword found grace in the wilderness; even Israel, when I went to cause him to rest.	
Jeremiah 31:25	For I have satiated the weary soul, and I have replenished every sorrowful soul.	
Jeremiah 31:27	Behold, the days come, saith the LORD, that I will sow the house of Israel and the house of Judah with the seed of man, and with the seed of beast.	
Jeremiah 31:37	Thus saith the LORD; If heaven above can be measured, and the foundations of the earth searched out beneath, I will also cast off all the seed of Israel for all that they have done, saith the LORD.	
Jeremiah 31:8	Behold, I will bring them from the north country, and gather them from the coasts of the earth, and with them the blind and the lame, the woman with child and her that travaileth with child together: a great company shall return thither.	
Jeremiah 32:11	So I took the evidence of the purchase, both that which was sealed according to the law and custom, and that which was open:	
Jeremiah 32:12	And I gave the evidence of the purchase unto Baruch the son of Neriah, the son of Maaseiah, in the sight of Hanameel mine uncle's son, and in the presence of the witnesses that subscribed the book of the purchase, before all the Jews that sat in the court of the prison.	
Jeremiah 32:14	Thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; Take these evidences, this evidence of the purchase, both which is sealed, and this evidence which is open; and put them in an earthen vessel, that they may continue many days.	
Jeremiah 32:16	Now when I had delivered the evidence of the purchase unto Baruch the son of Neriah, I prayed unto the LORD, saying,	
Jeremiah 32:17	Ah Lord GOD! behold, thou hast made the heaven and the earth by thy great power and stretched out arm, and there is nothing too hard for thee:	
Jeremiah 32:18	Thou shewest lovingkindness unto thousands, and recompensest the iniquity of the fathers into the bosom of their children after them: the Great, the Mighty God, the LORD of hosts, is his name,	
Jeremiah 32:20	Which hast set signs and wonders in the land of Egypt, even unto this day, and in Israel, and among other men; and hast made thee a name, as at this day;	
Jeremiah 32:28	Therefore thus saith the LORD; Behold, I will give this city into the hand of the Chaldeans, and into the hand of Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon, and he shall take it:	
Jeremiah 32:29	And the Chaldeans, that fight against this city, shall come and set fire on this city, and burn it with the houses, upon whose roofs they have offered incense unto Baal, and poured out drink offerings unto other gods, to provoke me to anger.	
Jeremiah 32:30	For the children of Israel and the children of Judah have only done evil before me from their youth: for the children of Israel have only provoked me to anger with the work of their hands, saith the LORD.	
Jeremiah 32:34	But they set their abominations in the house, which is called by my name, to defile it.	
Jeremiah 32:35	And they built the high places of Baal, which are in the valley of the son of Hinnom, to cause their sons and their daughters to pass through the fire unto Molech; which I commanded them not, neither came it into my mind, that they should do this abomination, to cause Judah to sin.	
Jeremiah 32:38	And they shall be my people, and I will be their God:	
Jeremiah 32:4	And Zedekiah king of Judah shall not escape out of the hand of the Chaldeans, but shall surely be delivered into the hand of the king of Babylon, and shall speak with him mouth to mouth, and his eyes shall behold his eyes;	
Jeremiah 33:1	Moreover the word of the LORD came unto Jeremiah the second time, while he was yet shut up in the court of the prison, saying,	
Jeremiah 33:14	Behold, the days come, saith the LORD, that I will perform that good thing which I have promised unto the house of Israel and to the house of Judah.	
Jeremiah 33:16	In those days shall Judah be saved, and Jerusalem shall dwell safely: and this is the name wherewith she shall be called, The LORD our righteousness.	
Jeremiah 33:18	Neither shall the priests the Levites want a man before me to offer burnt offerings, and to kindle meat offerings, and to do sacrifice continually.	
Jeremiah 33:6	Behold, I will bring it health and cure, and I will cure them, and will reveal unto them the abundance of peace and truth.	
Jeremiah 33:8	And I will cleanse them from all their iniquity, whereby they have sinned against me; and I will pardon all their iniquities, whereby they have sinned, and whereby they have transgressed against me.	
Jeremiah 33:9	And it shall be to me a name of joy, a praise and an honour before all the nations of the earth, which shall hear all the good that I do unto them: and they shall fear and tremble for all the goodness and for all the prosperity that I procure unto it.	
Jeremiah 34:11	But afterward they turned, and caused the servants and the handmaids, whom they had let go free, to return, and brought them into subjection for servants and for handmaids.	
Jeremiah 34:22	Behold, I will command, saith the LORD, and cause them to return to this city; and they shall fight against it, and take it, and burn it with fire: and I will make the cities of Judah a desolation without an inhabitant.	
Jeremiah 34:5	But thou shalt die in peace: and with the burnings of thy fathers, the former kings which were before thee, so shall they burn odours for thee; and they will lament thee, saying, Ah lord! for I have pronounced the word, saith the LORD.	
Jeremiah 35:1	The word which came unto Jeremiah from the LORD in the days of Jehoiakim the son of Josiah king of Judah, saying,	
Jeremiah 35:12	Then came the word of the LORD unto Jeremiah, saying,	
Jeremiah 35:17	Therefore thus saith the LORD God of hosts, the God of Israel; Behold, I will bring upon Judah and upon all the inhabitants of Jerusalem all the evil that I have pronounced against them: because I have spoken unto them, but they have not heard; and I have called unto them, but they have not answered.	
Jeremiah 35:18	And Jeremiah said unto the house of the Rechabites, Thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; Because ye have obeyed the commandment of Jonadab your father, and kept all his precepts, and done according unto all that he hath commanded you:	
Jeremiah 35:2	Go unto the house of the Rechabites, and speak unto them, and bring them into the house of the LORD, into one of the chambers, and give them wine to drink.	
Jeremiah 35:8	Thus have we obeyed the voice of Jonadab the son of Rechab our father in all that he hath charged us, to drink no wine all our days, we, our wives, our sons, nor our daughters;	
Jeremiah 36:10	Then read Baruch in the book the words of Jeremiah in the house of the LORD, in the chamber of Gemariah the son of Shaphan the scribe, in the higher court, at the entry of the new gate of the LORD's house, in the ears of all the people.	
Jeremiah 36:17	And they asked Baruch, saying, Tell us now, How didst thou write all these words at his mouth?	
Jeremiah 36:21	So the king sent Jehudi to fetch the roll: and he took it out of Elishama the scribe's chamber. And Jehudi read it in the ears of the king, and in the ears of all the princes which stood beside the king.	
Jeremiah 36:22	Now the king sat in the winterhouse in the ninth month: and there was a fire on the hearth burning before him.	
Jeremiah 36:24	Yet they were not afraid, nor rent their garments, neither the king, nor any of his servants that heard all these words.	
Jeremiah 36:29	And thou shalt say to Jehoiakim king of Judah, Thus saith the LORD; Thou hast burned this roll, saying, Why hast thou written therein, saying, The king of Babylon shall certainly come and destroy this land, and shall cause to cease from thence man and beast?	
Jeremiah 37:1	And king Zedekiah the son of Josiah reigned instead of Coniah the son of Jehoiakim, whom Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon made king in the land of Judah.	
Jeremiah 37:15	Wherefore the princes were wroth with Jeremiah, and smote him, and put him in prison in the house of Jonathan the scribe: for they had made that the prison.	
Jeremiah 37:16	When Jeremiah was entered into the dungeon, and into the cabins, and Jeremiah had remained there many days;	
Jeremiah 37:19	Where are now your prophets which prophesied unto you, saying, The king of Babylon shall not come against you, nor against this land?	
Jeremiah 37:20	Therefore hear now, I pray thee, O my lord the king: let my supplication, I pray thee, be accepted before thee; that thou cause me not to return to the house of Jonathan the scribe, lest I die there.	
Jeremiah 37:6	Then came the word of the LORD unto the prophet Jeremiah saying,	
Jeremiah 37:8	And the Chaldeans shall come again, and fight against this city, and take it, and burn it with fire.	
Jeremiah 38:1	Then Shephatiah the son of Mattan, and Gedaliah the son of Pashur, and Jucal the son of Shelemiah, and Pashur the son of Malchiah, heard the words that Jeremiah had spoken unto all the people, saying,	
Jeremiah 38:14	Then Zedekiah the king sent, and took Jeremiah the prophet unto him into the third entry that is in the house of the LORD: and the king said unto Jeremiah, I will ask thee a thing; hide nothing from m|e.	
Jeremiah 38:18	But if thou wilt not go forth to the king of Babylon's princes, then shall this city be given into the hand of the Chaldeans, and they shall burn it with fire, and thou shalt not escape out of their hand.	
Jeremiah 38:28	So Jeremiah abode in the court of the prison until the day that Jerusalem was taken: and he was there when Jerusalem was taken.	
Jeremiah 38:6	Then took they Jeremiah, and cast him into the dungeon of Malchiah the son of Hammelech, that was in the court of the prison: and they let down Jeremiah with cords. And in the dungeon there was no water, but mire: so Jeremiah sunk in the mire.	
Jeremiah 38:8	Ebedmelech went forth out of the king's house, and spake to the king saying,	
Jeremiah 39:10	But Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard left of the poor of the people, which had nothing, in the land of Judah, and gave them vineyards and fields at the same time.	
Jeremiah 39:13	So Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard sent, and Nebushasban, Rabsaris, and Nergalsharezer, Rabmag, and all the king of Babylon's princes;	
Jeremiah 39:14	Even they sent, and took Jeremiah out of the court of the prison, and committed him unto Gedaliah the son of Ahikam the son of Shaphan, that he should carry him home: so he dwelt among the people.	
Jeremiah 39:15	Now the word of the LORD came unto Jeremiah, while he was shut up in the court of the prison, saying,	
Jeremiah 39:16	Go and speak to Ebedmelech the Ethiopian, saying, Thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; Behold, I will bring my words upon this city for evil, and not for good; and they shall be accomplished in that day before thee.	
Jeremiah 39:3	And all the princes of the king of Babylon came in, and sat in the middle gate, even Nergalsharezer, Samgarnebo, Sarsechim, Rabsaris, Nergalsharezer, Rabmag, with all the residue of the princes of the king of Babylon.	
Jeremiah 39:6	Then the king of Babylon slew the sons of Zedekiah in Riblah before his eyes: also the king of Babylon slew all the nobles of Judah.	
Jeremiah 39:8	And the Chaldeans burned the king's house, and the houses of the people, with fire, and brake down the walls of Jerusalem.	
Jeremiah 3:16	And it shall come to pass, when ye be multiplied and increased in the land, in those days, saith the LORD, they shall say no more, The ark of the covenant of the LORD: neither shall it come to mind: neither shall they remember it; neither shall they visit it; neither shall that be done any more.	
Jeremiah 3:19	But I said, How shall I put thee among the children, and give thee a pleasant land, a goodly heritage of the hosts of nations? and I said, Thou shalt call me, My father; and shalt not turn away from me.	
Jeremiah 3:23	Truly in vain is salvation hoped for from the hills, and from the multitude of mountains: truly in the LORD our God is the salvation of Israel.	
Jeremiah 3:8	And I saw, when for all the causes whereby backsliding Israel committed adultery I had put her away, and given her a bill of divorce; yet her treacherous sister Judah feared not, but went and played the harlot also.	
Jeremiah 40:10	As for me, behold, I will dwell at Mizpah, to serve the Chaldeans, which will come unto us: but ye, gather ye wine, and summer fruits, and oil, and put them in your vessels, and dwell in your cities that ye have taken.	
Jeremiah 40:11	Likewise when all the Jews that were in Moab, and among the Ammonites, and in Edom, and that were in all the countries, heard that the king of Babylon had left a remnant of Judah, and that he had set over them Gedaliah the son of Ahikam the son of Shaphan;	
Jeremiah 40:6	Then went Jeremiah unto Gedaliah the son of Ahikam to Mizpah; and dwelt with him among the people that were left in the land.	
Jeremiah 40:9	And Gedaliah the son of Ahikam the son of Shaphan sware unto them and to their men, saying, Fear not to serve the Chaldeans: dwell in the land, and serve the king of Babylon, and it shall be well with you.	
Jeremiah 41:15	But Ishmael the son of Nethaniah escaped from Johanan with eight men, and went to the Ammonites.	
Jeremiah 41:16	Then took Johanan the son of Kareah, and all the captains of the forces that were with him, all the remnant of the people whom he had recovered from Ishmael the son of Nethaniah, from Mizpah, after that he had slain Gedaliah the son of Ahikam, even mighty men of war, and the women, and the children, and the eunuchs, whom he had brought again from Gibeon:	
Jeremiah 41:17	And they departed, and dwelt in the habitation of Chimham, which is by Bethlehem, to go to enter into Egypt,	
Jeremiah 41:4	And it came to pass the second day after he had slain Gedaliah, and no man knew it,	
Jeremiah 42:11	Be not afraid of the king of Babylon, of whom ye are afraid; be not afraid of him, saith the LORD: for I am with you to save you, and to deliver you from his hand.	
Jeremiah 42:17	So shall it be with all the men that set their faces to go into Egypt to sojourn there; they shall die by the sword, by the famine, and by the pestilence: and none of them shall remain or escape from the evil that I will bring upon them.	
Jeremiah 42:19	The LORD hath said concerning you, O ye remnant of Judah; Go ye not into Egypt: know certainly that I have admonished you this day.	
Jeremiah 42:22	Now therefore know certainly that ye shall die by the sword, by the famine, and by the pestilence, in the place whither ye desire to go and to sojourn.	
Jeremiah 42:3	That the LORD thy God may shew us the way wherein we may walk, and the thing that we may do.	
Jeremiah 43:10	And say unto them, Thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; Behold, I will send and take Nebuchadrezzar the king of Babylon, my servant, and will set his throne upon these stones that I have hid; and he shall spread his royal pavilion over them.	
Jeremiah 43:4	So Johanan the son of Kareah, and all the captains of the forces, and all the people, obeyed not the voice of the LORD, to dwell in the land of Judah.	
Jeremiah 43:6	Even men, and women, and children, and the king's daughters, and every person that Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard had left with Gedaliah the son of Ahikam the son of Shaphan, and Jeremiah the prophet, and Baruch the son of Neriah.	
Jeremiah 44:2	Thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; Ye have seen all the evil that I have brought upon Jerusalem, and upon all the cities of Judah; and, behold, this day they are a desolation, and no man dwelleth therein,	
Jeremiah 44:23	Because ye have burned incense, and because ye have sinned against the LORD, and have not obeyed the voice of the LORD, nor walked in his law, nor in his statutes, nor in his testimonies; therefore this evil is happened unto you, as at this day.	
Jeremiah 44:26	Therefore hear ye the word of the LORD, all Judah that dwell in the land of Egypt; Behold, I have sworn by my great name, saith the LORD, that my name shall no more be named in the mouth of any man of Judah in all the land of Egypt, saying, The Lord GOD liveth.	
Jeremiah 44:7	Therefore now thus saith the LORD, the God of hosts, the God of Israel; Wherefore commit ye this great evil against your souls, to cut off from you man and woman, child and suckling, out of Judah, to leave you none to remain;	
Jeremiah 45:3	Thou didst say, Woe is me now! for the LORD hath added grief to my sorrow; I fainted in my sighing, and I find no rest.	
Jeremiah 45:4	Thus shalt thou say unto him, The LORD saith thus; Behold, that which I have built will I break down, and that which I have planted I will pluck up, even this whole land.	
Jeremiah 46:12	The nations have heard of thy shame, and thy cry hath filled the land: for the mighty man hath stumbled against the mighty, and they are fallen both together.	
Jeremiah 46:16	He made many to fall, yea, one fell upon another: and they said, Arise, and let us go again to our own people, and to the land of our nativity, from the oppressing sword.	
Jeremiah 46:20	Egypt is like a very fair heifer, but destruction cometh; it cometh out of the north.	
Jeremiah 46:22	The voice thereof shall go like a serpent; for they shall march with an army, and come against her with axes, as hewers of wood.	
Jeremiah 47:5	Baldness is come upon Gaza; Ashkelon is cut off with the remnant of their valley: how long wilt thou cut thyself?	
Jeremiah 47:6	O thou sword of the LORD, how long will it be ere thou be quiet? put up thyself into thy scabbard, rest, and be still.	
Jeremiah 47:7	How can it be quiet, seeing the LORD hath given it a charge against Ashkelon, and against the sea shore? there hath he appointed it.	
Jeremiah 48:15	Moab is spoiled, and gone up out of her cities, and his chosen young men are gone down to the slaughter, saith the King, whose name is the LORD of hosts.	
Jeremiah 48:17	All ye that are about him, bemoan him; and all ye that know his name, say, How is the strong staff broken, and the beautiful rod!	
Jeremiah 48:19	O inhabitant of Aroer, stand by the way, and espy; ask him that fleeth, and her that escapeth, and say, What is done?	
Jeremiah 48:23	And upon Kiriathaim, and upon Bethgamul, and upon Bethmeon,	
Jeremiah 48:26	Make ye him drunken: for he magnified himself against the LORD: Moab also shall wallow in his vomit, and he also shall be in derision.	
Jeremiah 48:3	A voice of crying shall be from Horonaim, spoiling and great destruction.	
Jeremiah 48:32	O vine of Sibmah, I will weep for thee with the weeping of Jazer: thy plants are gone over the sea, they reach even to the sea of Jazer: the spoiler is fallen upon thy summer fruits and upon thy vintage.	
Jeremiah 48:37	For every head shall be bald, and every beard clipped: upon all the hands shall be cuttings, and upon the loins sackcloth.	
Jeremiah 48:38	There shall be lamentation generally upon all the housetops of Moab, and in the streets thereof: for I have broken Moab like a vessel wherein is no pleasure, saith the LORD.	
Jeremiah 48:41	Kerioth is taken, and the strong holds are surprised, and the mighty men's hearts in Moab at that day shall be as the heart of a woman in her pangs.	
Jeremiah 48:44	He that fleeth from the fear shall fall into the pit; and he that getteth up out of the pit shall be taken in the snare: for I will bring upon it, even upon Moab, the year of their visitation, saith the LORD.	
Jeremiah 48:47	Yet will I bring again the captivity of Moab in the latter days, saith the LORD. Thus far is the judgment of Moab.	
Jeremiah 48:5	For in the going up of Luhith continual weeping shall go up; for in the going down of Horonaim the enemies have heard a cry of destruction.	
Jeremiah 48:7	For because thou hast trusted in thy works and in thy treasures, thou shalt also be taken: and Chemosh shall go forth into captivity with his priests and his princes together.	
Jeremiah 49:10	But I have made Esau bare, I have uncovered his secret places, and he shall not be able to hide himself: his seed is spoiled, and his brethren, and his neighbours, and he is not.	
Jeremiah 49:12	For thus saith the LORD; Behold, they whose judgment was not to drink of the cup have assuredly drunken; and art thou he that shall altogether go unpunished? thou shalt not go unpunished, but thou shalt surely drink of it.	
Jeremiah 49:16	Thy terribleness hath deceived thee, and the pride of thine heart, O thou that dwellest in the clefts of the rock, that holdest the height of the hill: though thou shouldest make thy nest as high as the eagle, I will bring thee down from thence, saith the LORD.	
Jeremiah 49:17	Also Edom shall be a desolation: every one that goeth by it shall be astonished, and shall hiss at all the plagues thereof.	
Jeremiah 49:19	Behold, he shall come up like a lion from the swelling of Jordan against the habitation of the strong: but I will suddenly make him run away from her: and who is a chosen man, that I may appoint over her? for who is like me? and who will appoint me the time? and who is that shepherd that will stand before me?	
Jeremiah 49:20	Therefore hear the counsel of the LORD, that he hath taken against Edom; and his purposes, that he hath purposed against the inhabitants of Teman: Surely the least of the flock shall draw them out: surely he shall make their habitations desolate with them.	
Jeremiah 49:23	Concerning Damascus. Hamath is confounded, and Arpad: for they have heard evil tidings: they are fainthearted; there is sorrow on the sea; it cannot be quiet.	
Jeremiah 49:28	Concerning Kedar, and concerning the kingdoms of Hazor, which Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon shall smite, thus saith the LORD; Arise ye, go up to Kedar, and spoil the men of the east.	
Jeremiah 49:30	Flee, get you far off, dwell deep, O ye inhabitants of Hazor, saith the LORD; for Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon hath taken counsel against you, and hath conceived a purpose against you.	
Jeremiah 49:31	Arise, get you up unto the wealthy nation, that dwelleth without care, saith the LORD, which have neither gates nor bars, which dwell alone.	
Jeremiah 49:33	And Hazor shall be a dwelling for dragons, and a desolation for ever: there shall no man abide there, nor any son of man dwell in it.	
Jeremiah 49:36	And upon Elam will I bring the four winds from the four quarters of heaven, and will scatter them toward all those winds; and there shall be no nation whither the outcasts of Elam shall not come.	
Jeremiah 49:4	Wherefore gloriest thou in the valleys, thy flowing valley, O backsliding daughter? that trusted in her treasures, saying, Who shall come unto me?	
Jeremiah 4:11	At that time shall it be said to this people and to Jerusalem, A dry wind of the high places in the wilderness toward the daughter of my people, not to fan, nor to cleanse,	
Jeremiah 4:17	As keepers of a field, are they against her round about; because she hath been rebellious against me, saith the LORD.	
Jeremiah 4:20	Destruction upon destruction is cried; for the whole land is spoiled: suddenly are my tents spoiled, and my curtains in a moment.	
Jeremiah 4:22	For my people is foolish, they have not known me; they are sottish children, and they have none understanding: they are wise to do evil, but to do good they have no knowledge.	
Jeremiah 4:23	I beheld the earth, and, lo, it was without form, and void; and the heavens, and they had no light.	
Jeremiah 4:28	For this shall the earth mourn, and the heavens above be black; because I have spoken it, I have purposed it, and will not repent, neither will I turn back from it.	
Jeremiah 4:29	The whole city shall flee for the noise of the horsemen and bowmen; they shall go into thickets, and climb up upon the rocks: every city shall be forsaken, and not a man dwell therein.	
Jeremiah 4:4	Circumcise yourselves to the LORD, and take away the foreskins of your heart, ye men of Judah and inhabitants of Jerusalem: lest my fury come forth like fire, and burn that none can quench it, because of the evil of your doings.	
Jeremiah 4:7	The lion is come up from his thicket, and the destroyer of the Gentiles is on his way; he is gone forth from his place to make thy land desolate; and thy cities shall be laid waste, without an inhabitant.	
Jeremiah 4:8	For this gird you with sackcloth, lament and howl: for the fierce anger of the LORD is not turned back from us.	
Jeremiah 4:9	And it shall come to pass at that day, saith the LORD, that the heart of the king shall perish, and the heart of the princes; and the priests shall be astonished, and the prophets shall wonder.	
Jeremiah 50:1	The word that the LORD spake against Babylon and against the land of the Chaldeans by Jeremiah the prophet.	
Jeremiah 50:10	And Chaldea shall be a spoil: all that spoil her shall be satisfied, saith the LORD.	
Jeremiah 50:14	Put yourselves in array against Babylon round about: all ye that bend the bow, shoot at her, spare no arrows: for she hath sinned against the LORD.	
Jeremiah 50:15	Shout against her round about: she hath given her hand: her foundations are fallen, her walls are thrown down: for it is the vengeance of the LORD: take vengeance upon her; as she hath done, do unto her.	
Jeremiah 50:16	Cut off the sower from Babylon, and him that handleth the sickle in the time of harvest: for fear of the oppressing sword they shall turn every one to his people, and they shall flee every one to his own land.	
Jeremiah 50:2	Declare ye among the nations, and publish, and set up a standard; publish, and conceal not: say, Babylon is taken, Bel is confounded, Merodach is broken in pieces; her idols are confounded, her images are broken in pieces.	
Jeremiah 50:21	Go up against the land of Merathaim, even against it, and against the inhabitants of Pekod: waste and utterly destroy after them, saith the LORD, and do according to all that I have commanded thee.	
Jeremiah 50:22	A sound of battle is in the land, and of great destruction.	
Jeremiah 50:25	The LORD hath opened his armoury, and hath brought forth the weapons of his indignation: for this is the work of the Lord GOD of hosts in the land of the Chaldeans.	
Jeremiah 50:26	Come against her from the utmost border, open her storehouses: cast her up as heaps, and destroy her utterly: let nothing of her be left.	
Jeremiah 50:3	For out of the north there cometh up a nation against her, which shall make her land desolate, and none shall dwell therein: they shall remove, they shall depart, both man and beast.	
Jeremiah 50:32	And the most proud shall stumble and fall, and none shall raise him up: and I will kindle a fire in his cities, and it shall devour all round about him.	
Jeremiah 50:34	Their Redeemer is strong; the LORD of hosts is his name: he shall throughly plead their cause, that he may give rest to the land, and disquiet the inhabitants of Babylon.	
Jeremiah 50:37	A sword is upon their horses, and upon their chariots, and upon all the mingled people that are in the midst of her; and they shall become as women: a sword is upon her treasures; and they shall be robbed.	
Jeremiah 50:39	Therefore the wild beasts of the desert with the wild beasts of the islands shall dwell there, and the owls shall dwell therein: and it shall be no more inhabited for ever; neither shall it be dwelt in from generation to generation.	
Jeremiah 50:42	They shall hold the bow and the lance: they are cruel, and will not shew mercy: their voice shall roar like the sea, and they shall ride upon horses, every one put in array, like a man to the battle, against thee, O daughter of Babylon.	
Jeremiah 50:43	The king of Babylon hath heard the report of them, and his hands waxed feeble: anguish took hold of him, and pangs as of a woman in travail.	
Jeremiah 50:46	At the noise of the taking of Babylon the earth is moved, and the cry is heard among the nations.	
Jeremiah 50:9	For, lo, I will raise and cause to come up against Babylon an assembly of great nations from the north country: and they shall set themselves in array against her; from thence she shall be taken: their arrows shall be as of a mighty expert man; none shall return in vain.	
Jeremiah 51:1	Thus saith the LORD; Behold, I will raise up against Babylon, and against them that dwell in the midst of them that rise up against me, a destroying wind;	
Jeremiah 51:12	Set up the standard upon the walls of Babylon, make the watch strong, set up the watchmen, prepare the ambushes: for the LORD hath both devised and done that which he spake against the inhabitants of Babylon.	
Jeremiah 51:15	He hath made the earth by his power, he hath established the world by his wisdom, and hath stretched out the heaven by his understanding.	
Jeremiah 51:21	And with thee will I break in pieces the horse and his rider; and with thee will I break in pieces the chariot and his rider;	
Jeremiah 51:31	One post shall run to meet another, and one messenger to meet another, to shew the king of Babylon that his city is taken at one end,	
Jeremiah 51:32	And that the passages are stopped, and the reeds they have burned with fire, and the men of war are affrighted.	
Jeremiah 51:34	Nebuchadrezzar the king of Babylon hath devoured me, he hath crushed me, he hath made me an empty vessel, he hath swallowed me up like a dragon, he hath filled his belly with my delicates, he hath cast me out.	
Jeremiah 51:38	They shall roar together like lions: they shall yell as lions' whelps.	
Jeremiah 51:4	Thus the slain shall fall in the land of the Chaldeans, and they that are thrust through in her streets.	
Jeremiah 51:45	My people, go ye out of the midst of her, and deliver ye every man his soul from the fierce anger of the LORD.	
Jeremiah 51:55	Because the LORD hath spoiled Babylon, and destroyed out of her the great voice; when her waves do roar like great waters, a noise of their voice is uttered:	
Jeremiah 51:56	Because the spoiler is come upon her, even upon Babylon, and her mighty men are taken, every one of their bows is broken: for the LORD God of recompences shall surely requite.	
Jeremiah 51:6	Flee out of the midst of Babylon, and deliver every man his soul: be not cut off in her iniquity; for this is the time of the LORD's vengeance; he will render unto her a recompence.	
Jeremiah 51:63	And it shall be, when thou hast made an end of reading this book, that thou shalt bind a stone to it, and cast it into the midst of Euphrates:	
Jeremiah 51:64	And thou shalt say, Thus shall Babylon sink, and shall not rise from the evil that I will bring upon her: and they shall be weary. Thus far are the words of Jeremiah.	
Jeremiah 51:9	We would have healed Babylon, but she is not healed: forsake her, and let us go every one into his own country: for her judgment reacheth unto heaven, and is lifted up even to the skies.	
Jeremiah 52:10	And the king of Babylon slew the sons of Zedekiah before his eyes: he slew also all the princes of Judah in Riblah.	
Jeremiah 52:11	Then he put out the eyes of Zedekiah; and the king of Babylon bound him in chains, and carried him to Babylon, and put him in prison till the day of his death.	
Jeremiah 52:19	And the basons, and the firepans, and the bowls, and the caldrons, and the candlesticks, and the spoons, and the cups; that which was of gold in gold, and that which was of silver in silver, took the captain of the guard away.	
Jeremiah 52:31	And it came to pass in the seven and thirtieth year of the captivity of Jehoiachin king of Judah, in the twelfth month, in the five and twentieth day of the month, that Evilmerodach king of Babylon in the first year of his reign lifted up the head of Jehoiachin king of Judah, and brought him forth out of prison.	
Jeremiah 52:4	And it came to pass in the ninth year of his reign, in the tenth month, in the tenth day of the month, that Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon came, he and all his army, against Jerusalem, and pitched against it, and built forts against it round about.	
Jeremiah 52:7	Then the city was broken up, and all the men of war fled, and went forth out of the city by night by the way of the gate between the two walls, which was by the king's garden; (now the Chaldeans were by the city round about:) and they went by the way of the plain.	
Jeremiah 5:1	Run ye to and fro through the streets of Jerusalem, and see now, and know, and seek in the broad places thereof, if ye can find a man, if there be any that executeth judgment, that seeketh the truth; and I will pardon it.	
Jeremiah 5:20	Declare this in the house of Jacob, and publish it in Judah, saying,	
Jeremiah 5:22	Fear ye not me? saith the LORD: will ye not tremble at my presence, which have placed the sand for the bound of the sea by a perpetual decree, that it cannot pass it: and though the waves thereof toss themselves, yet can they not prevail; though they roar, yet can they not pass over it?	
Jeremiah 5:24	Neither say they in their heart, Let us now fear the LORD our God, that giveth rain, both the former and the latter, in his season: he reserveth unto us the appointed weeks of the harvest.	
Jeremiah 5:28	They are waxen fat, they shine: yea, they overpass the deeds of the wicked: they judge not the cause, the cause of the fatherless, yet they prosper; and the right of the needy do they not judge.	
Jeremiah 6:1	O ye children of Benjamin, gather yourselves to flee out of the midst of Jerusalem, and blow the trumpet in Tekoa, and set up a sign of fire in Bethhaccerem: for evil appeareth out of the north, and great destruction.	
Jeremiah 6:13	For from the least of them even unto the greatest of them every one is given to covetousness; and from the prophet even unto the priest every one dealeth falsely.	
Jeremiah 6:15	Were they ashamed when they had committed abomination? nay, they were not at all ashamed, neither could they blush: therefore they shall fall among them that fall: at the time that I visit them they shall be cast down, saith the LORD.	
Jeremiah 6:20	To what purpose cometh there to me incense from Sheba, and the sweet cane from a far country? your burnt offerings are not acceptable, nor your sacrifices sweet unto me.	
Jeremiah 6:23	They shall lay hold on bow and spear; they are cruel, and have no mercy; their voice roareth like the sea; and they ride upon horses, set in array as men for war against thee, O daughter of Zion.	
Jeremiah 6:24	We have heard the fame thereof: our hands wax feeble: anguish hath taken hold of us, and pain, as of a woman in travail.	
Jeremiah 6:4	Prepare ye war against her; arise, and let us go up at noon. Woe unto us! for the day goeth away, for the shadows of the evening are stretched out.	
Jeremiah 6:5	Arise, and let us go by night, and let us destroy her palaces.	
Jeremiah 6:6	For thus hath the LORD of hosts said, Hew ye down trees, and cast a mount against Jerusalem: this is the city to be visited; she is wholly oppression in the midst of her.	
Jeremiah 6:8	Be thou instructed, O Jerusalem, lest my soul depart from thee; lest I make thee desolate, a land not inhabited.	
Jeremiah 7:16	Therefore pray not thou for this people, neither lift up cry nor prayer for them, neither make intercession to me: for I will not hear thee.	
Jeremiah 7:2	Stand in the gate of the LORD's house, and proclaim there this word, and say, Hear the word of the LORD, all ye of Judah, that enter in at these gates to worship the LORD.	
Jeremiah 7:21	Thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; Put your burnt offerings unto your sacrifices, and eat flesh.	
Jeremiah 7:22	For I spake not unto your fathers, nor commanded them in the day that I brought them out of the land of Egypt, concerning burnt offerings or sacrifices:	
Jeremiah 7:30	For the children of Judah have done evil in my sight, saith the LORD: they have set their abominations in the house which is called by my name, to pollute it.	
Jeremiah 7:6	If ye oppress not the stranger, the fatherless, and the widow, and shed not innocent blood in this place, neither walk after other gods to your hurt:	
Jeremiah 8:3	And death shall be chosen rather than life by all the residue of them that remain of this evil family, which remain in all the places whither I have driven them, saith the LORD of hosts.	
Jeremiah 8:5	Why then is this people of Jerusalem slidden back by a perpetual backsliding? they hold fast deceit, they refuse to return.	
Jeremiah 9:13	And the LORD saith, Because they have forsaken my law which I set before them, and have not obeyed my voice, neither walked therein;	
Jeremiah 9:17	Thus saith the LORD of hosts, Consider ye, and call for the mourning women, that they may come; and send for cunning women, that they may come:	
Jeremiah 9:20	Yet hear the word of the LORD, O ye women, and let your ear receive the word of his mouth, and teach your daughters wailing, and every one her neighbour lamentation.	
Jeremiah 9:24	But let him that glorieth glory in this, that he understandeth and knoweth me, that I am the LORD which exercise lovingkindness, judgment, and righteousness, in the earth: for in these things I delight, saith the LORD.	
Jeremiah 9:4	Take ye heed every one of his neighbour, and trust ye not in any brother: for every brother will utterly supplant, and every neighbour will walk with slanders.	
Jeremiah 9:5	And they will deceive every one his neighbour, and will not speak the truth: they have taught their tongue to speak lies, and weary themselves to commit iniquity.	
Job 10:10	Hast thou not poured me out as milk, and curdled me like cheese?	
Job 10:20	Are not my days few? cease then, and let me alone, that I may take comfort a little,	
Job 10:4	Hast thou eyes of flesh? or seest thou as man seeth?	
Job 11:10	If he cut off, and shut up, or gather together, then who can hinder him?	
Job 11:12	For vain men would be wise, though man be born like a wild ass's colt.	
Job 11:13	If thou prepare thine heart, and stretch out thine hands toward him;	
Job 11:3	Should thy lies make men hold their peace? and when thou mockest, shall no man make thee ashamed?	
Job 11:6	And that he would shew thee the secrets of wisdom, that they are double to that which is! Know therefore that God exacteth of thee less than thine iniquity deserveth.	
Job 12:13	With him is wisdom and strength, he hath counsel and understanding.	
Job 12:16	With him is strength and wisdom: the deceived and the deceiver are his.	
Job 12:22	He discovereth deep things out of darkness, and bringeth out to light the shadow of death.	
Job 12:5	He that is ready to slip with his feet is as a lamp despised in the thought of him that is at ease.	
Job 12:8	Or speak to the earth, and it shall teach thee: and the fishes of the sea shall declare unto thee.	
Job 12:9	Who knoweth not in all these that the hand of the LORD hath wrought this?	
Job 13:1	Lo, mine eye hath seen all this, mine ear hath heard and understood it.	
Job 13:11	Shall not his excellency make you afraid? and his dread fall upon you?	
Job 13:14	Wherefore do I take my flesh in my teeth, and put my life in mine hand?	
Job 13:15	Though he slay me, yet will I trust in him: but I will maintain mine own ways before him.	
Job 13:17	Hear diligently my speech, and my declaration with your ears.	
Job 13:20	Only do not two things unto me: then will I not hide myself from thee.	
Job 13:22	Then call thou, and I will answer: or let me speak, and answer thou me.	
Job 13:25	Wilt thou break a leaf driven to and fro? and wilt thou pursue the dry stubble?	
Job 14:1	Man that is born of a woman is of few days and full of trouble.	
Job 14:15	Thou shalt call, and I will answer thee: thou wilt have a desire to the work of thine hands.	
Job 14:18	And surely the mountains falling cometh to nought, and the rock is removed out of his place.	
Job 14:22	But his flesh upon him shall have pain, and his soul within him shall mourn.	
Job 15:10	With us are both the grayheaded and very aged men, much elder than thy father.	
Job 15:14	What is man, that he should be clean? and he which is born of a woman, that he should be righteous?	
Job 15:15	Behold, he putteth no trust in his saints; yea, the heavens are not clean in his sight.	
Job 15:17	I will shew thee, hear me; and that which I have seen I will declare;	
Job 15:18	Which wise men have told from their fathers, and have not hid it:	
Job 15:22	He believeth not that he shall return out of darkness, and he is waited for of the sword.	
Job 15:25	For he stretcheth out his hand against God, and strengtheneth himself against the Almighty.	
Job 15:28	And he dwelleth in desolate cities, and in houses which no man inhabiteth, which are ready to become heaps.	
Job 15:3	Should he reason with unprofitable talk? or with speeches wherewith he can do no good?	
Job 15:31	Let not him that is deceived trust in vanity: for vanity shall be his recompence.	
Job 15:5	For thy mouth uttereth thine iniquity, and thou choosest the tongue of the crafty.	
Job 15:8	Hast thou heard the secret of God? and dost thou restrain wisdom to thyself?	
Job 15:9	What knowest thou, that we know not? what understandest thou, which is not in us?	
Job 16:12	I was at ease, but he hath broken me asunder: he hath also taken me by my neck, and shaken me to pieces, and set me up for his mark.	
Job 16:15	I have sewed sackcloth upon my skin, and defiled my horn in the dust.	
Job 16:19	Also now, behold, my witness is in heaven, and my record is on high.	
Job 16:20	My friends scorn me: but mine eye poureth out tears unto God.	
Job 16:21	O that one might plead for a man with God, as a man pleadeth for his neighbour!	
Job 16:7	But now he hath made me weary: thou hast made desolate all my company.	
Job 16:9	He teareth me in his wrath, who hateth me: he gnasheth upon me with his teeth; mine enemy sharpeneth his eyes upon me.	
Job 17:16	They shall go down to the bars of the pit, when our rest together is in the dust.	
Job 17:2	Are there not mockers with me? and doth not mine eye continue in their provocation?	
Job 17:3	Lay down now, put me in a surety with thee; who is he that will strike hands with me?	
Job 17:7	Mine eye also is dim by reason of sorrow, and all my members are as a shadow.	
Job 17:8	Upright men shall be astonied at this, and the innocent shall stir up himself against the hypocrite.	
Job 18:13	It shall devour the strength of his skin: even the firstborn of death shall devour his strength.	
Job 18:15	It shall dwell in his tabernacle, because it is none of his: brimstone shall be scattered upon his habitation.	
Job 18:16	His roots shall be dried up beneath, and above shall his branch be cut off.	
Job 18:18	He shall be driven from light into darkness, and chased out of the world.	
Job 18:20	They that come after him shall be astonied at his day, as they that went before were affrighted.	
Job 18:21	Surely such are the dwellings of the wicked, and this is the place of him that knoweth not God.	
Job 18:9	The gin shall take him by the heel, and the robber shall prevail against him.	
Job 19:10	He hath destroyed me on every side, and I am gone: and mine hope hath he removed like a tree.	
Job 19:11	He hath also kindled his wrath against me, and he counteth me unto him as one of his enemies.	
Job 19:18	Yea, young children despised me; I arose, and they spake against me.	
Job 19:19	All my inward friends abhorred me: and they whom I loved are turned against me.	
Job 19:2	How long will ye vex my soul, and break me in pieces with words?	
Job 19:20	My bone cleaveth to my skin and to my flesh, and I am escaped with the skin of my teeth.	
Job 19:25	For I know that my redeemer liveth, and that he shall stand at the latter day upon the earth:	
Job 19:26	And though after my skin worms destroy this body, yet in my flesh shall I see God:	
Job 19:28	But ye should say, Why persecute we him, seeing the root of the matter is found in me?	
Job 19:29	Be ye afraid of the sword: for wrath bringeth the punishments of the sword, that ye may know there is a judgment.	
Job 19:8	He hath fenced up my way that I cannot pass, and he hath set darkness in my paths.	
Job 19:9	He hath stripped me of my glory, and taken the crown from my head.	
Job 1:13	And there was a day when his sons and his daughters were eating and drinking wine in their eldest brother's house:	
Job 1:20	Then Job arose, and rent his mantle, and shaved his head, and fell down upon the ground, and worshipped,	
Job 1:5	And it was so, when the days of their feasting were gone about, that Job sent and sanctified them, and rose up early in the morning, and offered burnt offerings according to the number of them all: for Job said, It may be that my sons have sinned, and cursed God in their hearts. Thus did Job continually.	
Job 20:1	Then answered Zophar the Naamathite, and said,	
Job 20:13	Though he spare it, and forsake it not; but keep it still within his mouth:	
Job 20:15	He hath swallowed down riches, and he shall vomit them up again: God shall cast them out of his belly.	
Job 20:18	That which he laboured for shall he restore, and shall not swallow it down: according to his substance shall the restitution be, and he shall not rejoice therein.	
Job 20:28	The increase of his house shall depart, and his goods shall flow away in the day of his wrath.	
Job 20:3	I have heard the check of my reproach, and the spirit of my understanding causeth me to answer.	
Job 21:13	They spend their days in wealth, and in a moment go down to the grave.	
Job 21:17	How oft is the candle of the wicked put out! and how oft cometh their destruction upon them! God distributeth sorrows in his anger.	
Job 21:26	They shall lie down alike in the dust, and the worms shall cover them.	
Job 21:31	Who shall declare his way to his face? and who shall repay him what he hath done?	
Job 21:33	The clods of the valley shall be sweet unto him, and every man shall draw after him, as there are innumerable before him.	
Job 21:7	Wherefore do the wicked live, become old, yea, are mighty in power?	
Job 22:1	Then Eliphaz the Temanite answered and said,	
Job 22:15	Hast thou marked the old way which wicked men have trodden?	
Job 22:17	Which said unto God, Depart from us: and what can the Almighty do for them?	
Job 22:22	Receive, I pray thee, the law from his mouth, and lay up his words in thine heart.	
Job 22:23	If thou return to the Almighty, thou shalt be built up, thou shalt put away iniquity far from thy tabernacles.	
Job 22:24	Then shalt thou lay up gold as dust, and the gold of Ophir as the stones of the brooks.	
Job 22:26	For then shalt thou have thy delight in the Almighty, and shalt lift up thy face unto God.	
Job 22:27	Thou shalt make thy prayer unto him, and he shall hear thee, and thou shalt pay thy vows.	
Job 22:3	Is it any pleasure to the Almighty, that thou art righteous? or is it gain to him, that thou makest thy ways perfect?	
Job 22:7	Thou hast not given water to the weary to drink, and thou hast withholden bread from the hungry.	
Job 22:9	Thou hast sent widows away empty, and the arms of the fatherless have been broken.	
Job 23:12	Neither have I gone back from the commandment of his lips; I have esteemed the words of his mouth more than my necessary food.	
Job 23:15	Therefore am I troubled at his presence: when I consider, I am afraid of him.	
Job 23:17	Because I was not cut off before the darkness, neither hath he covered the darkness from my face.	
Job 23:4	I would order my cause before him, and fill my mouth with arguments.	
Job 23:7	There the righteous might dispute with him; so should I be delivered for ever from my judge.	
Job 24:1	Why, seeing times are not hidden from the Almighty, do they that know him not see his days?	
Job 24:11	Which make oil within their walls, and tread their winepresses, and suffer thirst.	
Job 24:12	Men groan from out of the city, and the soul of the wounded crieth out: yet God layeth not folly to them.	
Job 24:15	The eye also of the adulterer waiteth for the twilight, saying, No eye shall see me: and disguiseth his face.	
Job 24:19	Drought and heat consume the snow waters: so doth the grave those which have sinned.	
Job 24:22	He draweth also the mighty with his power: he riseth up, and no man is sure of life.	
Job 24:8	They are wet with the showers of the mountains, and embrace the rock for want of a shelter.	
Job 24:9	They pluck the fatherless from the breast, and take a pledge of the poor.	
Job 25:4	How then can man be justified with God? or how can he be clean that is born of a woman?	
Job 25:5	Behold even to the moon, and it shineth not; yea, the stars are not pure in his sight.	
Job 25:6	How much less man, that is a worm? and the son of man, which is a worm?	
Job 26:11	The pillars of heaven tremble and are astonished at his reproof.	
Job 26:14	Lo, these are parts of his ways: but how little a portion is heard of him? but the thunder of his power who can understand?	
Job 26:3	How hast thou counselled him that hath no wisdom? and how hast thou plentifully declared the thing as it is?	
Job 26:4	To whom hast thou uttered words? and whose spirit came from thee?	
Job 26:5	Dead things are formed from under the waters, and the inhabitants thereof.	
Job 27:1	Moreover Job continued his parable, and said,	
Job 27:12	Behold, all ye yourselves have seen it; why then are ye thus altogether vain?	
Job 27:16	Though he heap up silver as the dust, and prepare raiment as the clay;	
Job 27:2	As God liveth, who hath taken away my judgment; and the Almighty, who hath vexed my soul;	
Job 27:8	For what is the hope of the hypocrite, though he hath gained, when God taketh away his soul?	
Job 28:10	He cutteth out rivers among the rocks; and his eye seeth every precious thing.	
Job 28:12	But where shall wisdom be found? and where is the place of understanding?	
Job 28:17	The gold and the crystal cannot equal it: and the exchange of it shall not be for jewels of fine gold.	
Job 28:23	God understandeth the way thereof, and he knoweth the place thereof.	
Job 28:24	For he looketh to the ends of the earth, and seeth under the whole heaven;	
Job 28:25	To make the weight for the winds; and he weigheth the waters by measure.	
Job 28:27	Then did he see it, and declare it; he prepared it, yea, and searched it out.	
Job 28:5	As for the earth, out of it cometh bread: and under it is turned up as it were fire.	
Job 28:8	The lion's whelps have not trodden it, nor the fierce lion passed by it.	
Job 29:12	Because I delivered the poor that cried, and the fatherless, and him that had none to help him.	
Job 29:15	I was eyes to the blind, and feet was I to the lame.	
Job 29:16	I was a father to the poor: and the cause which I knew not I searched out.	
Job 29:19	My root was spread out by the waters, and the dew lay all night upon my branch.	
Job 29:20	My glory was fresh in me, and my bow was renewed in my hand.	
Job 29:25	I chose out their way, and sat chief, and dwelt as a king in the army, as one that comforteth the mourners.	
Job 29:6	When I washed my steps with butter, and the rock poured me out rivers of oil;	
Job 29:7	When I went out to the gate through the city, when I prepared my seat in the street!	
Job 2:12	And when they lifted up their eyes afar off, and knew him not, they lifted up their voice, and wept; and they rent every one his mantle, and sprinkled dust upon their heads toward heaven.	
Job 30:12	Upon my right hand rise the youth; they push away my feet, and they raise up against me the ways of their destruction.	
Job 30:13	They mar my path, they set forward my calamity, they have no helper.	
Job 30:16	And now my soul is poured out upon me; the days of affliction have taken hold upon me.	
Job 30:17	My bones are pierced in me in the night season: and my sinews take no rest.	
Job 30:21	Thou art become cruel to me: with thy strong hand thou opposest thyself against me.	
Job 30:24	Howbeit he will not stretch out his hand to the grave, though they cry in his destruction.	
Job 30:28	I went mourning without the sun: I stood up, and I cried in the congregation.	
Job 30:5	They were driven forth from among men, (they cried after them as after a thief;)	
Job 30:7	Among the bushes they brayed; under the nettles they were gathered together.	
Job 30:9	And now am I their song, yea, I am their byword.	
Job 31:1	I made a covenant with mine eyes; why then should I think upon a maid?	
Job 31:21	If I have lifted up my hand against the fatherless, when I saw my help in the gate:	
Job 31:29	If I rejoice at the destruction of him that hated me, or lifted up myself when evil found him:	
Job 31:3	Is not destruction to the wicked? and a strange punishment to the workers of iniquity?	
Job 31:35	Oh that one would hear me! behold, my desire is, that the Almighty would answer me, and that mine adversary had written a book.	
Job 31:39	If I have eaten the fruits thereof without money, or have caused the owners thereof to lose their life:	
Job 31:6	Let me be weighed in an even balance that God may know mine integrity.	
Job 31:7	If my step hath turned out of the way, and mine heart walked after mine eyes, and if any blot hath cleaved to mine hands;	
Job 32:10	Therefore I said, Hearken to me; I also will shew mine opinion.	
Job 32:14	Now he hath not directed his words against me: neither will I answer him with your speeches.	
Job 32:16	When I had waited, (for they spake not, but stood still, and answered no more;)	
Job 32:17	I said, I will answer also my part, I also will shew mine opinion.	
Job 32:19	Behold, my belly is as wine which hath no vent; it is ready to burst like new bottles.	
Job 32:20	I will speak, that I may be refreshed: I will open my lips and answer.	
Job 32:7	I said, Days should speak, and multitude of years should teach wisdom.	
Job 33:1	Wherefore, Job, I pray thee, hear my speeches, and hearken to all my words.	
Job 33:13	Why dost thou strive against him? for he giveth not account of any of his matters.	
Job 33:14	For God speaketh once, yea twice, yet man perceiveth it not.	
Job 33:17	That he may withdraw man from his purpose, and hide pride from man.	
Job 33:2	Behold, now I have opened my mouth, my tongue hath spoken in my mouth.	
Job 33:22	Yea, his soul draweth near unto the grave, and his life to the destroyers.	
Job 33:26	He shall pray unto God, and he will be favourable unto him: and he shall see his face with joy: for he will render unto man his righteousness.	
Job 33:28	He will deliver his soul from going into the pit, and his life shall see the light.	
Job 33:4	The spirit of God hath made me, and the breath of the Almighty hath given me life.	
Job 34:12	Yea, surely God will not do wickedly, neither will the Almighty pervert judgment.	
Job 34:13	Who hath given him a charge over the earth? or who hath disposed the whole world?	
Job 34:14	If he set his heart upon man, if he gather unto himself his spirit and his breath;	
Job 34:19	How much less to him that accepteth not the persons of princes, nor regardeth the rich more than the poor? for they all are the work of his hands.	
Job 34:20	In a moment shall they die, and the people shall be troubled at midnight, and pass away: and the mighty shall be taken away without hand.	
Job 34:21	For his eyes are upon the ways of man, and he seeth all his goings.	
Job 34:24	He shall break in pieces mighty men without number, and set others in their stead.	
Job 34:32	That which I see not teach thou me: if I have done iniquity, I will do no more.	
Job 34:34	Let men of understanding tell me, and let a wise man hearken unto me.	
Job 34:36	My desire is that Job may be tried unto the end because of his answers for wicked men.	
Job 34:9	For he hath said, It profiteth a man nothing that he should delight himself with God.	
Job 35:4	I will answer thee, and thy companions with thee.	
Job 35:6	If thou sinnest, what doest thou against him? or if thy transgressions be multiplied, what doest thou unto him?	
Job 35:7	If thou be righteous, what givest thou him? or what receiveth he of thine hand?	
Job 35:8	Thy wickedness may hurt a man as thou art; and thy righteousness may profit the son of man.	
Job 36:11	If they obey and serve him, they shall spend their days in prosperity, and their years in pleasures.	
Job 36:17	But thou hast fulfilled the judgment of the wicked: judgment and justice take hold on thee.	
Job 36:19	Will he esteem thy riches? no, not gold, nor all the forces of strength.	
Job 36:24	Remember that thou magnify his work, which men behold.	
Job 37:16	Dost thou know the balancings of the clouds, the wondrous works of him which is perfect in knowledge?	
Job 37:19	Teach us what we shall say unto him; for we cannot order our speech by reason of darkness.	
Job 37:21	And now men see not the bright light which is in the clouds: but the wind passeth, and cleanseth them.	
Job 37:3	He directeth it under the whole heaven, and his lightning unto the ends of the earth.	
Job 37:4	After it a voice roareth: he thundereth with the voice of his excellency; and he will not stay them when his voice is heard.	
Job 37:5	God thundereth marvellously with his voice; great things doeth he, which we cannot comprehend.	
Job 37:8	Then the beasts go into dens, and remain in their places.	
Job 38:13	That it might take hold of the ends of the earth, that the wicked might be shaken out of it?	
Job 38:15	And from the wicked their light is withholden, and the high arm shall be broken.	
Job 38:19	Where is the way where light dwelleth? and as for darkness, where is the place thereof,	
Job 38:2	Who is this that darkeneth counsel by words without knowledge?	
Job 38:21	Knowest thou it, because thou wast then born? or because the number of thy days is great?	
Job 38:22	Hast thou entered into the treasures of the snow? or hast thou seen the treasures of the hail,	
Job 38:34	Canst thou lift up thy voice to the clouds, that abundance of waters may cover thee?	
Job 38:35	Canst thou send lightnings, that they may go and say unto thee, Here we are?	
Job 38:37	Who can number the clouds in wisdom? or who can stay the bottles of heaven,	
Job 38:39	Wilt thou hunt the prey for the lion? or fill the appetite of the young lions,	
Job 38:5	Who hath laid the measures thereof, if thou knowest? or who hath stretched the line upon it?	
Job 38:7	When the morning stars sang together, and all the sons of God shouted for joy?	
Job 38:9	When I made the cloud the garment thereof, and thick darkness a swaddlingband for it,	
Job 39:10	Canst thou bind the unicorn with his band in the furrow? or will he harrow the valleys after thee?	
Job 39:12	Wilt thou believe him, that he will bring home thy seed, and gather it into thy barn?	
Job 39:13	Gavest thou the goodly wings unto the peacocks? or wings and feathers unto the ostrich?	
Job 39:14	Which leaveth her eggs in the earth, and warmeth them in dust,	
Job 39:17	Because God hath deprived her of wisdom, neither hath he imparted to her understanding.	
Job 39:18	What time she lifteth up herself on high, she scorneth the horse and his rider.	
Job 39:19	Hast thou given the horse strength? hast thou clothed his neck with thunder?	
Job 39:20	Canst thou make him afraid as a grasshopper? the glory of his nostrils is terrible.	
Job 39:25	He saith among the trumpets, Ha, ha; and he smelleth the battle afar off, the thunder of the captains, and the shouting.	
Job 39:27	Doth the eagle mount up at thy command, and make her nest on high?	
Job 39:5	Who hath sent out the wild ass free? or who hath loosed the bands of the wild ass?	
Job 39:7	He scorneth the multitude of the city, neither regardeth he the crying of the driver.	
Job 39:9	Will the unicorn be willing to serve thee, or abide by thy crib?	
Job 3:14	With kings and counsellors of the earth, which build desolate places for themselves;	
Job 3:18	There the prisoners rest together; they hear not the voice of the oppressor.	
Job 3:20	Wherefore is light given to him that is in misery, and life unto the bitter in soul;	
Job 3:24	For my sighing cometh before I eat, and my roarings are poured out like the waters.	
Job 3:3	Let the day perish wherein I was born, and the night in which it was said, There is a man child conceived.	
Job 40:1	Moreover the LORD answered Job, and said,	
Job 40:15	Behold now behemoth, which I made with thee; he eateth grass as an ox.	
Job 40:18	His bones are as strong pieces of brass; his bones are like bars of iron.	
Job 40:3	Then Job answered the LORD, and said,	
Job 40:7	Gird up thy loins now like a man: I will demand of thee, and declare thou unto me.	
Job 41:13	Who can discover the face of his garment? or who can come to him with his double bridle?	
Job 41:16	One is so near to another, that no air can come between them.	
Job 41:2	Canst thou put an hook into his nose? or bore his jaw through with a thorn?	
Job 41:24	His heart is as firm as a stone; yea, as hard as a piece of the nether millstone.	
Job 41:28	The arrow cannot make him flee: slingstones are turned with him into stubble.	
Job 41:29	Darts are counted as stubble: he laugheth at the shaking of a spear.	
Job 41:3	Will he make many supplications unto thee? will he speak soft words unto thee?	
Job 41:31	He maketh the deep to boil like a pot: he maketh the sea like a pot of ointment.	
Job 41:4	Will he make a covenant with thee? wilt thou take him for a servant for ever?	
Job 41:6	Shall the companions make a banquet of him? shall they part him among the merchants?	
Job 42:1	Then Job answered the LORD, and said,	
Job 42:12	So the LORD blessed the latter end of Job more than his beginning: for he had fourteen thousand sheep, and six thousand camels, and a thousand yoke of oxen, and a thousand she asses.	
Job 42:14	And he called the name of the first, Jemima; and the name of the second, Kezia; and the name of the third, Kerenhappuch.	
Job 42:4	Hear, I beseech thee, and I will speak: I will demand of thee, and declare thou unto me.	
Job 42:7	And it was so, that after the LORD had spoken these words unto Job, the LORD said to Eliphaz the Temanite, My wrath is kindled against thee, and against thy two friends: for ye have not spoken of me the thing that is right, as my servant Job hath.	
Job 4:1	Then Eliphaz the Temanite answered and said,	
Job 4:10	The roaring of the lion, and the voice of the fierce lion, and the teeth of the young lions, are broken.	
Job 4:15	Then a spirit passed before my face; the hair of my flesh stood up:	
Job 4:17	Shall mortal man be more just than God? shall a man be more pure than his maker?	
Job 4:18	Behold, he put no trust in his servants; and his angels he charged with folly:	
Job 4:2	If we assay to commune with thee, wilt thou be grieved? but who can withhold himself from speaking?	
Job 4:3	Behold, thou hast instructed many, and thou hast strengthened the weak hands.	
Job 4:4	Thy words have upholden him that was falling, and thou hast strengthened the feeble knees.	
Job 4:8	Even as I have seen, they that plow iniquity, and sow wickedness, reap the same.	
Job 5:18	For he maketh sore, and bindeth up: he woundeth, and his hands make whole.	
Job 5:20	In famine he shall redeem thee from death: and in war from the power of the sword.	
Job 5:21	Thou shalt be hid from the scourge of the tongue: neither shalt thou be afraid of destruction when it cometh.	
Job 5:26	Thou shalt come to thy grave in a full age, like as a shock of corn cometh in in his season.	
Job 5:4	His children are far from safety, and they are crushed in the gate, neither is there any to deliver them.	
Job 5:8	I would seek unto God, and unto God would I commit my cause:	
Job 6:1	But Job answered and said,	
Job 6:12	Is my strength the strength of stones? or is my flesh of brass?	
Job 6:22	Did I say, Bring unto me? or, Give a reward for me of your substance?	
Job 6:27	Yea, ye overwhelm the fatherless, and ye dig a pit for your friend.	
Job 6:29	Return, I pray you, let it not be iniquity; yea, return again, my righteousness is in it.	
Job 6:5	Doth the wild ass bray when he hath grass? or loweth the ox over his fodder?	
Job 6:6	Can that which is unsavoury be eaten without salt? or is there any taste in the white of an egg?	
Job 7:10	He shall return no more to his house, neither shall his place know him any more.	
Job 7:14	Then thou scarest me with dreams, and terrifiest me through visions:	
Job 7:19	How long wilt thou not depart from me, nor let me alone till I swallow down my spittle?	
Job 7:2	As a servant earnestly desireth the shadow, and as an hireling looketh for the reward of his work:	
Job 7:21	And why dost thou not pardon my transgression, and take away my iniquity? for now shall I sleep in the dust; and thou shalt seek me in the morning, but I shall not be.	
Job 7:4	When I lie down, I say, When shall I arise, and the night be gone? and I am full of tossings to and fro unto the dawning of the day.	
Job 8:13	So are the paths of all that forget God; and the hypocrite's hope shall perish:	
Job 8:18	If he destroy him from his place, then it shall deny him, saying, I have not seen thee.	
Job 8:19	Behold, this is the joy of his way, and out of the earth shall others grow.	
Job 8:2	How long wilt thou speak these things? and how long shall the words of thy mouth be like a strong wind?	
Job 8:9	(For we are but of yesterday, and know nothing, because our days upon earth are a shadow:)	
Job 9:11	Lo, he goeth by me, and I see him not: he passeth on also, but I perceive him not.	
Job 9:12	Behold, he taketh away, who can hinder him? who will say unto him, What doest thou?	
Job 9:13	If God will not withdraw his anger, the proud helpers do stoop under him.	
Job 9:20	If I justify myself, mine own mouth shall condemn me: if I say, I am perfect, it shall also prove me perverse.	
Job 9:24	The earth is given into the hand of the wicked: he covereth the faces of the judges thereof; if not, where, and who is he?	
Job 9:27	If I say, I will forget my complaint, I will leave off my heaviness, and comfort myself:	
Job 9:30	If I wash myself with snow water, and make my hands never so clean;	
Job 9:35	Then would I speak, and not fear him; but it is not so with me.	
Job 9:4	He is wise in heart, and mighty in strength: who hath hardened himself against him, and hath prospered?	
Job 9:8	Which alone spreadeth out the heavens, and treadeth upon the waves of the sea.	
Joel 1:1	The word of the LORD that came to Joel the son of Pethuel.	
Joel 1:14	Sanctify ye a fast, call a solemn assembly, gather the elders and all the inhabitants of the land into the house of the LORD your God, and cry unto the LORD,	
Joel 1:2	Hear this, ye old men, and give ear, all ye inhabitants of the land. Hath this been in your days, or even in the days of your fathers?	
Joel 1:5	Awake, ye drunkards, and weep; and howl, all ye drinkers of wine, because of the new wine; for it is cut off from your mouth.	
Joel 1:6	For a nation is come up upon my land, strong, and without number, whose teeth are the teeth of a lion, and he hath the cheek teeth of a great lion.	
Joel 2:10	The earth shall quake before them; the heavens shall tremble: the sun and the moon shall be dark, and the stars shall withdraw their shining:	
Joel 2:14	Who knoweth if he will return and repent, and leave a blessing behind him; even a meat offering and a drink offering unto the LORD your God?	
Joel 2:19	Yea, the LORD will answer and say unto his people, Behold, I will send you corn, and wine, and oil, and ye shall be satisfied therewith: and I will no more make you a reproach among the heathen:	
Joel 2:23	Be glad then, ye children of Zion, and rejoice in the LORD your God: for he hath given you the former rain moderately, and he will cause to come down for you the rain, the former rain, and the latter rain in the first month.	
Joel 2:24	And the floors shall be full of wheat, and the vats shall overflow with wine and oil.	
Joel 2:27	And ye shall know that I am in the midst of Israel, and that I am the LORD your God, and none else: and my people shall never be ashamed.	
Joel 2:28	And it shall come to pass afterward, that I will pour out my spirit upon all flesh; and your sons and your daughters shall prophesy, your old men shall dream dreams, your young men shall see visions:	
Joel 2:7	They shall run like mighty men; they shall climb the wall like men of war; and they shall march every one on his ways, and they shall not break their ranks:	
Joel 3:15	The sun and the moon shall be darkened, and the stars shall withdraw their shining.	
Joel 3:18	And it shall come to pass in that day, that the mountains shall drop down new wine, and the hills shall flow with milk, and all the rivers of Judah shall flow with waters, and a fountain shall come forth out of the house of the LORD, and shall water the valley of Shittim.	
Joel 3:4	Yea, and what have ye to do with me, O Tyre, and Zidon, and all the coasts of Palestine? will ye render me a recompence? and if ye recompense me, swiftly and speedily will I return your recompence upon your own head;	
Joel 3:6	The children also of Judah and the children of Jerusalem have ye sold unto the Grecians, that ye might remove them far from their border.	
John 10:10	The thief cometh not, but for to steal, and to kill, and to destroy: I am come that they might have life, and that they might have it more abundantly.	
John 10:13	The hireling fleeth, because he is an hireling, and careth not for the sheep.	
John 10:19	There was a division therefore again among the Jews for these sayings.	
John 10:27	My sheep hear my voice, and I know them, and they follow me:	
John 10:28	And I give unto them eternal life; and they shall never perish, neither shall any man pluck them out of my hand.	
John 10:30	I and my Father are one.	
John 10:36	Say ye of him, whom the Father hath sanctified, and sent into the world, Thou blasphemest; because I said, I am the Son of God?	
John 10:37	If I do not the works of my Father, believe me not.	
John 10:39	Therefore they sought again to take him: but he escaped out of their hand,	
John 11:1	Now a certain man was sick, named Lazarus, of Bethany, the town of Mary and her sister Martha.	
John 11:10	But if a man walk in the night, he stumbleth, because there is no light in him.	
John 11:14	Then said Jesus unto them plainly, Lazarus is dead.	
John 11:18	Now Bethany was nigh unto Jerusalem, about fifteen furlongs off:	
John 11:21	Then said Martha unto Jesus, Lord, if thou hadst been here, my brother had not died.	
John 11:22	But I know, that even now, whatsoever thou wilt ask of God, God will give it thee.	
John 11:31	The Jews then which were with her in the house, and comforted her, when they saw Mary, that she rose up hastily and went out, followed her, saying, She goeth unto the grave to weep there.	
John 11:35	Jesus wept.	
John 11:38	Jesus therefore again groaning in himself cometh to the grave. It was a cave, and a stone lay upon it.	
John 11:39	Jesus said, Take ye away the stone. Martha, the sister of him that was dead, saith unto him, Lord, by this time he stinketh: for he hath been dead four days.	
John 11:40	Jesus saith unto her, Said I not unto thee, that, if thou wouldest believe, thou shouldest see the glory of God?	
John 11:41	Then they took away the stone from the place where the dead was laid. And Jesus lifted up his eyes, and said, Father, I thank thee that thou hast heard me.	
John 11:46	But some of them went their ways to the Pharisees, and told them what things Jesus had done.	
John 11:52	And not for that nation only, but that also he should gather together in one the children of God that were scattered abroad.	
John 11:6	When he had heard therefore that he was sick, he abode two days still in the same place where he was.	
John 11:9	Jesus answered, Are there not twelve hours in the day? If any man walk in the day, he stumbleth not, because he seeth the light of this world.	
John 12:11	Because that by reason of him many of the Jews went away, and believed on Jesus.	
John 12:12	On the next day much people that were come to the feast, when they heard that Jesus was coming to Jerusalem,	
John 12:17	The people therefore that was with him when he called Lazarus out of his grave, and raised him from the dead, bare record.	
John 12:2	There they made him a supper; and Martha served: but Lazarus was one of them that sat at the table with him.	
John 12:23	And Jesus answered them, saying, The hour is come, that the Son of man should be glorified.	
John 12:24	Verily, verily, I say unto you, Except a corn of wheat fall into the ground and die, it abideth alone: but if it die, it bringeth forth much fruit.	
John 12:27	Now is my soul troubled; and what shall I say? Father, save me from this hour: but for this cause came I unto this hour.	
John 12:31	Now is the judgment of this world: now shall the prince of this world be cast out.	
John 12:33	This he said, signifying what death he should die.	
John 12:4	Then saith one of his disciples, Judas Iscariot, Simon's son, which should betray him,	
John 12:41	These things said Esaias, when he saw his glory, and spake of him.	
John 12:44	Jesus cried and said, He that believeth on me, believeth not on me, but on him that sent me.	
John 12:45	And he that seeth me seeth him that sent me.	
John 12:9	Much people of the Jews therefore knew that he was there: and they came not for Jesus' sake only, but that they might see Lazarus also, whom he had raised from the dead.	
John 13:10	Jesus saith to him, He that is washed needeth not save to wash his feet, but is clean every whit: and ye are clean, but not all.	
John 13:14	If I then, your Lord and Master, have washed your feet; ye also ought to wash one another's feet.	
John 13:16	Verily, verily, I say unto you, The servant is not greater than his lord; neither he that is sent greater than he that sent him.	
John 13:2	And supper being ended, the devil having now put into the heart of Judas Iscariot, Simon's son, to betray him;	
John 13:20	Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that receiveth whomsoever I send receiveth me; and he that receiveth me receiveth him that sent me.	
John 13:24	Simon Peter therefore beckoned to him, that he should ask who it should be of whom he spake.	
John 13:27	And after the sop Satan entered into him. Then said Jesus unto him, That thou doest, do quickly.	
John 13:28	Now no man at the table knew for what intent he spake this unto him.	
John 13:33	Little children, yet a little while I am with you. Ye shall seek me: and as I said unto the Jews, Whither I go, ye cannot come; so now I say to you.	
John 14:1	Let not your heart be troubled: ye believe in God, believe also in me.	
John 14:16	And I will pray the Father, and he shall give you another Comforter, that he may abide with you for ever;	
John 14:2	In my Father's house are many mansions: if it were not so, I would have told you. I go to prepare a place for you.	
John 14:23	Jesus answered and said unto him, If a man love me, he will keep my words: and my Father will love him, and we will come unto him, and make our abode with him.	
John 14:27	Peace I leave with you, my peace I give unto you: not as the world giveth, give I unto you. Let not your heart be troubled, neither let it be afraid.	
John 14:3	And if I go and prepare a place for you, I will come again, and receive you unto myself; that where I am, there ye may be also.	
John 14:30	Hereafter I will not talk much with you: for the prince of this world cometh, and hath nothing in me.	
John 14:7	If ye had known me, ye should have known my Father also: and from henceforth ye know him, and have seen him.	
John 14:8	Philip saith unto him, Lord, shew us the Father, and it sufficeth us.	
John 14:9	Jesus saith unto him, Have I been so long time with you, and yet hast thou not known me, Philip? he that hath seen me hath seen the Father; and how sayest thou then, Shew us the Father?	
John 15:1	I am the true vine, and my Father is the husbandman.	
John 15:10	If ye keep my commandments, ye shall abide in my love; even as I have kept my Father's commandments, and abide in his love.	
John 15:12	This is my commandment, That ye love one another, as I have loved you.	
John 15:18	If the world hate you, ye know that it hated me before it hated you.	
John 15:21	But all these things will they do unto you for my name's sake, because they know not him that sent me.	
John 15:26	But when the Comforter is come, whom I will send unto you from the Father, even the Spirit of truth, which proceedeth from the Father, he shall testify of me:	
John 15:5	I am the vine, ye are the branches: He that abideth in me, and I in him, the same bringeth forth much fruit: for without me ye can do nothing.	
John 15:7	If ye abide in me, and my words abide in you, ye shall ask what ye will, and it shall be done unto you.	
John 15:8	Herein is my Father glorified, that ye bear much fruit; so shall ye be my disciples.	
John 16:12	I have yet many things to say unto you, but ye cannot bear them now.	
John 16:17	Then said some of his disciples among themselves, What is this that he saith unto us, A little while, and ye shall not see me: and again, a little while, and ye shall see me: and, Because I go to the Father?	
John 16:21	A woman when she is in travail hath sorrow, because her hour is come: but as soon as she is delivered of the child, she remembereth no more the anguish, for joy that a man is born into the world.	
John 16:22	And ye now therefore have sorrow: but I will see you again, and your heart shall rejoice, and your joy no man taketh from you.	
John 16:25	These things have I spoken unto you in proverbs: but the time cometh, when I shall no more speak unto you in proverbs, but I shall shew you plainly of the Father.	
John 16:26	At that day ye shall ask in my name: and I say not unto you, that I will pray the Father for you:	
John 16:30	Now are we sure that thou knowest all things, and needest not that any man should ask thee: by this we believe that thou camest forth from God.	
John 16:4	But these things have I told you, that when the time shall come, ye may remember that I told you of them. And these things I said not unto you at the beginning, because I was with you.	
John 16:8	And when he is come, he will reprove the world of sin, and of righteousness, and of judgment:	
John 16:9	Of sin, because they believe not on me;	
John 17:1	These words spake Jesus, and lifted up his eyes to heaven, and said, Father, the hour is come; glorify thy Son, that thy Son also may glorify thee:	
John 17:11	And now I am no more in the world, but these are in the world, and I come to thee. Holy Father, keep through thine own name those whom thou hast given me, that they may be one, as we are.	
John 17:16	They are not of the world, even as I am not of the world.	
John 17:20	Neither pray I for these alone, but for them also which shall believe on me through their word;	
John 17:3	And this is life eternal, that they might know thee the only true God, and Jesus Christ, whom thou hast sent.	
John 18:12	Then the band and the captain and officers of the Jews took Jesus, and bound him,	
John 18:14	Now Caiaphas was he, which gave counsel to the Jews, that it was expedient that one man should die for the people.	
John 18:15	And Simon Peter followed Jesus, and so did another disciple: that disciple was known unto the high priest, and went in with Jesus into the palace of the high priest.	
John 18:25	And Simon Peter stood and warmed himself. They said therefore unto him, Art not thou also one of his disciples? He denied it, and said, I am not.	
John 18:26	One of the servants of the high priest, being his kinsman whose ear Peter cut off, saith, Did not I see thee in the garden with him?	
John 18:28	Then led they Jesus from Caiaphas unto the hall of judgment: and it was early; and they themselves went not into the judgment hall, lest they should be defiled; but that they might eat the passover.	
John 18:29	Pilate then went out unto them, and said, What accusation bring ye against this man?	
John 18:37	Pilate therefore said unto him, Art thou a king then? Jesus answered, Thou sayest that I am a king. To this end was I born, and for this cause came I into the world, that I should bear witness unto the truth. Every one that is of the truth heareth my voice.	
John 18:7	Then asked he them again, Whom seek ye? And they said, Jesus of Nazareth.	
John 19:10	Then saith Pilate unto him, Speakest thou not unto me? knowest thou not that I have power to crucify thee, and have power to release thee?	
John 19:20	This title then read many of the Jews: for the place where Jesus was crucified was nigh to the city: and it was written in Hebrew, and Greek, and Latin.	
John 19:31	The Jews therefore, because it was the preparation, that the bodies should not remain upon the cross on the sabbath day, (for that sabbath day was an high day,) besought Pilate that their legs might be broken, and that they might be taken away.	
John 19:33	But when they came to Jesus, and saw that he was dead already, they brake not his legs:	
John 19:34	But one of the soldiers with a spear pierced his side, and forthwith came there out blood and water.	
John 19:38	And after this Joseph of Arimathaea, being a disciple of Jesus, but secretly for fear of the Jews, besought Pilate that he might take away the body of Jesus: and Pilate gave him leave. He came therefore, and took the body of Jesus.	
John 19:41	Now in the place where he was crucified there was a garden; and in the garden a new sepulchre, wherein was never man yet laid.	
John 19:42	There laid they Jesus therefore because of the Jews' preparation day; for the sepulchre was nigh at hand.	
John 19:5	Then came Jesus forth, wearing the crown of thorns, and the purple robe. And Pilate saith unto them, Behold the man!	
John 1:14	And the Word was made flesh, and dwelt among us, (and we beheld his glory, the glory as of the only begotten of the Father,) full of grace and truth.	
John 1:16	And of his fulness have all we received, and grace for grace.	
John 1:17	For the law was given by Moses, but grace and truth came by Jesus Christ.	
John 1:2	The same was in the beginning with God.	
John 1:20	And he confessed, and denied not; but confessed, I am not the Christ.	
John 1:26	John answered them, saying, I baptize with water: but there standeth one among you, whom ye know not;	
John 1:32	And John bare record, saying, I saw the Spirit descending from heaven like a dove, and it abode upon him.	
John 1:34	And I saw, and bare record that this is the Son of God.	
John 1:35	Again the next day after John stood, and two of his disciples;	
John 1:39	He saith unto them, Come and see. They came and saw where he dwelt, and abode with him that day: for it was about the tenth hour.	
John 1:40	One of the two which heard John speak, and followed him, was Andrew, Simon Peter's brother.	
John 1:47	Jesus saw Nathanael coming to him, and saith of him, Behold an Israelite indeed, in whom is no guile!	
John 1:6	There was a man sent from God, whose name was John.	
John 1:9	That was the true Light, which lighteth every man that cometh into the world.	
John 20:12	And seeth two angels in white sitting, the one at the head, and the other at the feet, where the body of Jesus had lain.	
John 20:14	And when she had thus said, she turned herself back, and saw Jesus standing, and knew not that it was Jesus.	
John 20:17	Jesus saith unto her, Touch me not; for I am not yet ascended to my Father: but go to my brethren, and say unto them, I ascend unto my Father, and your Father; and to my God, and your God.	
John 20:19	Then the same day at evening, being the first day of the week, when the doors were shut where the disciples were assembled for fear of the Jews, came Jesus and stood in the midst, and saith unto them, Peace be unto you.	
John 20:2	Then she runneth, and cometh to Simon Peter, and to the other disciple, whom Jesus loved, and saith unto them, They have taken away the LORD out of the sepulchre, and we know not where they have laid him.	
John 20:22	And when he had said this, he breathed on them, and saith unto them, Receive ye the Holy Ghost:	
John 20:24	But Thomas, one of the twelve, called Didymus, was not with them when Jesus came.	
John 20:6	Then cometh Simon Peter following him, and went into the sepulchre, and seeth the linen clothes lie,	
John 21:10	Jesus saith unto them, Bring of the fish which ye have now caught.	
John 21:13	Jesus then cometh, and taketh bread, and giveth them, and fish likewise.	
John 21:14	This is now the third time that Jesus shewed himself to his disciples, after that he was risen from the dead.	
John 21:16	He saith to him again the second time, Simon, son of Jonas, lovest thou me? He saith unto him, Yea, Lord; thou knowest that I love thee. He saith unto him, Feed my sheep.	
John 21:19	This spake he, signifying by what death he should glorify God. And when he had spoken this, he saith unto him, Follow me.	
John 21:20	Then Peter, turning about, seeth the disciple whom Jesus loved following; which also leaned on his breast at supper, and said, Lord, which is he that betrayeth thee?	
John 21:22	Jesus saith unto him, If I will that he tarry till I come, what is that to thee? follow thou me.	
John 21:25	And there are also many other things which Jesus did, the which, if they should be written every one, I suppose that even the world itself could not contain the books that should be written. Amen.	
John 2:10	And saith unto him, Every man at the beginning doth set forth good wine; and when men have well drunk, then that which is worse: but thou hast kept the good wine until now.	
John 2:16	And said unto them that sold doves, Take these things hence; make not my Father's house an house of merchandise.	
John 2:19	Jesus answered and said unto them, Destroy this temple, and in three days I will raise it up.	
John 2:23	Now when he was in Jerusalem at the passover, in the feast day, many believed in his name, when they saw the miracles which he did.	
John 2:25	And needed not that any should testify of man: for he knew what was in man.	
John 2:3	And when they wanted wine, the mother of Jesus saith unto him, They have no wine.	
John 2:4	Jesus saith unto her, Woman, what have I to do with thee? mine hour is not yet come.	
John 2:7	Jesus saith unto them, Fill the waterpots with water. And they filled them up to the brim.	
John 3:1	There was a man of the Pharisees, named Nicodemus, a ruler of the Jews:	
John 3:11	Verily, verily, I say unto thee, We speak that we do know, and testify that we have seen; and ye receive not our witness.	
John 3:15	That whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have eternal life.	
John 3:2	The same came to Jesus by night, and said unto him, Rabbi, we know that thou art a teacher come from God: for no man can do these miracles that thou doest, except God be with him.	
John 3:23	And John also was baptizing in Aenon near to Salim, because there was much water there: and they came, and were baptized.	
John 3:27	John answered and said, A man can receive nothing, except it be given him from heaven.	
John 3:28	Ye yourselves bear me witness, that I said, I am not the Christ, but that I am sent before him.	
John 3:31	He that cometh from above is above all: he that is of the earth is earthly, and speaketh of the earth: he that cometh from heaven is above all.	
John 3:36	He that believeth on the Son hath everlasting life: and he that believeth not the Son shall not see life; but the wrath of God abideth on him.	
John 3:5	Jesus answered, Verily, verily, I say unto thee, Except a man be born of water and of the Spirit, he cannot enter into the kingdom of God.	
John 3:9	Nicodemus answered and said unto him, How can these things be?	
John 4:12	Art thou greater than our father Jacob, which gave us the well, and drank thereof himself, and his children, and his cattle?	
John 4:16	Jesus saith unto her, Go, call thy husband, and come hither.	
John 4:20	Our fathers worshipped in this mountain; and ye say, that in Jerusalem is the place where men ought to worship.	
John 4:21	Jesus saith unto her, Woman, believe me, the hour cometh, when ye shall neither in this mountain, nor yet at Jerusalem, worship the Father.	
John 4:23	But the hour cometh, and now is, when the true worshippers shall worship the Father in spirit and in truth: for the Father seeketh such to worship him.	
John 4:30	Then they went out of the city, and came unto him.	
John 4:31	In the mean while his disciples prayed him, saying, Master, eat.	
John 4:38	I sent you to reap that whereon ye bestowed no labour: other men laboured, and ye are entered into their labours.	
John 4:39	And many of the Samaritans of that city believed on him for the saying of the woman, which testified, He told me all that ever I did.	
John 4:41	And many more believed because of his own word;	
John 4:46	So Jesus came again into Cana of Galilee, where he made the water wine. And there was a certain nobleman, whose son was sick at Capernaum.	
John 4:50	Jesus saith unto him, Go thy way; thy son liveth. And the man believed the word that Jesus had spoken unto him, and he went his way.	
John 4:9	Then saith the woman of Samaria unto him, How is it that thou, being a Jew, askest drink of me, which am a woman of Samaria? for the Jews have no dealings with the Samaritans.	
John 5:15	The man departed, and told the Jews that it was Jesus, which had made him whole.	
John 5:16	And therefore did the Jews persecute Jesus, and sought to slay him, because he had done these things on the sabbath day.	
John 5:19	Then answered Jesus and said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, The Son can do nothing of himself, but what he seeth the Father do: for what things soever he doeth, these also doeth the Son likewise.	
John 5:24	Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that heareth my word, and believeth on him that sent me, hath everlasting life, and shall not come into condemnation; but is passed from death unto life.	
John 5:26	For as the Father hath life in himself; so hath he given to the Son to have life in himself;	
John 5:27	And hath given him authority to execute judgment also, because he is the Son of man.	
John 5:46	For had ye believed Moses, ye would have believed me; for he wrote of me.	
John 5:47	But if ye believe not his writings, how shall ye believe my words?	
John 5:9	And immediately the man was made whole, and took up his bed, and walked: and on the same day was the sabbath.	
John 6:17	And entered into a ship, and went over the sea toward Capernaum. And it was now dark, and Jesus was not come to them.	
John 6:22	The day following, when the people which stood on the other side of the sea saw that there was none other boat there, save that one whereinto his disciples were entered, and that Jesus went not with his disciples into the boat, but that his disciples were gone away alone;	
John 6:23	(Howbeit there came other boats from Tiberias nigh unto the place where they did eat bread, after that the Lord had given thanks:)	
John 6:24	When the people therefore saw that Jesus was not there, neither his disciples, they also took shipping, and came to Capernaum, seeking for Jesus.	
John 6:25	And when they had found him on the other side of the sea, they said unto him, Rabbi, when camest thou hither?	
John 6:29	Jesus answered and said unto them, This is the work of God, that ye believe on him whom he hath sent.	
John 6:30	They said therefore unto him, What sign shewest thou then, that we may see, and believe thee? what dost thou work?	
John 6:34	Then said they unto him, Lord, evermore give us this bread.	
John 6:36	But I said unto you, That ye also have seen me, and believe not.	
John 6:38	For I came down from heaven, not to do mine own will, but the will of him that sent me.	
John 6:41	The Jews then murmured at him, because he said, I am the bread which came down from heaven.	
John 6:43	Jesus therefore answered and said unto them, Murmur not among yourselves.	
John 6:47	Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that believeth on me hath everlasting life.	
John 6:50	This is the bread which cometh down from heaven, that a man may eat thereof, and not die.	
John 6:52	The Jews therefore strove among themselves, saying, How can this man give us his flesh to eat?	
John 6:53	Then Jesus said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, Except ye eat the flesh of the Son of man, and drink his blood, ye have no life in you.	
John 6:54	Whoso eateth my flesh, and drinketh my blood, hath eternal life; and I will raise him up at the last day.	
John 6:57	As the living Father hath sent me, and I live by the Father: so he that eateth me, even he shall live by me.	
John 6:61	When Jesus knew in himself that his disciples murmured at it, he said unto them, Doth this offend you?	
John 6:66	From that time many of his disciples went back, and walked no more with him.	
John 6:71	He spake of Judas Iscariot the son of Simon: for he it was that should betray him, being one of the twelve.	
John 7:12	And there was much murmuring among the people concerning him: for some said, He is a good man: others said, Nay; but he deceiveth the people.	
John 7:18	He that speaketh of himself seeketh his own glory: but he that seeketh his glory that sent him, the same is true, and no unrighteousness is in him.	
John 7:21	Jesus answered and said unto them, I have done one work, and ye all marvel.	
John 7:23	If a man on the sabbath day receive circumcision, that the law of Moses should not be broken; are ye angry at me, because I have made a man every whit whole on the sabbath day?	
John 7:29	But I know him: for I am from him, and he hath sent me.	
John 7:30	Then they sought to take him: but no man laid hands on him, because his hour was not yet come.	
John 7:31	And many of the people believed on him, and said, When Christ cometh, will he do more miracles than these which this man hath done?	
John 7:32	The Pharisees heard that the people murmured such things concerning him; and the Pharisees and the chief priests sent officers to take him.	
John 7:36	What manner of saying is this that he said, Ye shall seek me, and shall not find me: and where I am, thither ye cannot come?	
John 7:38	He that believeth on me, as the scripture hath said, out of his belly shall flow rivers of living water.	
John 7:4	For there is no man that doeth any thing in secret, and he himself seeketh to be known openly. If thou do these things, shew thyself to the world.	
John 7:41	Others said, This is the Christ. But some said, Shall Christ come out of Galilee?	
John 7:5	For neither did his brethren believe in him.	
John 7:52	They answered and said unto him, Art thou also of Galilee? Search, and look: for out of Galilee ariseth no prophet.	
John 7:7	The world cannot hate you; but me it hateth, because I testify of it, that the works thereof are evil.	
John 8:11	She said, No man, Lord. And Jesus said unto her, Neither do I condemn thee: go, and sin no more.	
John 8:17	It is also written in your law, that the testimony of two men is true.	
John 8:2	And early in the morning he came again into the temple, and all the people came unto him; and he sat down, and taught them.	
John 8:27	They understood not that he spake to them of the Father.	
John 8:3	And the scribes and Pharisees brought unto him a woman taken in adultery; and when they had set her in the midst,	
John 8:30	As he spake these words, many believed on him.	
John 8:36	If the Son therefore shall make you free, ye shall be free indeed.	
John 8:37	I know that ye are Abraham's seed; but ye seek to kill me, because my word hath no place in you.	
John 8:4	They say unto him, Master, this woman was taken in adultery, in the very act.	
John 8:41	Ye do the deeds of your father. Then said they to him, We be not born of fornication; we have one Father, even God.	
John 8:48	Then answered the Jews, and said unto him, Say we not well that thou art a Samaritan, and hast a devil?	
John 8:5	Now Moses in the law commanded us, that such should be stoned: but what sayest thou?	
John 8:50	And I seek not mine own glory: there is one that seeketh and judgeth.	
John 8:57	Then said the Jews unto him, Thou art not yet fifty years old, and hast thou seen Abraham?	
John 8:59	Then took they up stones to cast at him: but Jesus hid himself, and went out of the temple, going through the midst of them, and so passed by.	
John 8:6	This they said, tempting him, that they might have to accuse him. But Jesus stooped down, and with his finger wrote on the ground, as though he heard them not.	
John 8:7	So when they continued asking him, he lifted up himself, and said unto them, He that is without sin among you, let him first cast a stone at her.	
John 8:9	And they which heard it, being convicted by their own conscience, went out one by one, beginning at the eldest, even unto the last: and Jesus was left alone, and the woman standing in the midst.	
John 9:10	Therefore said they unto him, How were thine eyes opened?	
John 9:14	And it was the sabbath day when Jesus made the clay, and opened his eyes.	
John 9:16	Therefore said some of the Pharisees, This man is not of God, because he keepeth not the sabbath day. Others said, How can a man that is a sinner do such miracles? And there was a division among them.	
John 9:19	And they asked them, saying, Is this your son, who ye say was born blind? how then doth he now see?	
John 9:2	And his disciples asked him, saying, Master, who did sin, this man, or his parents, that he was born blind?	
John 9:37	And Jesus said unto him, Thou hast both seen him, and it is he that talketh with thee.	
John 9:38	And he said, Lord, I believe. And he worshipped him.	
John 9:39	And Jesus said, For judgment I am come into this world, that they which see not might see; and that they which see might be made blind.	
Jonah 1:13	Nevertheless the men rowed hard to bring it to the land; but they could not: for the sea wrought, and was tempestuous against them.	
Jonah 1:16	Then the men feared the LORD exceedingly, and offered a sacrifice unto the LORD, and made vows.	
Jonah 1:17	Now the LORD had prepared a great fish to swallow up Jonah. And Jonah was in the belly of the fish three days and three nights.	
Jonah 1:2	Arise, go to Nineveh, that great city, and cry against it; for their wickedness is come up before me.	
Jonah 1:3	But Jonah rose up to flee unto Tarshish from the presence of the LORD, and went down to Joppa; and he found a ship going to Tarshish: so he paid the fare thereof, and went down into it, to go with them unto Tarshish from the presence of the LORD.	
Jonah 1:5	Then the mariners were afraid, and cried every man unto his god, and cast forth the wares that were in the ship into the sea, to lighten it of them. But Jonah was gone down into the sides of the ship; and he lay, and was fast asleep.	
Jonah 1:6	So the shipmaster came to him, and said unto him, What meanest thou, O sleeper? arise, call upon thy God, if so be that God will think upon us, that we perish not.	
Jonah 1:8	Then said they unto him, Tell us, we pray thee, for whose cause this evil is upon us; What is thine occupation? and whence comest thou? what is thy country? and of what people art thou?	
Jonah 2:3	For thou hadst cast me into the deep, in the midst of the seas; and the floods compassed me about: all thy billows and thy waves passed over me.	
Jonah 3:2	Arise, go unto Nineveh, that great city, and preach unto it the preaching that I bid thee.	
Jonah 3:7	And he caused it to be proclaimed and published through Nineveh by the decree of the king and his nobles, saying, Let neither man nor beast, herd nor flock, taste any thing: let them not feed, nor drink water:	
Joshua 10:12	Then spake Joshua to the LORD in the day when the LORD delivered up the Amorites before the children of Israel, and he said in the sight of Israel, Sun, stand thou still upon Gibeon; and thou, Moon, in the valley of Ajalon.	
Joshua 10:14	And there was no day like that before it or after it, that the LORD hearkened unto the voice of a man: for the LORD fought for Israel.	
Joshua 10:22	Then said Joshua, Open the mouth of the cave, and bring out those five kings unto me out of the cave.	
Joshua 10:23	And they did so, and brought forth those five kings unto him out of the cave, the king of Jerusalem, the king of Hebron, the king of Jarmuth, the king of Lachish, and the king of Eglon.	
Joshua 10:25	And Joshua said unto them, Fear not, nor be dismayed, be strong and of good courage: for thus shall the LORD do to all your enemies against whom ye fight.	
Joshua 10:6	And the men of Gibeon sent unto Joshua to the camp to Gilgal, saying, Slack not thy hand from thy servants; come up to us quickly, and save us, and help us: for all the kings of the Amorites that dwell in the mountains are gathered together against us.	
Joshua 10:7	So Joshua ascended from Gilgal, he, and all the people of war with him, and all the mighty men of valor.	
Joshua 11:14	And all the spoil of these cities, and the cattle, the children of Israel took for a prey unto themselves; but every man they smote with the edge of the sword, until they had destroyed them, neither left they any to breathe.	
Joshua 11:19	There was not a city that made peace with the children of Israel, save the Hivites the inhabitants of Gibeon: all other they took in battle.	
Joshua 11:2	And to the kings that were on the north of the mountains, and of the plains south of Chinneroth, and in the valley, and in the borders of Dor on the west,	
Joshua 11:20	For it was of the LORD to harden their hearts, that they should come against Israel in battle, that he might destroy them utterly, and that they might have no favor, but that he might destroy them, as the LORD commanded Moses.	
Joshua 11:23	So Joshua took the whole land, according to all that the LORD said unto Moses; and Joshua gave it for an inheritance unto Israel according to their divisions by their tribes. And the land rested from war.	
Joshua 11:3	And to the Canaanite on the east and on the west, and to the Amorite, and the Hittite, and the Perizzite, and the Jebusite in the mountains, and to the Hivite under Hermon in the land of Mizpeh.	
Joshua 11:8	And the LORD delivered them into the hand of Israel, who smote them, and chased them unto great Zidon, and unto Misrephothmaim, and unto the valley of Mizpeh eastward; and they smote them, until they left them none remaining.	
Joshua 11:9	And Joshua did unto them as the LORD bade him: he houghed their horses, and burnt their chariots with fire.	
Joshua 12:14	The king of Hormah, one; the king of Arad, one;	
Joshua 12:15	The king of Libnah, one; the king of Adullam, one;	
Joshua 12:2	Sihon king of the Amorites, who dwelt in Heshbon, and ruled from Aroer, which is upon the bank of the river Arnon, and from the middle of the river, and from half Gilead, even unto the river Jabbok, which is the border of the children of Ammon;	
Joshua 12:22	The king of Kedesh, one; the king of Jokneam of Carmel, one;	
Joshua 12:4	And the coast of Og king of Bashan, which was of the remnant of the giants, that dwelt at Ashtaroth and at Edrei,	
Joshua 12:8	In the mountains, and in the valleys, and in the plains, and in the springs, and in the wilderness, and in the south country; the Hittites, the Amorites, and the Canaanites, the Perizzites, the Hivites, and the Jebusites:	
Joshua 13:10	And all the cities of Sihon king of the Amorites, which reigned in Heshbon, unto the border of the children of Ammon;	
Joshua 13:11	And Gilead, and the border of the Geshurites and Maachathites, and all mount Hermon, and all Bashan unto Salcah;	
Joshua 13:16	And their coast was from Aroer, that is on the bank of the river Arnon, and the city that is in the midst of the river, and all the plain by Medeba;	
Joshua 13:20	And Bethpeor, and Ashdothpisgah, and Bethjeshimoth,	
Joshua 13:21	And all the cities of the plain, and all the kingdom of Sihon king of the Amorites, which reigned in Heshbon, whom Moses smote with the princes of Midian, Evi, and Rekem, and Zur, and Hur, and Reba, which were dukes of Sihon, dwelling in the country.	
Joshua 13:24	And Moses gave inheritance unto the tribe of Gad, even unto the children of Gad according to their families.	
Joshua 13:3	From Sihor, which is before Egypt, even unto the borders of Ekron northward, which is counted to the Canaanite: five lords of the Philistines; the Gazathites, and the Ashdothites, the Eshkalonites, the Gittites, and the Ekronites; also the Avites:	
Joshua 13:31	And half Gilead, and Ashtaroth, and Edrei, cities of the kingdom of Og in Bashan, were pertaining unto the children of Machir the son of Manasseh, even to the one half of the children of Machir by their families.	
Joshua 13:4	From the south, all the land of the Canaanites, and Mearah that is beside the Sidonians unto Aphek, to the borders of the Amorites:	
Joshua 13:7	Now therefore divide this land for an inheritance unto the nine tribes, and the half tribe of Manasseh,	
Joshua 13:8	With whom the Reubenites and the Gadites have received their inheritance, which Moses gave them, beyond Jordan eastward, even as Moses the servant of the LORD gave them;	
Joshua 14:10	And now, behold, the LORD hath kept me alive, as he said, these forty and five years, even since the LORD spake this word unto Moses, while the children of Israel wandered in the wilderness: and now, lo, I am this day fourscore and five years old.	
Joshua 14:11	As yet I am as strong this day as I was in the day that Moses sent me: as my strength was then, even so is my strength now, for war, both to go out, and to come in.	
Joshua 14:5	As the LORD commanded Moses, so the children of Israel did, and they divided the land.	
Joshua 15:12	And the west border was to the great sea, and the coast thereof. This is the coast of the children of Judah round about according to their families.	
Joshua 15:13	And unto Caleb the son of Jephunneh he gave a part among the children of Judah, according to the commandment of the LORD to Joshua, even the city of Arba the father of Anak, which city is Hebron.	
Joshua 15:17	And Othniel the son of Kenaz, the brother of Caleb, took it: and he gave him Achsah his daughter to wife.	
Joshua 15:24	Ziph, and Telem, and Bealoth,	
Joshua 15:31	And Ziklag, and Madmannah, and Sansannah,	
Joshua 15:35	Jarmuth, and Adullam, Socoh, and Azekah,	
Joshua 15:4	From thence it passed toward Azmon, and went out unto the river of Egypt; and the goings out of that coast were at the sea: this shall be your south coast.	
Joshua 15:41	And Gederoth, Bethdagon, and Naamah, and Makkedah; sixteen cities with their villages:	
Joshua 15:42	Libnah, and Ether, and Ashan,	
Joshua 15:46	From Ekron even unto the sea, all that lay near Ashdod, with their villages:	
Joshua 15:47	Ashdod with her towns and her villages, Gaza with her towns and her villages, unto the river of Egypt, and the great sea, and the border thereof:	
Joshua 15:48	And in the mountains, Shamir, and Jattir, and Socoh,	
Joshua 15:59	And Maarath, and Bethanoth, and Eltekon; six cities with their villages:	
Joshua 15:6	And the border went up to Bethhogla, and passed along by the north of Betharabah; and the border went up to the stone of Bohan the son of Reuben:	
Joshua 16:1	And the lot of the children of Joseph fell from Jordan by Jericho, unto the water of Jericho on the east, to the wilderness that goeth up from Jericho throughout mount Bethel,	
Joshua 16:4	So the children of Joseph, Manasseh and Ephraim, took their inheritance.	
Joshua 17:11	And Manasseh had in Issachar and in Asher Bethshean and her towns, and Ibleam and her towns, and the inhabitants of Dor and her towns, and the inhabitants of Endor and her towns, and the inhabitants of Taanach and her towns, and the inhabitants of Megiddo and her towns, even three countries.	
Joshua 17:12	Yet the children of Manasseh could not drive out the inhabitants of those cities; but the Canaanites would dwell in that land.	
Joshua 17:16	And the children of Joseph said, The hill is not enough for us: and all the Canaanites that dwell in the land of the valley have chariots of iron, both they who are of Bethshean and her towns, and they who are of the valley of Jezreel.	
Joshua 18:11	And the lot of the tribe of the children of Benjamin came up according to their families: and the coast of their lot came forth between the children of Judah and the children of Joseph.	
Joshua 18:12	And their border on the north side was from Jordan; and the border went up to the side of Jericho on the north side, and went up through the mountains westward; and the goings out thereof were at the wilderness of Bethaven.	
Joshua 18:13	And the border went over from thence toward Luz, to the side of Luz, which is Bethel, southward; and the border descended to Atarothadar, near the hill that lieth on the south side of the nether Bethhoron.	
Joshua 18:27	And Rekem, and Irpeel, and Taralah,	
Joshua 18:28	And Zelah, Eleph, and Jebusi, which is Jerusalem, Gibeath, and Kirjath; fourteen cities with their villages. This is the inheritance of the children of Benjamin according to their families.	
Joshua 18:3	And Joshua said unto the children of Israel, How long are ye slack to go to possess the land, which the LORD God of your fathers hath given you?	
Joshua 18:5	And they shall divide it into seven parts: Judah shall abide in their coast on the south, and the house of Joseph shall abide in their coasts on the north.	
Joshua 19:10	And the third lot came up for the children of Zebulun according to their families: and the border of their inheritance was unto Sarid:	
Joshua 19:11	And their border went up toward the sea, and Maralah, and reached to Dabbasheth, and reached to the river that is before Jokneam;	
Joshua 19:15	And Kattath, and Nahallal, and Shimron, and Idalah, and Bethlehem: twelve cities with their villages.	
Joshua 19:17	And the fourth lot came out to Issachar, for the children of Issachar according to their families.	
Joshua 19:25	And their border was Helkath, and Hali, and Beten, and Achshaph,	
Joshua 19:28	And Hebron, and Rehob, and Hammon, and Kanah, even unto great Zidon;	
Joshua 19:33	And their coast was from Heleph, from Allon to Zaanannim, and Adami, Nekeb, and Jabneel, unto Lakum; and the outgoings thereof were at Jordan:	
Joshua 19:34	And then the coast turneth westward to Aznothtabor, and goeth out from thence to Hukkok, and reacheth to Zebulun on the south side, and reacheth to Asher on the west side, and to Judah upon Jordan toward the sunrising.	
Joshua 19:36	And Adamah, and Ramah, and Hazor,	
Joshua 19:39	This is the inheritance of the tribe of the children of Naphtali according to their families, the cities and their villages.	
Joshua 19:4	And Eltolad, and Bethul, and Hormah,	
Joshua 19:43	And Elon, and Thimnathah, and Ekron,	
Joshua 19:45	And Jehud, and Beneberak, and Gathrimmon,	
Joshua 19:50	According to the word of the LORD they gave him the city which he asked, even Timnathserah in mount Ephraim: and he built the city, and dwelt therein.	
Joshua 19:9	Out of the portion of the children of Judah was the inheritance of the children of Simeon: for the part of the children of Judah was too much for them: therefore the children of Simeon had their inheritance within the inheritance of them.	
Joshua 1:10	Then Joshua commanded the officers of the people, saying,	
Joshua 1:16	And they answered Joshua, saying, All that thou commandest us we will do, and whithersoever thou sendest us, we will go.	
Joshua 1:17	According as we hearkened unto Moses in all things, so will we hearken unto thee: only the LORD thy God be with thee, as he was with Moses.	
Joshua 1:6	Be strong and of a good courage: for unto this people shalt thou divide for an inheritance the land, which I sware unto their fathers to give them.	
Joshua 20:1	The LORD also spake unto Joshua, saying,	
Joshua 20:5	And if the avenger of blood pursue after him, then they shall not deliver the slayer up into his hand; because he smote his neighbor unwittingly, and hated him not beforetime.	
Joshua 21:10	Which the children of Aaron, being of the families of the Kohathites, who were of the children of Levi, had: for theirs was the first lot.	
Joshua 21:16	And Ain with her suburbs, and Juttah with her suburbs, and Bethshemesh with her suburbs; nine cities out of those two tribes.	
Joshua 21:19	All the cities of the children of Aaron, the priests, were thirteen cities with their suburbs.	
Joshua 21:2	And they spake unto them at Shiloh in the land of Canaan, saying, The LORD commanded by the hand of Moses to give us cities to dwell in, with the suburbs thereof for our cattle.	
Joshua 21:21	For they gave them Shechem with her suburbs in mount Ephraim, to be a city of refuge for the slayer; and Gezer with her suburbs,	
Joshua 21:22	And Kibzaim with her suburbs, and Bethhoron with her suburbs; four cities.	
Joshua 21:23	And out of the tribe of Dan, Eltekeh with her suburbs, Gibbethon with her suburbs,	
Joshua 21:33	All the cities of the Gershonites according to their families were thirteen cities with their suburbs.	
Joshua 21:35	Dimnah with her suburbs, Nahalal with her suburbs; four cities.	
Joshua 21:38	And out of the tribe of Gad, Ramoth in Gilead with her suburbs, to be a city of refuge for the slayer; and Mahanaim with her suburbs,	
Joshua 21:5	And the rest of the children of Kohath had by lot out of the families of the tribe of Ephraim, and out of the tribe of Dan, and out of the half tribe of Manasseh, ten cities.	
Joshua 22:1	Then Joshua called the Reubenites, and the Gadites, and the half tribe of Manasseh,	
Joshua 22:12	And when the children of Israel heard of it, the whole congregation of the children of Israel gathered themselves together at Shiloh, to go up to war against them.	
Joshua 22:13	And the children of Israel sent unto the children of Reuben, and to the children of Gad, and to the half tribe of Manasseh, into the land of Gilead, Phinehas the son of Eleazar the priest,	
Joshua 22:17	Is the iniquity of Peor too little for us, from which we are not cleansed until this day, although there was a plague in the congregation of the LORD,	
Joshua 22:2	And said unto them, Ye have kept all that Moses the servant of the LORD commanded you, and have obeyed my voice in all that I commanded you:	
Joshua 22:4	And now the LORD your God hath given rest unto your brethren, as he promised them: therefore now return ye, and get you unto your tents, and unto the land of your possession, which Moses the servant of the LORD gave you on the other side Jordan.	
Joshua 22:8	And he spake unto them, saying, Return with much riches unto your tents, and with very much cattle, with silver, and with gold, and with brass, and with iron, and with very much raiment: divide the spoil of your enemies with your brethren.	
Joshua 23:10	One man of you shall chase a thousand: for the LORD your God, he it is that fighteth for you, as he hath promised you.	
Joshua 23:9	For the LORD hath driven out from before you great nations and strong: but as for you, no man hath been able to stand before you unto this day.	
Joshua 24:1	And Joshua gathered all the tribes of Israel to Shechem, and called for the elders of Israel, and for their heads, and for their judges, and for their officers; and they presented themselves before God.	
Joshua 24:12	And I sent the hornet before you, which drave them out from before you, even the two kings of the Amorites; but not with thy sword, nor with thy bow.	
Joshua 24:23	Now therefore put away, said he, the strange gods which are among you, and incline your heart unto the LORD God of Israel.	
Joshua 24:31	And Israel served the LORD all the days of Joshua, and all the days of the elders that overlived Joshua, and which had known all the works of the LORD, that he had done for Israel.	
Joshua 24:32	And the bones of Joseph, which the children of Israel brought up out of Egypt, buried they in Shechem, in a parcel of ground which Jacob bought of the sons of Hamor the father of Shechem for an hundred pieces of silver: and it became the inheritance of the children of Joseph.	
Joshua 24:33	And Eleazar the son of Aaron died; and they buried him in a hill that pertained to Phinehas his son, which was given him in mount Ephraim.	
Joshua 24:4	And I gave unto Isaac Jacob and Esau: and I gave unto Esau mount Seir, to possess it; but Jacob and his children went down into Egypt.	
Joshua 2:10	For we have heard how the LORD dried up the water of the Red sea for you, when ye came out of Egypt; and what ye did unto the two kings of the Amorites, that were on the other side Jordan, Sihon and Og, whom ye utterly destroyed.	
Joshua 2:12	Now therefore, I pray you, swear unto me by the LORD, since I have showed you kindness, that ye will also show kindness unto my father's house, and give me a true token:	
Joshua 2:20	And if thou utter this our business, then we will be quit of thine oath which thou hast made us to swear.	
Joshua 2:4	And the woman took the two men, and hid them, and said thus, There came men unto me, but I wist not whence they were:	
Joshua 2:9	And she said unto the men, I know that the LORD hath given you the land, and that your terror is fallen upon us, and that all the inhabitants of the land faint because of you.	
Joshua 3:13	And it shall come to pass, as soon as the soles of the feet of the priests that bear the ark of the LORD, the LORD of all the earth, shall rest in the waters of Jordan, that the waters of Jordan shall be cut off from the waters that come down from above; and they shall stand upon an heap.	
Joshua 3:3	And they commanded the people, saying, When ye see the ark of the covenant of the LORD your God, and the priests the Levites bearing it, then ye shall remove from your place, and go after it.	
Joshua 4:14	On that day the LORD magnified Joshua in the sight of all Israel; and they feared him, as they feared Moses, all the days of his life.	
Joshua 4:19	And the people came up out of Jordan on the tenth day of the first month, and encamped in Gilgal, in the east border of Jericho.	
Joshua 4:5	And Joshua said unto them, Pass over before the ark of the LORD your God into the midst of Jordan, and take you up every man of you a stone upon his shoulder, according unto the number of the tribes of the children of Israel:	
Joshua 4:6	That this may be a sign among you, that when your children ask their fathers in time to come, saying, What mean ye by these stones?	
Joshua 4:7	Then ye shall answer them, That the waters of Jordan were cut off before the ark of the covenant of the LORD; when it passed over Jordan, the waters of Jordan were cut off: and these stones shall be for a memorial unto the children of Israel for ever.	
Joshua 4:8	And the children of Israel did so as Joshua commanded, and took up twelve stones out of the midst of Jordan, as the LORD spake unto Joshua, according to the number of the tribes of the children of Israel, and carried them over with them unto the place where they lodged, and laid them down there.	
Joshua 4:9	And Joshua set up twelve stones in the midst of Jordan, in the place where the feet of the priests which bare the ark of the covenant stood: and they are there unto this day.	
Joshua 5:1	And it came to pass, when all the kings of the Amorites, which were on the side of Jordan westward, and all the kings of the Canaanites, which were by the sea, heard that the LORD had dried up the waters of Jordan from before the children of Israel, until we were passed over, that their heart melted, neither was there spirit in them any more, because of the children of Israel.	
Joshua 5:11	And they did eat of the old corn of the land on the morrow after the passover, unleavened cakes, and parched corn in the selfsame day.	
Joshua 5:12	And the manna ceased on the morrow after they had eaten of the old corn of the land; neither had the children of Israel manna any more; but they did eat of the fruit of the land of Canaan that year.	
Joshua 5:14	And he said, Nay; but as captain of the host of the LORD am I now come. And Joshua fell on his face to the earth, and did worship, and said unto him, What saith my Lord unto his servant?	
Joshua 5:9	And the LORD said unto Joshua, This day have I rolled away the reproach of Egypt from off you. Wherefore the name of the place is called Gilgal unto this day.	
Joshua 6:1	Now Jericho was straitly shut up because of the children of Israel: none went out, and none came in.	
Joshua 6:13	And seven priests bearing seven trumpets of rams' horns before the ark of the LORD went on continually, and blew with the trumpets: and the armed men went before them; but the rearward came after the ark of the LORD, the priests going on, and blowing with the trumpets.	
Joshua 6:15	And it came to pass on the seventh day, that they rose early about the dawning of the day, and compassed the city after the same manner seven times: only on that day they compassed the city seven times.	
Joshua 6:2	And the LORD said unto Joshua, See, I have given into thine hand Jericho, and the king thereof, and the mighty men of valor.	
Joshua 6:20	So the people shouted when the priests blew with the trumpets: and it came to pass, when the people heard the sound of the trumpet, and the people shouted with a great shout, that the wall fell down flat, so that the people went up into the city, every man straight before him, and they took the city.	
Joshua 6:25	And Joshua saved Rahab the harlot alive, and her father's household, and all that she had; and she dwelleth in Israel even unto this day; because she hid the messengers, which Joshua sent to spy out Jericho.	
Joshua 6:27	So the LORD was with Joshua; and his fame was noised throughout all the country.	
Joshua 6:9	And the armed men went before the priests that blew with the trumpets, and the rearward came after the ark, the priests going on, and blowing with the trumpets.	
Joshua 7:18	And he brought his household man by man; and Achan, the son of Carmi, the son of Zabdi, the son of Zerah, of the tribe of Judah, was taken.	
Joshua 7:19	And Joshua said unto Achan, My son, give, I pray thee, glory to the LORD God of Israel, and make confession unto him; and tell me now what thou hast done; hide it not from me.	
Joshua 7:2	And Joshua sent men from Jericho to Ai, which is beside Bethaven, on the east of Bethel, and spake unto them, saying, Go up and view the country. And the men went up and viewed Ai.	
Joshua 7:26	And they raised over him a great heap of stones unto this day. So the LORD turned from the fierceness of his anger. Wherefore the name of that place was called, The valley of Achor, unto this day.	
Joshua 7:4	So there went up thither of the people about three thousand men: and they fled before the men of Ai.	
Joshua 8:10	And Joshua rose up early in the morning, and numbered the people, and went up, he and the elders of Israel, before the people to Ai.	
Joshua 8:15	And Joshua and all Israel made as if they were beaten before them, and fled by the way of the wilderness.	
Joshua 8:19	And the ambush arose quickly out of their place, and they ran as soon as he had stretched out his hand: and they entered into the city, and took it, and hasted and set the city on fire.	
Joshua 8:20	And when the men of Ai looked behind them, they saw, and, behold, the smoke of the city ascended up to heaven, and they had no power to flee this way or that way: and the people that fled to the wilderness turned back upon the pursuers.	
Joshua 8:22	And the other issued out of the city against them; so they were in the midst of Israel, some on this side, and some on that side: and they smote them, so that they let none of them remain or escape.	
Joshua 8:3	So Joshua arose, and all the people of war, to go up against Ai: and Joshua chose out thirty thousand mighty men of valor, and sent them away by night.	
Joshua 8:32	And he wrote there upon the stones a copy of the law of Moses, which he wrote in the presence of the children of Israel.	
Joshua 8:35	There was not a word of all that Moses commanded, which Joshua read not before all the congregation of Israel, with the women, and the little ones, and the strangers that were conversant among them.	
Joshua 9:10	And all that he did to the two kings of the Amorites, that were beyond Jordan, to Sihon king of Heshbon, and to Og king of Bashan, which was at Ashtaroth.	
Joshua 9:12	This our bread we took hot for our provision out of our houses on the day we came forth to go unto you; but now, behold, it is dry, and it is mouldy:	
Joshua 9:15	And Joshua made peace with them, and made a league with them, to let them live: and the princes of the congregation sware unto them.	
Joshua 9:16	And it came to pass at the end of three days after they had made a league with them, that they heard that they were their neighbors, and that they dwelt among them.	
Joshua 9:20	This we will do to them; we will even let them live, lest wrath be upon us, because of the oath which we sware unto them.	
Joshua 9:21	And the princes said unto them, Let them live; but let them be hewers of wood and drawers of water unto all the congregation; as the princes had promised them.	
Joshua 9:23	Now therefore ye are cursed, and there shall none of you be freed from being bondmen, and hewers of wood and drawers of water for the house of my God.	
Joshua 9:26	And so did he unto them, and delivered them out of the hand of the children of Israel, that they slew them not.	
Joshua 9:27	And Joshua made them that day hewers of wood and drawers of water for the congregation, and for the altar of the LORD, even unto this day, in the place which he should choose.	
Joshua 9:6	And they went to Joshua unto the camp at Gilgal, and said unto him, and to the men of Israel, We be come from a far country: now therefore make ye a league with us.	
Joshua 9:8	And they said unto Joshua, We are thy servants. And Joshua said unto them, Who are ye? and from whence come ye?	
Joshua 9:9	And they said unto him, From a very far country thy servants are come because of the name of the LORD thy God: for we have heard the fame of him, and all that he did in Egypt,	
Jude 1:1	Jude, the servant of Jesus Christ, and brother of James, to them that are sanctified by God the Father, and preserved in Jesus Christ, and called:	
Jude 1:14	And Enoch also, the seventh from Adam, prophesied of these, saying, Behold, the Lord cometh with ten thousands of his saints,	
Jude 1:15	To execute judgment upon all, and to convince all that are ungodly among them of all their ungodly deeds which they have ungodly committed, and of all their hard speeches which ungodly sinners have spoken against him.	
Jude 1:20	But ye, beloved, building up yourselves on your most holy faith, praying in the Holy Ghost,	
Jude 1:25	To the only wise God our Saviour, be glory and majesty, dominion and power, both now and ever. Amen.	
Jude 1:9	Yet Michael the archangel, when contending with the devil he disputed about the body of Moses, durst not bring against him a railing accusation, but said, The Lord rebuke thee.	
Judges 10:13	Yet ye have forsaken me, and served other gods: wherefore I will deliver you no more.	
Judges 10:16	And they put away the strange gods from among them, and served the LORD: and his soul was grieved for the misery of Israel.	
Judges 10:17	Then the children of Ammon were gathered together, and encamped in Gilead. And the children of Israel assembled themselves together, and encamped in Mizpeh.	
Judges 10:18	And the people and princes of Gilead said one to another, What man is he that will begin to fight against the children of Ammon? he shall be head over all the inhabitants of Gilead.	
Judges 10:9	Moreover the children of Ammon passed over Jordan to fight also against Judah, and against Benjamin, and against the house of Ephraim; so that Israel was sore distressed.	
Judges 11:18	Then they went along through the wilderness, and compassed the land of Edom, and the land of Moab, and came by the east side of the land of Moab, and pitched on the other side of Arnon, but came not within the border of Moab: for Arnon was the border of Moab.	
Judges 11:2	And Gilead's wife bare him sons; and his wife's sons grew up, and they thrust out Jephthah, and said unto him, Thou shalt not inherit in our father's house; for thou art the son of a strange woman.	
Judges 11:21	And the LORD God of Israel delivered Sihon and all his people into the hand of Israel, and they smote them: so Israel possessed all the land of the Amorites, the inhabitants of that country.	
Judges 11:23	So now the LORD God of Israel hath dispossessed the Amorites from before his people Israel, and shouldest thou possess it?	
Judges 11:28	Howbeit the king of the children of Ammon hearkened not unto the words of Jephthah which he sent him.	
Judges 11:3	Then Jephthah fled from his brethren, and dwelt in the land of Tob: and there were gathered vain men to Jephthah, and went out with him.	
Judges 11:37	And she said unto her father, Let this thing be done for me: let me alone two months, that I may go up and down upon the mountains, and bewail my virginity, I and my fellows.	
Judges 11:38	And he said, Go. And he sent her away for two months: and she went with her companions, and bewailed her virginity upon the mountains.	
Judges 11:5	And it was so, that when the children of Ammon made war against Israel, the elders of Gilead went to fetch Jephthah out of the land of Tob:	
Judges 11:7	And Jephthah said unto the elders of Gilead, Did not ye hate me, and expel me out of my father's house? and why are ye come unto me now when ye are in distress?	
Judges 12:10	Then died Ibzan, and was buried at Bethlehem.	
Judges 12:12	And Elon the Zebulonite died, and was buried in Aijalon in the country of Zebulun.	
Judges 12:14	And he had forty sons and thirty nephews, that rode on threescore and ten ass colts: and he judged Israel eight years.	
Judges 12:3	And when I saw that ye delivered me not, I put my life in my hands, and passed over against the children of Ammon, and the LORD delivered them into my hand: wherefore then are ye come up unto me this day, to fight against me?	
Judges 12:5	And the Gileadites took the passages of Jordan before the Ephraimites: and it was so, that when those Ephraimites which were escaped said, Let me go over; that the men of Gilead said unto him, Art thou an Ephraimite? If he said, Nay;	
Judges 13:18	And the angel of the LORD said unto him, Why askest thou thus after my name, seeing it is secret?	
Judges 13:19	So Manoah took a kid with a meat offering, and offered it upon a rock unto the LORD: and the angel did wonderously; and Manoah and his wife looked on.	
Judges 13:21	But the angel of the LORD did no more appear to Manoah and to his wife. Then Manoah knew that he was an angel of the LORD.	
Judges 13:23	But his wife said unto him, If the LORD were pleased to kill us, he would not have received a burnt offering and a meat offering at our hands, neither would he have showed us all these things, nor would as at this time have told us such things as these.	
Judges 13:25	And the Spirit of the LORD began to move him at times in the camp of Dan between Zorah and Eshtaol.	
Judges 13:5	For, lo, thou shalt conceive, and bear a son; and no razor shall come on his head: for the child shall be a Nazarite unto God from the womb: and he shall begin to deliver Israel out of the hand of the Philistines.	
Judges 13:6	Then the woman came and told her husband, saying, A man of God came unto me, and his countenance was like the countenance of an angel of God, very terrible: but I asked him not whence he was, neither told he me his name:	
Judges 13:7	But he said unto me, Behold, thou shalt conceive, and bear a son; and now drink no wine nor strong drink, neither eat any unclean thing: for the child shall be a Nazarite to God from the womb to the day of his death.	
Judges 14:14	And he said unto them, Out of the eater came forth meat, and out of the strong came forth sweetness. And they could not in three days expound the riddle.	
Judges 14:15	And it came to pass on the seventh day, that they said unto Samson's wife, Entice thy husband, that he may declare unto us the riddle, lest we burn thee and thy father's house with fire: have ye called us to take that we have? is it not so?	
Judges 14:18	And the men of the city said unto him on the seventh day before the sun went down, What is sweeter than honey? And what is stronger than a lion? and he said unto them, If ye had not plowed with my heifer, ye had not found out my riddle.	
Judges 14:20	But Samson's wife was given to his companion, whom he had used as his friend.	
Judges 14:4	But his father and his mother knew not that it was of the LORD, that he sought an occasion against the Philistines: for at that time the Philistines had dominion over Israel.	
Judges 14:5	Then went Samson down, and his father and his mother, to Timnath, and came to the vineyards of Timnath: and, behold, a young lion roared against him.	
Judges 14:6	And the Spirit of the LORD came mightily upon him, and he rent him as he would have rent a kid, and he had nothing in his hand: but he told not his father or his mother what he had done.	
Judges 14:8	And after a time he returned to take her, and he turned aside to see the carcass of the lion: and, behold, there was a swarm of bees and honey in the carcass of the lion.	
Judges 15:17	And it came to pass, when he had made an end of speaking, that he cast away the jawbone out of his hand, and called that place Ramathlehi.	
Judges 15:5	And when he had set the brands on fire, he let them go into the standing corn of the Philistines, and burnt up both the shocks, and also the standing corn, with the vineyards and olives.	
Judges 15:7	And Samson said unto them, Though ye have done this, yet will I be avenged of you, and after that I will cease.	
Judges 15:8	And he smote them hip and thigh with a great slaughter: and he went down and dwelt in the top of the rock Etam.	
Judges 16:16	And it came to pass, when she pressed him daily with her words, and urged him, so that his soul was vexed unto death;	
Judges 16:19	And she made him sleep upon her knees; and she called for a man, and she caused him to shave off the seven locks of his head; and she began to afflict him, and his strength went from him.	
Judges 16:4	And it came to pass afterward, that he loved a woman in the valley of Sorek, whose name was Delilah.	
Judges 17:13	Then said Micah, Now know I that the LORD will do me good, seeing I have a Levite to my priest.	
Judges 17:2	And he said unto his mother, The eleven hundred shekels of silver that were taken from thee, about which thou cursedst, and spakest of also in mine ears, behold, the silver is with me; I took it. And his mother said, Blessed be thou of the LORD, my son.	
Judges 17:9	And Micah said unto him, Whence comest thou? And he said unto him, I am a Levite of Bethlehemjudah, and I go to sojourn where I may find a place.	
Judges 18:13	And they passed thence unto mount Ephraim, and came unto the house of Micah.	
Judges 18:16	And the six hundred men appointed with their weapons of war, which were of the children of Dan, stood by the entering of the gate.	
Judges 18:17	And the five men that went to spy out the land went up, and came in thither, and took the graven image, and the ephod, and the teraphim, and the molten image: and the priest stood in the entering of the gate with the six hundred men that were appointed with weapons of war.	
Judges 19:1	And it came to pass in those days, when there was no king in Israel, that there was a certain Levite sojourning on the side of mount Ephraim, who took to him a concubine out of Bethlehemjudah.	
Judges 19:10	But the man would not tarry that night, but he rose up and departed, and came over against Jebus, which is Jerusalem; and there were with him two asses saddled, his concubine also was with him.	
Judges 19:15	And they turned aside thither, to go in and to lodge in Gibeah: and when he went in, he sat him down in a street of the city: for there was no man that took them into his house to lodging.	
Judges 19:18	And he said unto him, We are passing from Bethlehemjudah toward the side of mount Ephraim; from thence am I: and I went to Bethlehemjudah, but I am now going to the house of the LORD; and there is no man that receiveth me to house.	
Judges 19:22	Now as they were making their hearts merry, behold, the men of the city, certain sons of Belial, beset the house round about, and beat at the door, and spake to the master of the house, the old man, saying, Bring forth the man that came into thine house, that we may know him.	
Judges 19:28	And he said unto her, Up, and let us be going. But none answered. Then the man took her up upon an ass, and the man rose up, and gat him unto his place.	
Judges 19:30	And it was so, that all that saw it said, There was no such deed done nor seen from the day that the children of Israel came up out of the land of Egypt unto this day: consider of it, take advice, and speak your minds.	
Judges 1:13	And Othniel the son of Kenaz, Caleb's younger brother, took it: and he gave him Achsah his daughter to wife.	
Judges 1:15	And she said unto him, Give me a blessing: for thou hast given me a south land; give me also springs of water. And Caleb gave her the upper springs and the nether springs.	
Judges 1:16	And the children of the Kenite, Moses' father in law, went up out of the city of palm trees with the children of Judah into the wilderness of Judah, which lieth in the south of Arad; and they went and dwelt among the people.	
Judges 1:18	Also Judah took Gaza with the coast thereof, and Askelon with the coast thereof, and Ekron with the coast thereof.	
Judges 1:24	And the spies saw a man come forth out of the city, and they said unto him, Show us, we pray thee, the entrance into the city, and we will show thee mercy.	
Judges 1:29	Neither did Ephraim drive out the Canaanites that dwelt in Gezer; but the Canaanites dwelt in Gezer among them.	
Judges 1:33	Neither did Naphtali drive out the inhabitants of Bethshemesh, nor the inhabitants of Bethanath; but he dwelt among the Canaanites, the inhabitants of the land: nevertheless the inhabitants of Bethshemesh and of Bethanath became tributaries unto them.	
Judges 1:35	But the Amorites would dwell in mount Heres in Aijalon, and in Shaalbim: yet the hand of the house of Joseph prevailed, so that they became tributaries.	
Judges 1:36	And the coast of the Amorites was from the going up to Akrabbim, from the rock, and upward.	
Judges 20:1	Then all the children of Israel went out, and the congregation was gathered together as one man, from Dan even to Beersheba, with the land of Gilead, unto the LORD in Mizpeh.	
Judges 20:11	So all the men of Israel were gathered against the city, knit together as one man.	
Judges 20:15	And the children of Benjamin were numbered at that time out of the cities twenty and six thousand men that drew sword, beside the inhabitants of Gibeah, which were numbered seven hundred chosen men.	
Judges 20:20	And the men of Israel went out to battle against Benjamin; and the men of Israel put themselves in array to fight against them at Gibeah.	
Judges 20:24	And the children of Israel came near against the children of Benjamin the second day.	
Judges 20:25	And Benjamin went forth against them out of Gibeah the second day, and destroyed down to the ground of the children of Israel again eighteen thousand men; all these drew the sword.	
Judges 20:32	And the children of Benjamin said, They are smitten down before us, as at the first. But the children of Israel said, Let us flee, and draw them from the city unto the highways.	
Judges 20:34	And there came against Gibeah ten thousand chosen men out of all Israel, and the battle was sore: but they knew not that evil was near them.	
Judges 20:41	And when the men of Israel turned again, the men of Benjamin were amazed: for they saw that evil was come upon them.	
Judges 20:44	And there fell of Benjamin eighteen thousand men; all these were men of valor.	
Judges 20:45	And they turned and fled toward the wilderness unto the rock of Rimmon: and they gleaned of them in the highways five thousand men; and pursued hard after them unto Gidom, and slew two thousand men of them.	
Judges 20:7	Behold, ye are all children of Israel; give here your advice and counsel.	
Judges 21:11	And this is the thing that ye shall do, Ye shall utterly destroy every male, and every woman that hath lain by man.	
Judges 21:12	And they found among the inhabitants of Jabeshgilead four hundred young virgins, that had known no man by lying with any male: and they brought them unto the camp to Shiloh, which is in the land of Canaan.	
Judges 21:15	And the people repented them for Benjamin, because that the LORD had made a breach in the tribes of Israel.	
Judges 21:16	Then the elders of the congregation said, How shall we do for wives for them that remain, seeing the women are destroyed out of Benjamin?	
Judges 21:2	And the people came to the house of God, and abode there till even before God, and lifted up their voices, and wept sore;	
Judges 21:23	And the children of Benjamin did so, and took them wives, according to their number, of them that danced, whom they caught: and they went and returned unto their inheritance, and repaired the cities, and dwelt in them.	
Judges 21:25	In those days there was no king in Israel: every man did that which was right in his own eyes.	
Judges 21:8	And they said, What one is there of the tribes of Israel that came not up to Mizpeh to the LORD? And, behold, there came none to the camp from Jabeshgilead to the assembly.	
Judges 2:13	And they forsook the LORD, and served Baal and Ashtaroth.	
Judges 2:16	Nevertheless the LORD raised up judges, which delivered them out of the hand of those that spoiled them.	
Judges 2:17	And yet they would not hearken unto their judges, but they went a whoring after other gods, and bowed themselves unto them: they turned quickly out of the way which their fathers walked in, obeying the commandments of the LORD; but they did not so.	
Judges 2:7	And the people served the LORD all the days of Joshua, and all the days of the elders that outlived Joshua, who had seen all the great works of the LORD, that he did for Israel.	
Judges 3:15	But when the children of Israel cried unto the LORD, the LORD raised them up a deliverer, Ehud the son of Gera, a Benjamite, a man lefthanded: and by him the children of Israel sent a present unto Eglon the king of Moab.	
Judges 3:16	But Ehud made him a dagger which had two edges, of a cubit length; and he did gird it under his raiment upon his right thigh.	
Judges 3:19	But he himself turned again from the quarries that were by Gilgal, and said, I have a secret errand unto thee, O king: who said, Keep silence. And all that stood by him went out from him.	
Judges 3:27	And it came to pass, when he was come, that he blew a trumpet in the mountain of Ephraim, and the children of Israel went down with him from the mount, and he before them.	
Judges 3:29	And they slew of Moab at that time about ten thousand men, all lusty, and all men of valor; and there escaped not a man.	
Judges 3:4	And they were to prove Israel by them, to know whether they would hearken unto the commandments of the LORD, which he commanded their fathers by the hand of Moses.	
Judges 3:7	And the children of Israel did evil in the sight of the LORD, and forgat the LORD their God, and served Baalim and the groves.	
Judges 3:9	And when the children of Israel cried unto the LORD, the LORD raised up a deliverer to the children of Israel, who delivered them, even Othniel the son of Kenaz, Caleb's younger brother.	
Judges 4:10	And Barak called Zebulun and Naphtali to Kedesh; and he went up with ten thousand men at his feet: and Deborah went up with him.	
Judges 4:13	And Sisera gathered together all his chariots, even nine hundred chariots of iron, and all the people that were with him, from Harosheth of the Gentiles unto the river of Kishon.	
Judges 4:15	And the LORD discomfited Sisera, and all his chariots, and all his host, with the edge of the sword before Barak; so that Sisera lighted down off his chariot, and fled away on his feet.	
Judges 4:19	And he said unto her, Give me, I pray thee, a little water to drink; for I am thirsty. And she opened a bottle of milk, and gave him drink, and covered him.	
Judges 4:22	And, behold, as Barak pursued Sisera, Jael came out to meet him, and said unto him, Come, and I will show thee the man whom thou seekest. And when he came into her tent, behold, Sisera lay dead, and the nail was in his temples.	
Judges 4:7	And I will draw unto thee to the river Kishon Sisera, the captain of Jabin's army, with his chariots and his multitude; and I will deliver him into thine hand.	
Judges 5:1	Then sang Deborah and Barak the son of Abinoam on that day, saying,	
Judges 5:12	Awake, awake, Deborah: awake, awake, utter a song: arise, Barak, and lead thy captivity captive, thou son of Abinoam.	
Judges 5:14	Out of Ephraim was there a root of them against Amalek; after thee, Benjamin, among thy people; out of Machir came down governors, and out of Zebulun they that handle the pen of the writer.	
Judges 5:17	Gilead abode beyond Jordan: and why did Dan remain in ships? Asher continued on the sea shore, and abode in his breaches.	
Judges 5:29	Her wise ladies answered her, yea, she returned answer to herself,	
Judges 5:6	In the days of Shamgar the son of Anath, in the days of Jael, the highways were unoccupied, and the travellers walked through byways.	
Judges 5:8	They chose new gods; then was war in the gates: was there a shield or spear seen among forty thousand in Israel?	
Judges 6:10	And I said unto you, I am the LORD your God; fear not the gods of the Amorites, in whose land ye dwell: but ye have not obeyed my voice.	
Judges 6:11	And there came an angel of the LORD, and sat under an oak which was in Ophrah, that pertained unto Joash the Abiezrite: and his son Gideon threshed wheat by the winepress, to hide it from the Midianites.	
Judges 6:14	And the LORD looked upon him, and said, Go in this thy might, and thou shalt save Israel from the hand of the Midianites: have not I sent thee?	
Judges 6:15	And he said unto him, Oh my Lord, wherewith shall I save Israel? behold, my family is poor in Manasseh, and I am the least in my father's house.	
Judges 6:17	And he said unto him, If now I have found grace in thy sight, then show me a sign that thou talkest with me.	
Judges 6:21	Then the angel of the LORD put forth the end of the staff that was in his hand, and touched the flesh and the unleavened cakes; and there rose up fire out of the rock, and consumed the flesh and the unleavened cakes. Then the angel of the LORD departed out of his sight.	
Judges 6:23	And the LORD said unto him, Peace be unto thee; fear not: thou shalt not die.	
Judges 6:29	And they said one to another, Who hath done this thing? And when they inquired and asked, they said, Gideon the son of Joash hath done this thing.	
Judges 6:3	And so it was, when Israel had sown, that the Midianites came up, and the Amalekites, and the children of the east, even they came up against them;	
Judges 6:38	And it was so: for he rose up early on the morrow, and thrust the fleece together, and wringed the dew out of the fleece, a bowl full of water.	
Judges 6:39	And Gideon said unto God, Let not thine anger be hot against me, and I will speak but this once: let me prove, I pray thee, but this once with the fleece; let it now be dry only upon the fleece, and upon all the ground let there be dew.	
Judges 7:13	And when Gideon was come, behold, there was a man that told a dream unto his fellow, and said, Behold, I dreamed a dream, and, lo, a cake of barley bread tumbled into the host of Midian, and came unto a tent, and smote it that it fell, and overturned it, that the tent lay along.	
Judges 7:17	And he said unto them, Look on me, and do likewise: and, behold, when I come to the outside of the camp, it shall be that, as I do, so shall ye do.	
Judges 7:4	And the LORD said unto Gideon, The people are yet too many; bring them down unto the water, and I will try them for thee there: and it shall be, that of whom I say unto thee, This shall go with thee, the same shall go with thee; and of whomsoever I say unto thee, This shall not go with thee, the same shall not go.	
Judges 7:5	So he brought down the people unto the water: and the LORD said unto Gideon, Every one that lappeth of the water with his tongue, as a dog lappeth, him shalt thou set by himself; likewise every one that boweth down upon his knees to drink.	
Judges 7:9	And it came to pass the same night, that the LORD said unto him, Arise, get thee down unto the host; for I have delivered it into thine hand.	
Judges 8:13	And Gideon the son of Joash returned from battle before the sun was up,	
Judges 8:21	Then Zebah and Zalmunna said, Rise thou, and fall upon us: for as the man is, so is his strength. And Gideon arose, and slew Zebah and Zalmunna, and took away the ornaments that were on their camels' necks.	
Judges 8:23	And Gideon said unto them, I will not rule over you, neither shall my son rule over you: the LORD shall rule over you.	
Judges 8:24	And Gideon said unto them, I would desire a request of you, that ye would give me every man the earrings of his prey. (For they had golden earrings, because they were Ishmaelites.)	
Judges 8:27	And Gideon made an ephod thereof, and put it in his city, even in Ophrah: and all Israel went thither a whoring after it: which thing became a snare unto Gideon, and to his house.	
Judges 8:29	And Jerubbaal the son of Joash went and dwelt in his own house.	
Judges 8:35	Neither showed they kindness to the house of Jerubbaal, namely, Gideon, according to all the goodness which he had showed unto Israel.	
Judges 8:4	And Gideon came to Jordan, and passed over, he, and the three hundred men that were with him, faint, yet pursuing them.	
Judges 9:16	Now therefore, if ye have done truly and sincerely, in that ye have made Abimelech king, and if ye have dealt well with Jerubbaal and his house, and have done unto him according to the deserving of his hands;	
Judges 9:17	(For my father fought for you, and adventured his life far, and delivered you out of the hand of Midian:	
Judges 9:39	And Gaal went out before the men of Shechem, and fought with Abimelech.	
Judges 9:44	And Abimelech, and the company that was with him, rushed forward, and stood in the entering of the gate of the city: and the two other companies ran upon all the people that were in the fields, and slew them.	
Judges 9:45	And Abimelech fought against the city all that day; and he took the city, and slew the people that was therein, and beat down the city, and sowed it with salt.	
Judges 9:47	And it was told Abimelech, that all the men of the tower of Shechem were gathered together.	
Judges 9:53	And a certain woman cast a piece of a millstone upon Abimelech's head, and all to brake his skull.	
Judges 9:54	Then he called hastily unto the young man his armourbearer, and said unto him, Draw thy sword, and slay me, that men say not of me, A women slew him. And his young man thrust him through, and he died.	
Judges 9:7	And when they told it to Jotham, he went and stood in the top of mount Gerizim, and lifted up his voice, and cried, and said unto them, Hearken unto me, ye men of Shechem, that God may hearken unto you.	
Judges 9:8	The trees went forth on a time to anoint a king over them; and they said unto the olive tree, Reign thou over us.	
Lamentations 1:16	For these things I weep; mine eye, mine eye runneth down with water, because the comforter that should relieve my soul is far from me: my children are desolate, because the enemy prevailed.	
Lamentations 1:2	She weepeth sore in the night, and her tears are on her cheeks: among all her lovers she hath none to comfort her: all her friends have dealt treacherously with her, they are become her enemies.	
Lamentations 1:3	Judah is gone into captivity because of affliction, and because of great servitude: she dwelleth among the heathen, she findeth no rest: all her persecutors overtook her between the straits.	
Lamentations 1:5	Her adversaries are the chief, her enemies prosper; for the LORD hath afflicted her for the multitude of her transgressions: her children are gone into captivity before the enemy.	
Lamentations 2:1	How hath the LORD covered the daughter of Zion with a cloud in his anger, and cast down from heaven unto the earth the beauty of Israel, and remembered not his footstool in the day of his anger!	
Lamentations 2:10	The elders of the daughter of Zion sit upon the ground, and keep silence: they have cast up dust upon their heads; they have girded themselves with sackcloth: the virgins of Jerusalem hang down their heads to the ground.	
Lamentations 2:17	The LORD hath done that which he had devised; he hath fulfilled his word that he had commanded in the days of old: he hath thrown down, and hath not pitied: and he hath caused thine enemy to rejoice over thee, he hath set up the horn of thine adversaries.	
Lamentations 2:18	Their heart cried unto the LORD, O wall of the daughter of Zion, let tears run down like a river day and night: give thyself no rest; let not the apple of thine eye cease.	
Lamentations 2:3	He hath cut off in his fierce anger all the horn of Israel: he hath drawn back his right hand from before the enemy, and he burned against Jacob like a flaming fire, which devoureth round about.	
Lamentations 2:8	The LORD hath purposed to destroy the wall of the daughter of Zion: he hath stretched out a line, he hath not withdrawn his hand from destroying: therefore he made the rampart and the wall to lament; they languished together.	
Lamentations 3:11	He hath turned aside my ways, and pulled me in pieces: he hath made me desolate.	
Lamentations 3:13	He hath caused the arrows of his quiver to enter into my reins.	
Lamentations 3:20	My soul hath them still in remembrance, and is humbled in me.	
Lamentations 3:3	Surely against me is he turned; he turneth his hand against me all the day.	
Lamentations 3:30	He giveth his cheek to him that smiteth him: he is filled full with reproach.	
Lamentations 3:32	But though he cause grief, yet will he have compassion according to the multitude of his mercies.	
Lamentations 3:42	We have transgressed and have rebelled: thou hast not pardoned.	
Lamentations 3:46	All our enemies have opened their mouths against us.	
Lamentations 3:48	Mine eye runneth down with rivers of water for the destruction of the daughter of my people.	
Lamentations 3:50	Till the LORD look down, and behold from heaven.	
Lamentations 3:51	Mine eye affecteth mine heart because of all the daughters of my city.	
Lamentations 3:52	Mine enemies chased me sore, like a bird, without cause.	
Lamentations 3:53	They have cut off my life in the dungeon, and cast a stone upon me.	
Lamentations 3:54	Waters flowed over mine head; then I said, I am cut off.	
Lamentations 3:58	O LORD, thou hast pleaded the causes of my soul; thou hast redeemed my life.	
Lamentations 3:63	Behold their sitting down, and their rising up; I am their musick.	
Lamentations 3:66	Persecute and destroy them in anger from under the heavens of the LORD.	
Lamentations 3:7	He hath hedged me about, that I cannot get out: he hath made my chain heavy.	
Lamentations 3:8	Also when I cry and shout, he shutteth out my prayer.	
Lamentations 4:14	They have wandered as blind men in the streets, they have polluted themselves with blood, so that men could not touch their garments.	
Lamentations 4:18	They hunt our steps, that we cannot go in our streets: our end is near, our days are fulfilled; for our end is come.	
Lamentations 4:19	Our persecutors are swifter than the eagles of the heaven: they pursued us upon the mountains, they laid wait for us in the wilderness.	
Lamentations 4:3	Even the sea monsters draw out the breast, they give suck to their young ones: the daughter of my people is become cruel, like the ostriches in the wilderness.	
Lamentations 4:5	They that did feed delicately are desolate in the streets: they that were brought up in scarlet embrace dunghills.	
Lamentations 4:8	Their visage is blacker than a coal; they are not known in the streets: their skin cleaveth to their bones; it is withered, it is become like a stick.	
Lamentations 5:13	They took the young men to grind, and the children fell under the wood.	
Lamentations 5:17	For this our heart is faint; for these things our eyes are dim.	
Lamentations 5:21	Turn thou us unto thee, O LORD, and we shall be turned; renew our days as of old.	
Lamentations 5:4	We have drunken our water for money; our wood is sold unto us.	
Lamentations 5:5	Our necks are under persecution: we labour, and have no rest.	
Lamentations 5:7	Our fathers have sinned, and are not; and we have borne their iniquities.	
Lamentations 5:8	Servants have ruled over us: there is none that doth deliver us out of their hand.	
Leviticus 10:12	And Moses spake unto Aaron, and unto Eleazar and unto Ithamar, his sons that were left, Take the meat offering that remaineth of the offerings of the LORD made by fire, and eat it without leaven beside the altar: for it is most holy:	
Leviticus 10:13	And ye shall eat it in the holy place, because it is thy due, and thy sons' due, of the sacrifices of the LORD made by fire: for so I am commanded.	
Leviticus 10:16	And Moses diligently sought the goat of the sin offering, and, behold, it was burnt: and he was angry with Eleazar and Ithamar, the sons of Aaron which were left alive, saying,	
Leviticus 10:17	Wherefore have ye not eaten the sin offering in the holy place, seeing it is most holy, and God hath given it you to bear the iniquity of the congregation, to make atonement for them before the LORD?	
Leviticus 10:19	And Aaron said unto Moses, Behold, this day have they offered their sin offering and their burnt offering before the LORD; and such things have befallen me: and if I had eaten the sin offering to day, should it have been accepted in the sight of the LORD?	
Leviticus 10:20	And when Moses heard that, he was content.	
Leviticus 10:7	And ye shall not go out from the door of the tabernacle of the congregation, lest ye die: for the anointing oil of the LORD is upon you. And they did according to the word of Moses.	
Leviticus 10:9	Do not drink wine nor strong drink, thou, nor thy sons with thee, when ye go into the tabernacle of the congregation, lest ye die: it shall be a statute for ever throughout your generations:	
Leviticus 11:18	And the swan, and the pelican, and the gier eagle,	
Leviticus 11:20	All fowls that creep, going upon all four, shall be an abomination unto you.	
Leviticus 11:21	Yet these may ye eat of every flying creeping thing that goeth upon all four, which have legs above their feet, to leap withal upon the earth;	
Leviticus 11:25	And whosoever beareth ought of the carcass of them shall wash his clothes, and be unclean until the even.	
Leviticus 11:32	And upon whatsoever any of them, when they are dead, doth fall, it shall be unclean; whether it be any vessel of wood, or raiment, or skin, or sack, whatsoever vessel it be, wherein any work is done, it must be put into water, and it shall be unclean until the even; so it shall be cleansed.	
Leviticus 11:39	And if any beast, of which ye may eat, die; he that toucheth the carcass thereof shall be unclean until the even.	
Leviticus 11:40	And he that eateth of the carcass of it shall wash his clothes, and be unclean until the even: he also that beareth the carcass of it shall wash his clothes, and be unclean until the even.	
Leviticus 11:46	This is the law of the beasts, and of the fowl, and of every living creature that moveth in the waters, and of every creature that creepeth upon the earth:	
Leviticus 11:6	And the hare, because he cheweth the cud, but divideth not the hoof; he is unclean unto you.	
Leviticus 11:7	And the swine, though he divide the hoof, and be cloven-footed, yet he cheweth not the cud; he is unclean to you.	
Leviticus 12:1	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,	
Leviticus 12:2	Speak unto the children of Israel, saying, If a woman have conceived seed, and born a man child: then she shall be unclean seven days; according to the days of the separation for her infirmity shall she be unclean.	
Leviticus 13:10	And the priest shall see him: and, behold, if the rising be white in the skin, and it have turned the hair white, and there be quick raw flesh in the rising;	
Leviticus 13:14	But when raw flesh appeareth in him, he shall be unclean.	
Leviticus 13:18	The flesh also, in which, even in the skin thereof, was a boil, and is healed,	
Leviticus 13:2	When a man shall have in the skin of his flesh a rising, a scab, or bright spot, and it be in the skin of his flesh like the plague of leprosy; then he shall be brought unto Aaron the priest, or unto one of his sons the priests:	
Leviticus 13:23	But if the bright spot stay in his place, and spread not, it is a burning boil; and the priest shall pronounce him clean.	
Leviticus 13:24	Or if there be any flesh, in the skin whereof there is a hot burning, and the quick flesh that burneth have a white bright spot, somewhat reddish, or white;	
Leviticus 13:32	And in the seventh day the priest shall look on the plague: and, behold, if the scall spread not, and there be in it no yellow hair, and the scall be not in sight deeper than the skin;	
Leviticus 13:33	He shall be shaven, but the scall shall he not shave; and the priest shall shut up him that hath the scall seven days more:	
Leviticus 13:36	Then the priest shall look on him: and, behold, if the scall be spread in the skin, the priest shall not seek for yellow hair; he is unclean.	
Leviticus 13:37	But if the scall be in his sight at a stay, and that there is black hair grown up therein; the scall is healed, he is clean: and the priest shall pronounce him clean.	
Leviticus 13:4	If the bright spot be white in the skin of his flesh, and in sight be not deeper than the skin, and the hair thereof be not turned white; then the priest shall shut up him that hath the plague seven days:	
Leviticus 13:41	And he that hath his hair fallen off from the part of his head toward his face, he is forehead bald: yet is he clean.	
Leviticus 13:43	Then the priest shall look upon it: and, behold, if the rising of the sore be white reddish in his bald head, or in his bald forehead, as the leprosy appeareth in the skin of the flesh;	
Leviticus 13:44	He is a leprous man, he is unclean: the priest shall pronounce him utterly unclean; his plague is in his head.	
Leviticus 13:49	And if the plague be greenish or reddish in the garment, or in the skin, either in the warp, or in the woof, or in any thing of skin; it is a plague of leprosy, and shall be showed unto the priest:	
Leviticus 13:56	And if the priest look, and, behold, the plague be somewhat dark after the washing of it; then he shall rend it out of the garment, or out of the skin, or out of the warp, or out of the woof:	
Leviticus 13:58	And the garment, either warp, or woof, or whatsoever thing of skin it be, which thou shalt wash, if the plague be departed from them, then it shall be washed the second time, and shall be clean.	
Leviticus 13:8	And if the priest see that, behold, the scab spreadeth in the skin, then the priest shall pronounce him unclean: it is a leprosy.	
Leviticus 14:13	And he shall slay the lamb in the place where he shall kill the sin offering and the burnt offering, in the holy place: for as the sin offering is the priest's, so is the trespass offering: it is most holy:	
Leviticus 14:14	And the priest shall take some of the blood of the trespass offering, and the priest shall put it upon the tip of the right ear of him that is to be cleansed, and upon the thumb of his right hand, and upon the great toe of his right foot:	
Leviticus 14:16	And the priest shall dip his right finger in the oil that is in his left hand, and shall sprinkle of the oil with his finger seven times before the LORD:	
Leviticus 14:22	And two turtledoves, or two young pigeons, such as he is able to get; and the one shall be a sin offering, and the other a burnt offering.	
Leviticus 14:3	And the priest shall go forth out of the camp; and the priest shall look, and, behold, if the plague of leprosy be healed in the leper;	
Leviticus 14:31	Even such as he is able to get, the one for a sin offering, and the other for a burnt offering, with the meat offering: and the priest shall make an atonement for him that is to be cleansed before the LORD.	
Leviticus 14:35	And he that owneth the house shall come and tell the priest, saying, It seemeth to me there is as it were a plague in the house:	
Leviticus 14:36	Then the priest shall command that they empty the house, before the priest go into it to see the plague, that all that is in the house be not made unclean: and afterward the priest shall go in to see the house:	
Leviticus 14:37	And he shall look on the plague, and, behold, if the plague be in the walls of the house with hollow streaks, greenish or reddish, which in sight are lower than the wall;	
Leviticus 14:40	Then the priest shall command that they take away the stones in which the plague is, and they shall cast them into an unclean place without the city:	
Leviticus 14:55	And for the leprosy of a garment, and of a house,	
Leviticus 15:14	And on the eighth day he shall take to him two turtledoves, or two young pigeons, and come before the LORD unto the door of the tabernacle of the congregation, and give them unto the priest:	
Leviticus 15:19	And if a woman have an issue, and her issue in her flesh be blood, she shall be put apart seven days: and whosoever toucheth her shall be unclean until the even.	
Leviticus 15:20	And every thing that she lieth upon in her separation shall be unclean: every thing also that she sitteth upon shall be unclean.	
Leviticus 15:21	And whosoever toucheth her bed shall wash his clothes, and bathe himself in water, and be unclean until the even.	
Leviticus 15:22	And whosoever toucheth any thing that she sat upon shall wash his clothes, and bathe himself in water, and be unclean until the even.	
Leviticus 15:24	And if any man lie with her at all, and her flowers be upon him, he shall be unclean seven days; and all the bed whereon he lieth shall be unclean.	
Leviticus 15:27	And whosoever toucheth those things shall be unclean, and shall wash his clothes, and bathe himself in water, and be unclean until the even.	
Leviticus 15:31	Thus shall ye separate the children of Israel from their uncleanness; that they die not in their uncleanness, when they defile my tabernacle that is among them.	
Leviticus 15:7	And he that toucheth the flesh of him that hath the issue shall wash his clothes, and bathe himself in water, and be unclean until the even.	
Leviticus 15:9	And what saddle soever he rideth upon that hath the issue shall be unclean.	
Leviticus 16:10	But the goat, on which the lot fell to be the scapegoat, shall be presented alive before the LORD, to make an atonement with him, and to let him go for a scapegoat into the wilderness.	
Leviticus 16:12	And he shall take a censer full of burning coals of fire from off the altar before the LORD, and his hands full of sweet incense beaten small, and bring it within the vail:	
Leviticus 16:14	And he shall take of the blood of the bullock, and sprinkle it with his finger upon the mercy seat eastward; and before the mercy seat shall he sprinkle of the blood with his finger seven times.	
Leviticus 16:31	It shall be a sabbath of rest unto you, and ye shall afflict your souls, by a statute for ever.	
Leviticus 16:4	He shall put on the holy linen coat, and he shall have the linen breeches upon his flesh, and shall be girded with a linen girdle, and with the linen mitre shall he be attired: these are holy garments; therefore shall he wash his flesh in water, and so put them on.	
Leviticus 16:6	And Aaron shall offer his bullock of the sin offering, which is for himself, and make an atonement for himself, and for his house.	
Leviticus 17:13	And whatsoever man there be of the children of Israel, or of the strangers that sojourn among you, which hunteth and catcheth any beast or fowl that may be eaten; he shall even pour out the blood thereof, and cover it with dust.	
Leviticus 17:2	Speak unto Aaron, and unto his sons, and unto all the children of Israel, and say unto them; This is the thing which the LORD hath commanded, saying,	
Leviticus 17:7	And they shall no more offer their sacrifices unto devils, after whom they have gone a whoring. This shall be a statute for ever unto them throughout their generations.	
Leviticus 18:14	Thou shalt not uncover the nakedness of thy father's brother, thou shalt not approach to his wife: she is thine aunt.	
Leviticus 18:21	And thou shalt not let any of thy seed pass through the fire to Molech, neither shalt thou profane the name of thy God: I am the LORD.	
Leviticus 18:27	(For all these abominations have the men of the land done, which were before you, and the land is defiled;)	
Leviticus 18:28	That the land spue not you out also, when ye defile it, as it spued out the nations that were before you.	
Leviticus 18:6	None of you shall approach to any that is near of kin to him, to uncover their nakedness: I am the LORD.	
Leviticus 19:14	Thou shalt not curse the deaf, nor put a stumbling-block before the blind, but shalt fear thy God: I am the LORD.	
Leviticus 19:16	Thou shalt not go up and down as a talebearer among thy people: neither shalt thou stand against the blood of thy neighbor; I am the LORD.	
Leviticus 19:18	Thou shalt not avenge, nor bear any grudge against the children of thy people, but thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself: I am the LORD.	
Leviticus 19:20	And whosoever lieth carnally with a woman, that is a bondmaid, betrothed to an husband, and not at all redeemed, nor freedom given her; she shall be scourged; they shall not be put to death, because she was not free.	
Leviticus 19:22	And the priest shall make an atonement for him with the ram of the trespass offering before the LORD for his sin which he hath done: and the sin which he hath done shall be forgiven him.	
Leviticus 19:31	Regard not them that have familiar spirits, neither seek after wizards, to be defiled by them: I am the LORD your God.	
Leviticus 19:34	But the stranger that dwelleth with you shall be unto you as one born among you, and thou shalt love him as thyself; for ye were strangers in the land of Egypt: I am the LORD your God.	
Leviticus 1:11	And he shall kill it on the side of the altar northward before the LORD: and the priests, Aaron's sons, shall sprinkle his blood round about upon the altar.	
Leviticus 1:9	But his inwards and his legs shall he wash in water: and the priest shall burn all on the altar, to be a burnt sacrifice, an offering made by fire, of a sweet savor unto the LORD.	
Leviticus 20:10	And the man that committeth adultery with another man's wife, even he that committeth adultery with his neighbor's wife, the adulterer and the adulteress shall surely be put to death.	
Leviticus 20:11	And the man that lieth with his father's wife hath uncovered his father's nakedness: both of them shall surely be put to death; their blood shall be upon them.	
Leviticus 20:14	And if a man take a wife and her mother, it is wickedness: they shall be burnt with fire, both he and they; that there be no wickedness among you.	
Leviticus 20:20	And if a man shall lie with his uncle's wife, he hath uncovered his uncle's nakedness: they shall bear their sin; they shall die childless.	
Leviticus 20:22	Ye shall therefore keep all my statutes, and all my judgments, and do them: that the land, whither I bring you to dwell therein, spue you not out.	
Leviticus 20:23	And ye shall not walk in the manners of the nation, which I cast out before you: for they committed all these things, and therefore I abhorred them.	
Leviticus 20:3	And I will set my face against that man, and will cut him off from among his people; because he hath given of his seed unto Molech, to defile my sanctuary, and to profane my holy name.	
Leviticus 20:6	And the soul that turneth after such as have familiar spirits, and after wizards, to go a whoring after them, I will even set my face against that soul, and will cut him off from among his people.	
Leviticus 20:8	And ye shall keep my statutes, and do them: I am the LORD which sanctify you.	
Leviticus 20:9	For every one that curseth his father or his mother shall be surely put to death: he hath cursed his father or his mother; his blood shall be upon him.	
Leviticus 21:2	But for his kin, that is near unto him, that is, for his mother, and for his father, and for his son, and for his daughter, and for his brother.	
Leviticus 21:20	Or crookbacked, or a dwarf, or that hath a blemish in his eye, or be scurvy, or scabbed, or hath his stones broken;	
Leviticus 22:11	But if the priest buy any soul with his money, he shall eat of it, and he that is born in his house: they shall eat of his meat.	
Leviticus 22:18	Speak unto Aaron, and to his sons, and unto all the children of Israel, and say unto them, Whatsoever he be of the house of Israel, or of the strangers in Israel, that will offer his oblation for all his vows, and for all his freewill offerings, which they will offer unto the LORD for a burnt offering;	
Leviticus 22:22	Blind, or broken, or maimed, or having a wen, or scurvy, or scabbed, ye shall not offer these unto the LORD, nor make an offering by fire of them upon the altar unto the LORD.	
Leviticus 22:25	Neither from a stranger's hand shall ye offer the bread of your God of any of these; because their corruption is in them, and blemishes be in them: they shall not be accepted for you.	
Leviticus 22:26	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,	
Leviticus 22:28	And whether it be cow, or ewe, ye shall not kill it and her young both in one day.	
Leviticus 22:29	And when ye will offer a sacrifice of thanksgiving unto the LORD, offer it at your own will.	
Leviticus 22:30	On the same day it shall be eaten up; ye shall leave none of it until the morrow: I am the LORD.	
Leviticus 22:32	Neither shall ye profane my holy name; but I will be hallowed among the children of Israel: I am the LORD which hallow you,	
Leviticus 22:5	Or whosoever toucheth any creeping thing, whereby he may be made unclean, or a man of whom he may take uncleanness, whatsoever uncleanness he hath;	
Leviticus 23:1	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,	
Leviticus 23:10	Speak unto the children of Israel, and say unto them, When ye be come into the land which I give unto you, and shall reap the harvest thereof, then ye shall bring a sheaf of the firstfruits of your harvest unto the priest:	
Leviticus 23:14	And ye shall eat neither bread, nor parched corn, nor green ears, until the selfsame day that ye have brought an offering unto your God: it shall be a statute for ever throughout your generations in all your dwellings.	
Leviticus 23:17	Ye shall bring out of your habitations two wave loaves of two tenth deals; they shall be of fine flour; they shall be baked with leaven; they are the firstfruits unto the LORD.	
Leviticus 23:19	Then ye shall sacrifice one kid of the goats for a sin offering, and two lambs of the first year for a sacrifice of peace offerings.	
Leviticus 23:2	Speak unto the children of Israel, and say unto them, Concerning the feasts of the LORD, which ye shall proclaim to be holy convocations, even these are my feasts.	
Leviticus 23:23	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,	
Leviticus 23:28	And ye shall do no work in that same day: for it is a day of atonement, to make an atonement for you before the LORD your God.	
Leviticus 23:29	For whatsoever soul it be that shall not be afflicted in that same day, he shall be cut off from among his people.	
Leviticus 23:36	Seven days ye shall offer an offering made by fire unto the LORD: on the eighth day shall be an holy convocation unto you; and ye shall offer an offering made by fire unto the LORD: it is a solemn assembly; and ye shall do no servile work therein.	
Leviticus 23:4	These are the feasts of the LORD, even holy convocations, which ye shall proclaim in their seasons.	
Leviticus 23:43	That your generations may know that I made the children of Israel to dwell in booths, when I brought them out of the land of Egypt: I am the LORD your God.	
Leviticus 23:9	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,	
Leviticus 24:12	And they put him in ward, that the mind of the LORD might be showed them.	
Leviticus 24:13	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,	
Leviticus 24:17	And he that killeth any man shall surely be put to death.	
Leviticus 24:2	Command the children of Israel, that they bring unto thee pure oil olive beaten for the light, to cause the lamps to burn continually.	
Leviticus 24:23	And Moses spake to the children of Israel, that they should bring forth him that had cursed out of the camp, and stone him with stones. And the children of Israel did as the LORD commanded Moses.	
Leviticus 24:8	Every sabbath he shall set it in order before the LORD continually, being taken from the children of Israel by an everlasting covenant.	
Leviticus 25:1	And the LORD spake unto Moses in mount Sinai, saying,	
Leviticus 25:10	And ye shall hallow the fiftieth year, and proclaim liberty throughout all the land unto all the inhabitants thereof: it shall be a jubilee unto you; and ye shall return every man unto his possession, and ye shall return every man unto his family.	
Leviticus 25:14	And if thou sell ought unto thy neighbor, or buyest ought of thy neighbor's hand, ye shall not oppress one another:	
Leviticus 25:26	And if the man have none to redeem it, and himself be able to redeem it;	
Leviticus 25:27	Then let him count the years of the sale thereof, and restore the overplus unto the man to whom he sold it; that he may return unto his possession.	
Leviticus 25:28	But if he be not able to restore it to him, then that which is sold shall remain in the hand of him that hath bought it until the year of jubilee: and in the jubilee it shall go out, and he shall return unto his possession.	
Leviticus 25:43	Thou shalt not rule over him with rigor; but shalt fear thy God.	
Leviticus 25:46	And ye shall take them as an inheritance for your children after you, to inherit them for a possession; they shall be your bondmen for ever: but over your brethren the children of Israel, ye shall not rule one over another with rigor.	
Leviticus 25:49	Either his uncle, or his uncle's son, may redeem him, or any that is nigh of kin unto him of his family may redeem him; or if he be able, he may redeem himself.	
Leviticus 25:51	If there be yet many years behind, according unto them he shall give again the price of his redemption out of the money that he was bought for.	
Leviticus 25:7	And for thy cattle, and for the beast that are in thy land, shall all the increase thereof be meat.	
Leviticus 26:1	Ye shall make you no idols nor graven image, neither rear you up a standing image, neither shall ye set up any image of stone in your land, to bow down unto it: for I am the LORD your God.	
Leviticus 26:18	And if ye will not yet for all this hearken unto me, then I will punish you seven times more for your sins.	
Leviticus 26:22	I will also send wild beasts among you, which shall rob you of your children, and destroy your cattle, and make you few in number; and your high ways shall be desolate.	
Leviticus 26:25	And I will bring a sword upon you, that shall avenge the quarrel of my covenant: and when ye are gathered together within your cities, I will send the pestilence among you; and ye shall be delivered into the hand of the enemy.	
Leviticus 26:26	And when I have broken the staff of your bread, ten women shall bake your bread in one oven, and they shall deliver you your bread again by weight: and ye shall eat, and not be satisfied.	
Leviticus 26:33	And I will scatter you among the heathen, and will draw out a sword after you: and your land shall be desolate, and your cities waste.	
Leviticus 26:34	Then shall the land enjoy her sabbaths, as long as it lieth desolate, and ye be in your enemies' land; even then shall the land rest, and enjoy her sabbaths.	
Leviticus 26:4	Then I will give you rain in due season, and the land shall yield her increase, and the trees of the field shall yield their fruit.	
Leviticus 26:42	Then will I remember my covenant with Jacob, and also my covenant with Isaac, and also my covenant with Abraham will I remember; and I will remember the land.	
Leviticus 26:8	And five of you shall chase an hundred, and an hundred of you shall put ten thousand to flight: and your enemies shall fall before you by the sword.	
Leviticus 27:1	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,	
Leviticus 27:12	And the priest shall value it, whether it be good or bad: as thou valuest it, who art the priest, so shall it be.	
Leviticus 27:17	If he sanctify his field from the year of jubilee, according to thy estimation it shall stand.	
Leviticus 27:21	But the field, when it goeth out in the jubilee, shall be holy unto the LORD, as a field devoted; the possession thereof shall be the priest's.	
Leviticus 27:24	In the year of the jubilee the field shall return unto him of whom it was bought, even to him to whom the possession of the land did belong.	
Leviticus 27:32	And concerning the tithe of the herd, or of the flock, even of whatsoever passeth under the rod, the tenth shall be holy unto the LORD.	
Leviticus 27:4	And if it be a female, then thy estimation shall be thirty shekels.	
Leviticus 27:7	And if it be from sixty years old and above; if it be a male, then thy estimation shall be fifteen shekels, and for the female ten shekels.	
Leviticus 27:9	And if it be a beast, whereof men bring an offering unto the LORD, all that any man giveth of such unto the LORD shall be holy.	
Leviticus 2:12	As for the oblation of the firstfruits, ye shall offer them unto the LORD: but they shall not be burnt on the altar for a sweet savor.	
Leviticus 2:13	And every oblation of thy meat offering shalt thou season with salt; neither shalt thou suffer the salt of the covenant of thy God to be lacking from thy meat offering: with all thine offerings thou shalt offer salt.	
Leviticus 2:15	And thou shalt put oil upon it, and lay frankincense thereon: it is a meat offering.	
Leviticus 2:5	And if thy oblation be a meat offering baked in a pan, it shall be of fine flour unleavened, mingled with oil.	
Leviticus 2:6	Thou shalt part it in pieces, and pour oil thereon: it is a meat offering.	
Leviticus 2:8	And thou shalt bring the meat offering that is made of these things unto the LORD: and when it is presented unto the priest, he shall bring it unto the altar.	
Leviticus 3:10	And the two kidneys, and the fat that is upon them, which is by the flanks, and the caul above the liver, with the kidneys, it shall he take away.	
Leviticus 3:11	And the priest shall burn it upon the altar: it is the food of the offering made by fire unto the LORD.	
Leviticus 3:12	And if his offering be a goat, then he shall offer it before the LORD.	
Leviticus 3:13	And he shall lay his hand upon the head of it, and kill it before the tabernacle of the congregation: and the sons of Aaron shall sprinkle the blood thereof upon the altar round about.	
Leviticus 3:14	And he shall offer thereof his offering, even an offering made by fire unto the LORD; the fat that covereth the inwards, and all the fat that is upon the inwards,	
Leviticus 3:16	And the priest shall burn them upon the altar: it is the food of the offering made by fire for a sweet savor: all the fat is the LORD's.	
Leviticus 3:17	It shall be a perpetual statute for your generations throughout all your dwellings, that ye eat neither fat nor blood.	
Leviticus 3:5	And Aaron's sons shall burn it on the altar upon the burnt sacrifice, which is upon the wood that is on the fire: it is an offering made by fire, of a sweet savor unto the LORD.	
Leviticus 3:9	And he shall offer of the sacrifice of the peace offering an offering made by fire unto the LORD; the fat thereof, and the whole rump, it shall he take off hard by the backbone; and the fat that covereth the inwards, and all the fat that is upon the inwards,	
Leviticus 4:10	As it was taken off from the bullock of the sacrifice of peace offerings: and the priest shall burn them upon the altar of the burnt offering.	
Leviticus 4:11	And the skin of the bullock, and all his flesh, with his head, and with his legs, and his inwards, and his dung,	
Leviticus 4:19	And he shall take all his fat from him, and burn it upon the altar.	
Leviticus 4:31	And he shall take away all the fat thereof, as the fat is taken away from off the sacrifice of peace offerings; and the priest shall burn it upon the altar for a sweet savor unto the LORD; and the priest shall make an atonement for him, and it shall be forgiven him.	
Leviticus 4:33	And he shall lay his hand upon the head of the sin offering, and slay it for a sin offering in the place where they kill the burnt offering.	
Leviticus 4:34	And the priest shall take of the blood of the sin offering with his finger, and put it upon the horns of the altar of burnt offering, and shall pour out all the blood thereof at the bottom of the altar:	
Leviticus 4:4	And he shall bring the bullock unto the door of the tabernacle of the congregation before the LORD; and shall lay his hand upon the bullock's head, and kill the bullock before the LORD.	
Leviticus 4:5	And the priest that is anointed shall take of the bullock's blood, and bring it to the tabernacle of the congregation:	
Leviticus 4:8	And he shall take off from it all the fat of the bullock for the sin offering; the fat that covereth the inwards, and all the fat that is upon the inwards,	
Leviticus 5:14	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,	
Leviticus 5:15	If a soul commit a trespass, and sin through ignorance, in the holy things of the LORD; then he shall bring for his trespass unto the LORD a ram without blemish out of the flocks, with thy estimation by shekels of silver, after the shekel of the sanctuary, for a trespass offering.	
Leviticus 5:16	And he shall make amends for the harm that he hath done in the holy thing, and shall add the fifth part thereto, and give it unto the priest: and the priest shall make an atonement for him with the ram of the trespass offering, and it shall be forgiven him.	
Leviticus 5:17	And if a soul sin, and commit any of these things which are forbidden to be done by the commandments of the LORD; though he wist it not, yet is he guilty, and shall bear his iniquity.	
Leviticus 5:8	And he shall bring them unto the priest, who shall offer that which is for the sin offering first, and wring off his head from his neck, but shall not divide it asunder:	
Leviticus 6:10	And the priest shall put on his linen garment, and his linen breeches shall he put upon his flesh, and take up the ashes which the fire hath consumed with the burnt offering on the altar, and he shall put them beside the altar.	
Leviticus 6:16	And the remainder thereof shall Aaron and his sons eat: with unleavened bread shall it be eaten in the holy place; in the court of the tabernacle of the congregation they shall eat it.	
Leviticus 6:19	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,	
Leviticus 6:20	This is the offering of Aaron and of his sons, which they shall offer unto the LORD in the day when he is anointed; the tenth part of an ephah of fine flour for a meat offering perpetual, half of it in the morning, and half thereof at night.	
Leviticus 6:22	And the priest of his sons that is anointed in his stead shall offer it: it is a statute for ever unto the LORD; it shall be wholly burnt.	
Leviticus 6:3	Or have found that which was lost, and lieth concerning it, and sweareth falsely; in any of all these that a man doeth, sinning therein:	
Leviticus 7:18	And if any of the flesh of the sacrifice of his peace offerings be eaten at all on the third day, it shall not be accepted, neither shall it be imputed unto him that offereth it: it shall be an abomination, and the soul that eateth of it shall bear his iniquity.	
Leviticus 7:2	In the place where they kill the burnt offering shall they kill the trespass offering: and the blood thereof shall he sprinkle round about upon the altar.	
Leviticus 7:3	And he shall offer of it all the fat thereof; the rump, and the fat that covereth the inwards,	
Leviticus 7:32	And the right shoulder shall ye give unto the priest for an heave offering of the sacrifices of your peace offerings.	
Leviticus 7:35	This is the portion of the anointing of Aaron, and of the anointing of his sons, out of the offerings of the LORD made by fire, in the day when he presented them to minister unto the LORD in the priest's office;	
Leviticus 7:37	This is the law of the burnt offering, of the meat offering, and of the sin offering, and of the trespass offering, and of the consecrations, and of the sacrifice of the peace offerings;	
Leviticus 7:7	As the sin offering is, so is the trespass offering: there is one law for them: the priest that maketh atonement therewith shall have it.	
Leviticus 8:10	And Moses took the anointing oil, and anointed the tabernacle and all that was therein, and sanctified them.	
Leviticus 8:2	Take Aaron and his sons with him, and the garments, and the anointing oil, and a bullock for the sin offering, and two rams, and a basket of unleavened bread;	
Leviticus 8:24	And he brought Aaron's sons, and Moses put of the blood upon the tip of their right ear, and upon the thumbs of their right hands, and upon the great toes of their right feet: and Moses sprinkled the blood upon the altar round about.	
Leviticus 8:25	And he took the fat, and the rump, and all the fat that was upon the inwards, and the caul above the liver, and the two kidneys, and their fat, and the right shoulder:	
Leviticus 8:27	And he put all upon Aaron's hands, and upon his sons' hands, and waved them for a wave offering before the LORD.	
Leviticus 8:3	And gather thou all the congregation together unto the door of the tabernacle of the congregation.	
Leviticus 8:30	And Moses took of the anointing oil, and of the blood which was upon the altar, and sprinkled it upon Aaron, and upon his garments, and upon his sons, and upon his sons' garments with him; and sanctified Aaron, and his garments, and his sons, and his sons' garments with him.	
Leviticus 8:32	And that which remaineth of the flesh and of the bread shall ye burn with fire.	
Leviticus 8:34	As he hath done this day, so the LORD hath commanded to do, to make an atonement for you.	
Leviticus 8:5	And Moses said unto the congregation, This is the thing which the LORD commanded to be done.	
Leviticus 9:22	And Aaron lifted up his hand toward the people, and blessed them, and came down from offering of the sin offering, and the burnt offering, and peace offerings.	
Leviticus 9:24	And there came a fire out from before the LORD, and consumed upon the altar the burnt offering and the fat: which when all the people saw, they shouted, and fell on their faces.	
Leviticus 9:7	And Moses said unto Aaron, Go unto the altar, and offer thy sin offering, and thy burnt offering, and make an atonement for thyself, and for the people: and offer the offering of the people, and make an atonement for them; as the LORD commanded.	
Luke 10:1	After these things the LORD appointed other seventy also, and sent them two and two before his face into every city and place, whither he himself would come.	
Luke 10:13	Woe unto thee, Chorazin! woe unto thee, Bethsaida! for if the mighty works had been done in Tyre and Sidon, which have been done in you, they had a great while ago repented, sitting in sackcloth and ashes.	
Luke 10:14	But it shall be more tolerable for Tyre and Sidon at the judgment, than for you.	
Luke 10:24	For I tell you, that many prophets and kings have desired to see those things which ye see, and have not seen them; and to hear those things which ye hear, and have not heard them.	
Luke 10:42	But one thing is needful: and Mary hath chosen that good part, which shall not be taken away from her.	
Luke 10:5	And into whatsoever house ye enter, first say, Peace be to this house.	
Luke 10:6	And if the son of peace be there, your peace shall rest upon it: if not, it shall turn to you again.	
Luke 11:13	If ye then, being evil, know how to give good gifts unto your children: how much more shall your heavenly Father give the Holy Spirit to them that ask him?	
Luke 11:2	And he said unto them, When ye pray, say, Our Father which art in heaven, Hallowed be thy name. Thy kingdom come. Thy will be done, as in heaven, so in earth.	
Luke 11:22	But when a stronger than he shall come upon him, and overcome him, he taketh from him all his armour wherein he trusted, and divideth his spoils.	
Luke 11:23	He that is not with me is against me: and he that gathereth not with me scattereth.	
Luke 11:29	And when the people were gathered thick together, he began to say, This is an evil generation: they seek a sign; and there shall no sign be given it, but the sign of Jonas the prophet.	
Luke 11:34	The light of the body is the eye: therefore when thine eye is single, thy whole body also is full of light; but when thine eye is evil, thy body also is full of darkness.	
Luke 11:35	Take heed therefore that the light which is in thee be not darkness.	
Luke 11:42	But woe unto you, Pharisees! for ye tithe mint and rue and all manner of herbs, and pass over judgment and the love of God: these ought ye to have done, and not to leave the other undone.	
Luke 11:43	Woe unto you, Pharisees! for ye love the uppermost seats in the synagogues, and greetings in the markets.	
Luke 11:45	Then answered one of the lawyers, and said unto him, Master, thus saying thou reproachest us also.	
Luke 11:46	And he said, Woe unto you also, ye lawyers! for ye lade men with burdens grievous to be borne, and ye yourselves touch not the burdens with one of your fingers.	
Luke 11:48	Truly ye bear witness that ye allow the deeds of your fathers: for they indeed killed them, and ye build their sepulchres.	
Luke 11:54	Laying wait for him, and seeking to catch something out of his mouth, that they might accuse him.	
Luke 11:9	And I say unto you, Ask, and it shall be given you; seek, and ye shall find; knock, and it shall be opened unto you.	
Luke 12:10	And whosoever shall speak a word against the Son of man, it shall be forgiven him: but unto him that blasphemeth against the Holy Ghost it shall not be forgiven.	
Luke 12:12	For the Holy Ghost shall teach you in the same hour what ye ought to say.	
Luke 12:15	And he said unto them, Take heed, and beware of covetousness: for a man's life consisteth not in the abundance of the things which he possesseth.	
Luke 12:19	And I will say to my soul, Soul, thou hast much goods laid up for many years; take thine ease, eat, drink, and be merry.	
Luke 12:22	And he said unto his disciples, Therefore I say unto you, Take no thought for your life, what ye shall eat; neither for the body, what ye shall put on.	
Luke 12:23	The life is more than meat, and the body is more than raiment.	
Luke 12:27	Consider the lilies how they grow: they toil not, they spin not; and yet I say unto you, that Solomon in all his glory was not arrayed like one of these.	
Luke 12:28	If then God so clothe the grass, which is to day in the field, and to morrow is cast into the oven; how much more will he clothe you, O ye of little faith?	
Luke 12:31	But rather seek ye the kingdom of God; and all these things shall be added unto you.	
Luke 12:35	Let your loins be girded about, and your lights burning;	
Luke 12:38	And if he shall come in the second watch, or come in the third watch, and find them so, blessed are those servants.	
Luke 12:4	And I say unto you my friends, Be not afraid of them that kill the body, and after that have no more that they can do.	
Luke 12:41	Then Peter said unto him, Lord, speakest thou this parable unto us, or even to all?	
Luke 12:42	And the Lord said, Who then is that faithful and wise steward, whom his lord shall make ruler over his household, to give them their portion of meat in due season?	
Luke 12:49	I am come to send fire on the earth; and what will I, if it be already kindled?	
Luke 12:5	But I will forewarn you whom ye shall fear: Fear him, which after he hath killed hath power to cast into hell; yea, I say unto you, Fear him.	
Luke 12:51	Suppose ye that I am come to give peace on earth? I tell you, Nay; but rather division:	
Luke 12:54	And he said also to the people, When ye see a cloud rise out of the west, straightway ye say, There cometh a shower; and so it is.	
Luke 12:57	Yea, and why even of yourselves judge ye not what is right?	
Luke 12:59	I tell thee, thou shalt not depart thence, till thou hast paid the very last mite.	
Luke 12:9	But he that denieth me before men shall be denied before the angels of God.	
Luke 13:11	And, behold, there was a woman which had a spirit of infirmity eighteen years, and was bowed together, and could in no wise lift up herself.	
Luke 13:17	And when he had said these things, all his adversaries were ashamed: and all the people rejoiced for all the glorious things that were done by him.	
Luke 13:2	And Jesus answering said unto them, Suppose ye that these Galilaeans were sinners above all the Galilaeans, because they suffered such things?	
Luke 13:22	And he went through the cities and villages, teaching, and journeying toward Jerusalem.	
Luke 13:26	Then shall ye begin to say, We have eaten and drunk in thy presence, and thou hast taught in our streets.	
Luke 13:29	And they shall come from the east, and from the west, and from the north, and from the south, and shall sit down in the kingdom of God.	
Luke 13:9	And if it bear fruit, well: and if not, then after that thou shalt cut it down.	
Luke 14:17	And sent his servant at supper time to say to them that were bidden, Come; for all things are now ready.	
Luke 14:19	And another said, I have bought five yoke of oxen, and I go to prove them: I pray thee have me excused.	
Luke 14:23	And the lord said unto the servant, Go out into the highways and hedges, and compel them to come in, that my house may be filled.	
Luke 14:25	And there went great multitudes with him: and he turned, and said unto them,	
Luke 14:29	Lest haply, after he hath laid the foundation, and is not able to finish it, all that behold it begin to mock him,	
Luke 14:34	Salt is good: but if the salt have lost his savour, wherewith shall it be seasoned?	
Luke 15:10	Likewise, I say unto you, there is joy in the presence of the angels of God over one sinner that repenteth.	
Luke 15:11	And he said, A certain man had two sons:	
Luke 15:18	I will arise and go to my father, and will say unto him, Father, I have sinned against heaven, and before thee,	
Luke 15:20	And he arose, and came to his father. But when he was yet a great way off, his father saw him, and had compassion, and ran, and fell on his neck, and kissed him.	
Luke 15:22	But the father said to his servants, Bring forth the best robe, and put it on him; and put a ring on his hand, and shoes on his feet:	
Luke 15:31	And he said unto him, Son, thou art ever with me, and all that I have is thine.	
Luke 15:8	Either what woman having ten pieces of silver, if she lose one piece, doth not light a candle, and sweep the house, and seek diligently till she find it?	
Luke 15:9	And when she hath found it, she calleth her friends and her neighbours together, saying, Rejoice with me; for I have found the piece which I had lost.	
Luke 16:16	The law and the prophets were until John: since that time the kingdom of God is preached, and every man presseth into it.	
Luke 16:31	And he said unto him, If they hear not Moses and the prophets, neither will they be persuaded, though one rose from the dead.	
Luke 16:6	And he said, An hundred measures of oil. And he said unto him, Take thy bill, and sit down quickly, and write fifty.	
Luke 16:8	And the lord commended the unjust steward, because he had done wisely: for the children of this world are in their generation wiser than the children of light.	
Luke 16:9	And I say unto you, Make to yourselves friends of the mammon of unrighteousness; that, when ye fail, they may receive you into everlasting habitations.	
Luke 17:12	And as he entered into a certain village, there met him ten men that were lepers, which stood afar off:	
Luke 17:14	And when he saw them, he said unto them, Go shew yourselves unto the priests. And it came to pass, that, as they went, they were cleansed.	
Luke 17:23	And they shall say to you, See here; or, see there: go not after them, nor follow them.	
Luke 17:25	But first must he suffer many things, and be rejected of this generation.	
Luke 17:26	And as it was in the days of Noe, so shall it be also in the days of the Son of man.	
Luke 17:31	In that day, he which shall be upon the housetop, and his stuff in the house, let him not come down to take it away: and he that is in the field, let him likewise not return back.	
Luke 17:32	Remember Lot's wife.	
Luke 17:33	Whosoever shall seek to save his life shall lose it; and whosoever shall lose his life shall preserve it.	
Luke 17:6	And the Lord said, If ye had faith as a grain of mustard seed, ye might say unto this sycamine tree, Be thou plucked up by the root, and be thou planted in the sea; and it should obey you.	
Luke 18:17	Verily I say unto you, Whosoever shall not receive the kingdom of God as a little child shall in no wise enter therein.	
Luke 18:18	And a certain ruler asked him, saying, Good Master, what shall I do to inherit eternal life?	
Luke 18:19	And Jesus said unto him, Why callest thou me good? none is good, save one, that is, God.	
Luke 18:21	And he said, All these have I kept from my youth up.	
Luke 18:3	And there was a widow in that city; and she came unto him, saying, Avenge me of mine adversary.	
Luke 18:36	And hearing the multitude pass by, he asked what it meant.	
Luke 18:38	And he cried, saying, Jesus, thou son of David, have mercy on me.	
Luke 18:39	And they which went before rebuked him, that he should hold his peace: but he cried so much the more, Thou son of David, have mercy on me.	
Luke 18:4	And he would not for a while: but afterward he said within himself, Though I fear not God, nor regard man;	
Luke 18:41	Saying, What wilt thou that I shall do unto thee? And he said, Lord, that I may receive my sight.	
Luke 18:43	And immediately he received his sight, and followed him, glorifying God: and all the people, when they saw it, gave praise unto God.	
Luke 18:8	I tell you that he will avenge them speedily. Nevertheless when the Son of man cometh, shall he find faith on the earth?	
Luke 19:14	But his citizens hated him, and sent a message after him, saying, We will not have this man to reign over us.	
Luke 19:18	And the second came, saying, Lord, thy pound hath gained five pounds.	
Luke 19:24	And he said unto them that stood by, Take from him the pound, and give it to him that hath ten pounds.	
Luke 19:30	Saying, Go ye into the village over against you; in the which at your entering ye shall find a colt tied, whereon yet never man sat: loose him, and bring him hither.	
Luke 19:37	And when he was come nigh, even now at the descent of the mount of Olives, the whole multitude of the disciples began to rejoice and praise God with a loud voice for all the mighty works that they had seen;	
Luke 19:38	Saying, Blessed be the King that cometh in the name of the Lord: peace in heaven, and glory in the highest.	
Luke 19:46	Saying unto them, It is written, My house is the house of prayer: but ye have made it a den of thieves.	
Luke 1:11	And there appeared unto him an angel of the Lord standing on the right side of the altar of incense.	
Luke 1:19	And the angel answering said unto him, I am Gabriel, that stand in the presence of God; and am sent to speak unto thee, and to shew thee these glad tidings.	
Luke 1:23	And it came to pass, that, as soon as the days of his ministration were accomplished, he departed to his own house.	
Luke 1:28	And the angel came in unto her, and said, Hail, thou that art highly favoured, the Lord is with thee: blessed art thou among women.	
Luke 1:29	And when she saw him, she was troubled at his saying, and cast in her mind what manner of salutation this should be.	
Luke 1:31	And, behold, thou shalt conceive in thy womb, and bring forth a son, and shalt call his name JESUS.	
Luke 1:41	And it came to pass, that, when Elisabeth heard the salutation of Mary, the babe leaped in her womb; and Elisabeth was filled with the Holy Ghost:	
Luke 1:43	And whence is this to me, that the mother of my Lord should come to me?	
Luke 1:45	And blessed is she that believed: for there shall be a performance of those things which were told her from the Lord.	
Luke 1:47	And my spirit hath rejoiced in God my Saviour.	
Luke 1:57	Now Elisabeth's full time came that she should be delivered; and she brought forth a son.	
Luke 1:71	That we should be saved from our enemies, and from the hand of all that hate us;	
Luke 1:76	And thou, child, shalt be called the prophet of the Highest: for thou shalt go before the face of the Lord to prepare his ways;	
Luke 1:78	Through the tender mercy of our God; whereby the dayspring from on high hath visited us,	
Luke 20:13	Then said the lord of the vineyard, What shall I do? I will send my beloved son: it may be they will reverence him when they see him.	
Luke 20:14	But when the husbandmen saw him, they reasoned among themselves, saying, This is the heir: come, let us kill him, that the inheritance may be ours.	
Luke 20:22	Is it lawful for us to give tribute unto Caesar, or no?	
Luke 20:26	And they could not take hold of his words before the people: and they marvelled at his answer, and held their peace.	
Luke 20:29	There were therefore seven brethren: and the first took a wife, and died without children.	
Luke 20:30	And the second took her to wife, and he died childless.	
Luke 20:34	And Jesus answering said unto them, The children of this world marry, and are given in marriage:	
Luke 20:36	Neither can they die any more: for they are equal unto the angels; and are the children of God, being the children of the resurrection.	
Luke 20:41	And he said unto them, How say they that Christ is David's son?	
Luke 20:42	And David himself saith in the book of Psalms, The LORD said unto my Lord, Sit thou on my right hand,	
Luke 20:45	Then in the audience of all the people he said unto his disciples,	
Luke 20:46	Beware of the scribes, which desire to walk in long robes, and love greetings in the markets, and the highest seats in the synagogues, and the chief rooms at feasts;	
Luke 20:9	Then began he to speak to the people this parable; A certain man planted a vineyard, and let it forth to husbandmen, and went into a far country for a long time.	
Luke 21:1	And he looked up, and saw the rich men casting their gifts into the treasury.	
Luke 21:16	And ye shall be betrayed both by parents, and brethren, and kinsfolks, and friends; and some of you shall they cause to be put to death.	
Luke 21:23	But woe unto them that are with child, and to them that give suck, in those days! for there shall be great distress in the land, and wrath upon this people.	
Luke 21:24	And they shall fall by the edge of the sword, and shall be led away captive into all nations: and Jerusalem shall be trodden down of the Gentiles, until the times of the Gentiles be fulfilled.	
Luke 21:3	And he said, Of a truth I say unto you, that this poor widow hath cast in more than they all:	
Luke 21:33	Heaven and earth shall pass away: but my words shall not pass away.	
Luke 21:36	Watch ye therefore, and pray always, that ye may be accounted worthy to escape all these things that shall come to pass, and to stand before the Son of man.	
Luke 21:8	And he said, Take heed that ye be not deceived: for many shall come in my name, saying, I am Christ; and the time draweth near: go ye not therefore after them.	
Luke 21:9	But when ye shall hear of wars and commotions, be not terrified: for these things must first come to pass; but the end is not by and by.	
Luke 22:17	And he took the cup, and gave thanks, and said, Take this, and divide it among yourselves:	
Luke 22:21	But, behold, the hand of him that betrayeth me is with me on the table.	
Luke 22:22	And truly the Son of man goeth, as it was determined: but woe unto that man by whom he is betrayed!	
Luke 22:27	For whether is greater, he that sitteth at meat, or he that serveth? is not he that sitteth at meat? but I am among you as he that serveth.	
Luke 22:36	Then said he unto them, But now, he that hath a purse, let him take it, and likewise his scrip: and he that hath no sword, let him sell his garment, and buy one.	
Luke 22:37	For I say unto you, that this that is written must yet be accomplished in me, And he was reckoned among the transgressors: for the things concerning me have an end.	
Luke 22:38	And they said, Lord, behold, here are two swords. And he said unto them, It is enough.	
Luke 22:39	And he came out, and went, as he was wont, to the mount of Olives; and his disciples also followed him.	
Luke 22:45	And when he rose up from prayer, and was come to his disciples, he found them sleeping for sorrow,	
Luke 22:50	And one of them smote the servant of the high priest, and cut off his right ear.	
Luke 22:51	And Jesus answered and said, Suffer ye thus far. And he touched his ear, and healed him.	
Luke 22:55	And when they had kindled a fire in the midst of the hall, and were set down together, Peter sat down among them.	
Luke 22:69	Hereafter shall the Son of man sit on the right hand of the power of God.	
Luke 23:11	And Herod with his men of war set him at nought, and mocked him, and arrayed him in a gorgeous robe, and sent him again to Pilate.	
Luke 23:2	And they began to accuse him, saying, We found this fellow perverting the nation, and forbidding to give tribute to Caesar, saying that he himself is Christ a King.	
Luke 23:23	And they were instant with loud voices, requiring that he might be crucified. And the voices of them and of the chief priests prevailed.	
Luke 23:24	And Pilate gave sentence that it should be as they required.	
Luke 23:36	And the soldiers also mocked him, coming to him, and offering him vinegar,	
Luke 23:37	And saying, If thou be the king of the Jews, save thyself.	
Luke 23:38	And a superscription also was written over him in letters of Greek, and Latin, and Hebrew, THIS IS THE KING OF THE JEWS.	
Luke 23:44	And it was about the sixth hour, and there was a darkness over all the earth until the ninth hour.	
Luke 23:47	Now when the centurion saw what was done, he glorified God, saying, Certainly this was a righteous man.	
Luke 23:5	And they were the more fierce, saying, He stirreth up the people, teaching throughout all Jewry, beginning from Galilee to this place.	
Luke 24:10	It was Mary Magdalene and Joanna, and Mary the mother of James, and other women that were with them, which told these things unto the apostles.	
Luke 24:12	Then arose Peter, and ran unto the sepulchre; and stooping down, he beheld the linen clothes laid by themselves, and departed, wondering in himself at that which was come to pass.	
Luke 24:14	And they talked together of all these things which had happened.	
Luke 24:21	But we trusted that it had been he which should have redeemed Israel: and beside all this, to day is the third day since these things were done.	
Luke 24:23	And when they found not his body, they came, saying, that they had also seen a vision of angels, which said that he was alive.	
Luke 24:29	But they constrained him, saying, Abide with us: for it is toward evening, and the day is far spent. And he went in to tarry with them.	
Luke 24:31	And their eyes were opened, and they knew him; and he vanished out of their sight.	
Luke 24:32	And they said one to another, Did not our heart burn within us, while he talked with us by the way, and while he opened to us the scriptures?	
Luke 24:38	And he said unto them, Why are ye troubled? and why do thoughts arise in your hearts?	
Luke 24:4	And it came to pass, as they were much perplexed thereabout, behold, two men stood by them in shining garments:	
Luke 24:41	And while they yet believed not for joy, and wondered, he said unto them, Have ye here any meat?	
Luke 24:49	And, behold, I send the promise of my Father upon you: but tarry ye in the city of Jerusalem, until ye be endued with power from on high.	
Luke 24:9	And returned from the sepulchre, and told all these things unto the eleven, and to all the rest.	
Luke 2:15	And it came to pass, as the angels were gone away from them into heaven, the shepherds said one to another, Let us now go even unto Bethlehem, and see this thing which is come to pass, which the Lord hath made known unto us.	
Luke 2:16	And they came with haste, and found Mary, and Joseph, and the babe lying in a manger.	
Luke 2:21	And when eight days were accomplished for the circumcising of the child, his name was called JESUS, which was so named of the angel before he was conceived in the womb.	
Luke 2:24	And to offer a sacrifice according to that which is said in the law of the Lord, A pair of turtledoves, or two young pigeons.	
Luke 2:29	Lord, now lettest thou thy servant depart in peace, according to thy word:	
Luke 2:39	And when they had performed all things according to the law of the Lord, they returned into Galilee, to their own city Nazareth.	
Luke 2:42	And when he was twelve years old, they went up to Jerusalem after the custom of the feast.	
Luke 2:46	And it came to pass, that after three days they found him in the temple, sitting in the midst of the doctors, both hearing them, and asking them questions.	
Luke 2:48	And when they saw him, they were amazed: and his mother said unto him, Son, why hast thou thus dealt with us? behold, thy father and I have sought thee sorrowing.	
Luke 2:6	And so it was, that, while they were there, the days were accomplished that she should be delivered.	
Luke 2:9	And, lo, the angel of the Lord came upon them, and the glory of the Lord shone round about them: and they were sore afraid.	
Luke 3:12	Then came also publicans to be baptized, and said unto him, Master, what shall we do?	
Luke 3:15	And as the people were in expectation, and all men mused in their hearts of John, whether he were the Christ, or not;	
Luke 3:2	Annas and Caiaphas being the high priests, the word of God came unto John the son of Zacharias in the wilderness.	
Luke 3:23	And Jesus himself began to be about thirty years of age, being (as was supposed) the son of Joseph, which was the son of Heli,	
Luke 3:30	Which was the son of Simeon, which was the son of Juda, which was the son of Joseph, which was the son of Jonan, which was the son of Eliakim,	
Luke 3:33	Which was the son of Aminadab, which was the son of Aram, which was the son of Esrom, which was the son of Phares, which was the son of Juda,	
Luke 3:36	Which was the son of Cainan, which was the son of Arphaxad, which was the son of Sem, which was the son of Noe, which was the son of Lamech,	
Luke 3:38	Which was the son of Enos, which was the son of Seth, which was the son of Adam, which was the son of God.	
Luke 3:7	Then said he to the multitude that came forth to be baptized of him, O generation of vipers, who hath warned you to flee from the wrath to come?	
Luke 3:8	Bring forth therefore fruits worthy of repentance, and begin not to say within yourselves, We have Abraham to our father: for I say unto you, That God is able of these stones to raise up children unto Abraham.	
Luke 4:26	But unto none of them was Elias sent, save unto Sarepta, a city of Sidon, unto a woman that was a widow.	
Luke 4:3	And the devil said unto him, If thou be the Son of God, command this stone that it be made bread.	
Luke 4:31	And came down to Capernaum, a city of Galilee, and taught them on the sabbath days.	
Luke 4:40	Now when the sun was setting, all they that had any sick with divers diseases brought them unto him; and he laid his hands on every one of them, and healed them.	
Luke 4:5	And the devil, taking him up into an high mountain, shewed unto him all the kingdoms of the world in a moment of time.	
Luke 5:1	And it came to pass, that, as the people pressed upon him to hear the word of God, he stood by the lake of Gennesaret,	
Luke 5:10	And so was also James, and John, the sons of Zebedee, which were partners with Simon. And Jesus said unto Simon, Fear not; from henceforth thou shalt catch men.	
Luke 5:11	And when they had brought their ships to land, they forsook all, and followed him.	
Luke 5:19	And when they could not find by what way they might bring him in because of the multitude, they went upon the housetop, and let him down through the tiling with his couch into the midst before Jesus.	
Luke 5:2	And saw two ships standing by the lake: but the fishermen were gone out of them, and were washing their nets.	
Luke 5:23	Whether is easier, to say, Thy sins be forgiven thee; or to say, Rise up and walk?	
Luke 5:26	And they were all amazed, and they glorified God, and were filled with fear, saying, We have seen strange things to day.	
Luke 5:28	And he left all, rose up, and followed him.	
Luke 5:34	And he said unto them, Can ye make the children of the bridechamber fast, while the bridegroom is with them?	
Luke 5:35	But the days will come, when the bridegroom shall be taken away from them, and then shall they fast in those days.	
Luke 5:5	And Simon answering said unto him, Master, we have toiled all the night, and have taken nothing: nevertheless at thy word I will let down the net.	
Luke 5:7	And they beckoned unto their partners, which were in the other ship, that they should come and help them. And they came, and filled both the ships, so that they began to sink.	
Luke 6:17	And he came down with them, and stood in the plain, and the company of his disciples, and a great multitude of people out of all Judaea and Jerusalem, and from the sea coast of Tyre and Sidon, which came to hear him, and to be healed of their diseases;	
Luke 6:22	Blessed are ye, when men shall hate you, and when they shall separate you from their company, and shall reproach you, and cast out your name as evil, for the Son of man's sake.	
Luke 6:35	But love ye your enemies, and do good, and lend, hoping for nothing again; and your reward shall be great, and ye shall be the children of the Highest: for he is kind unto the unthankful and to the evil.	
Luke 6:36	Be ye therefore merciful, as your Father also is merciful.	
Luke 6:45	A good man out of the good treasure of his heart bringeth forth that which is good; and an evil man out of the evil treasure of his heart bringeth forth that which is evil: for of the abundance of the heart his mouth speaketh.	
Luke 6:46	And why call ye me, Lord, Lord, and do not the things which I say?	
Luke 6:47	Whosoever cometh to me, and heareth my sayings, and doeth them, I will shew you to whom he is like:	
Luke 6:9	Then said Jesus unto them, I will ask you one thing; Is it lawful on the sabbath days to do good, or to do evil? to save life, or to destroy it?	
Luke 7:10	And they that were sent, returning to the house, found the servant whole that had been sick.	
Luke 7:14	And he came and touched the bier: and they that bare him stood still. And he said, Young man, I say unto thee, Arise.	
Luke 7:18	And the disciples of John shewed him of all these things.	
Luke 7:29	And all the people that heard him, and the publicans, justified God, being baptized with the baptism of John.	
Luke 7:31	And the Lord said, Whereunto then shall I liken the men of this generation? and to what are they like?	
Luke 7:37	And, behold, a woman in the city, which was a sinner, when she knew that Jesus sat at meat in the Pharisee's house, brought an alabaster box of ointment,	
Luke 7:4	And when they came to Jesus, they besought him instantly, saying, That he was worthy for whom he should do this:	
Luke 7:41	There was a certain creditor which had two debtors: the one owed five hundred pence, and the other fifty.	
Luke 7:43	Simon answered and said, I suppose that he, to whom he forgave most. And he said unto him, Thou hast rightly judged.	
Luke 7:44	And he turned to the woman, and said unto Simon, Seest thou this woman? I entered into thine house, thou gavest me no water for my feet: but she hath washed my feet with tears, and wiped them with the hairs of her head.	
Luke 7:47	Wherefore I say unto thee, Her sins, which are many, are forgiven; for she loved much: but to whom little is forgiven, the same loveth little.	
Luke 7:50	And he said to the woman, Thy faith hath saved thee; go in peace.	
Luke 7:7	Wherefore neither thought I myself worthy to come unto thee: but say in a word, and my servant shall be healed.	
Luke 7:8	For I also am a man set under authority, having under me soldiers, and I say unto one, Go, and he goeth; and to another, Come, and he cometh; and to my servant, Do this, and he doeth it.	
Luke 7:9	When Jesus heard these things, he marvelled at him, and turned him about, and said unto the people that followed him, I say unto you, I have not found so great faith, no, not in Israel.	
Luke 8:13	They on the rock are they, which, when they hear, receive the word with joy; and these have no root, which for a while believe, and in time of temptation fall away.	
Luke 8:17	For nothing is secret, that shall not be made manifest; neither any thing hid, that shall not be known and come abroad.	
Luke 8:18	Take heed therefore how ye hear: for whosoever hath, to him shall be given; and whosoever hath not, from him shall be taken even that which he seemeth to have.	
Luke 8:27	And when he went forth to land, there met him out of the city a certain man, which had devils long time, and ware no clothes, neither abode in any house, but in the tombs.	
Luke 8:28	When he saw Jesus, he cried out, and fell down before him, and with a loud voice said, What have I to do with thee, Jesus, thou Son of God most high? I beseech thee, torment me not.	
Luke 8:3	And Joanna the wife of Chuza Herod's steward, and Susanna, and many others, which ministered unto him of their substance.	
Luke 8:34	When they that fed them saw what was done, they fled, and went and told it in the city and in the country.	
Luke 8:35	Then they went out to see what was done; and came to Jesus, and found the man, out of whom the devils were departed, sitting at the feet of Jesus, clothed, and in his right mind: and they were afraid.	
Luke 8:36	They also which saw it told them by what means he that was possessed of the devils was healed.	
Luke 8:41	And, behold, there came a man named Jairus, and he was a ruler of the synagogue: and he fell down at Jesus' feet, and besought him that he would come into his house:	
Luke 8:51	And when he came into the house, he suffered no man to go in, save Peter, and James, and John, and the father and the mother of the maiden.	
Luke 8:52	And all wept, and bewailed her: but he said, Weep not; she is not dead, but sleepeth.	
Luke 8:56	And her parents were astonished: but he charged them that they should tell no man what was done.	
Luke 9:15	And they did so, and made them all sit down.	
Luke 9:16	Then he took the five loaves and the two fishes, and looking up to heaven, he blessed them, and brake, and gave to the disciples to set before the multitude.	
Luke 9:18	And it came to pass, as he was alone praying, his disciples were with him: and he asked them, saying, Whom say the people that I am?	
Luke 9:19	They answering said, John the Baptist; but some say, Elias; and others say, that one of the old prophets is risen again.	
Luke 9:21	And he straitly charged them, and commanded them to tell no man that thing;	
Luke 9:22	Saying, The Son of man must suffer many things, and be rejected of the elders and chief priests and scribes, and be slain, and be raised the third day.	
Luke 9:30	And, behold, there talked with him two men, which were Moses and Elias:	
Luke 9:31	Who appeared in glory, and spake of his decease which he should accomplish at Jerusalem.	
Luke 9:37	And it came to pass, that on the next day, when they were come down from the hill, much people met him.	
Luke 9:39	And, lo, a spirit taketh him, and he suddenly crieth out; and it teareth him that he foameth again, and bruising him hardly departeth from him.	
Luke 9:46	Then there arose a reasoning among them, which of them should be greatest.	
Luke 9:55	But he turned, and rebuked them, and said, Ye know not what manner of spirit ye are of.	
Luke 9:56	For the Son of man is not come to destroy men's lives, but to save them. And they went to another village.	
Luke 9:6	And they departed, and went through the towns, preaching the gospel, and healing every where.	
Luke 9:60	Jesus said unto him, Let the dead bury their dead: but go thou and preach the kingdom of God.	
Luke 9:62	And Jesus said unto him, No man, having put his hand to the plough, and looking back, is fit for the kingdom of God.	
Luke 9:7	Now Herod the tetrarch heard of all that was done by him: and he was perplexed, because that it was said of some, that John was risen from the dead;	
Luke 9:8	And of some, that Elias had appeared; and of others, that one of the old prophets was risen again.	
Malachi 1:12	But ye have profaned it, in that ye say, The table of the LORD is polluted; and the fruit thereof, even his meat, is contemptible.	
Malachi 1:13	Ye said also, Behold, what a weariness is it! and ye have snuffed at it, saith the LORD of hosts; and ye brought that which was torn, and the lame, and the sick; thus ye brought an offering: should I accept this of your hand? saith the LORD.	
Malachi 1:5	And your eyes shall see, and ye shall say, The LORD will be magnified from the border of Israel.	
Malachi 2:14	Yet ye say, Wherefore? Because the LORD hath been witness between thee and the wife of thy youth, against whom thou hast dealt treacherously: yet is she thy companion, and the wife of thy covenant.	
Malachi 2:15	And did not he make one? Yet had he the residue of the spirit. And wherefore one? That he might seek a godly seed. Therefore take heed to your spirit, and let none deal treacherously against the wife of his youth.	
Malachi 2:6	The law of truth was in his mouth, and iniquity was not found in his lips: he walked with me in peace and equity, and did turn many away from iniquity.	
Malachi 2:7	For the priest's lips should keep knowledge, and they should seek the law at his mouth: for he is the messenger of the LORD of hosts.	
Malachi 2:9	Therefore have I also made you contemptible and base before all the people, according as ye have not kept my ways, but have been partial in the law.	
Malachi 3:10	Bring ye all the tithes into the storehouse, that there may be meat in mine house, and prove me now herewith, saith the LORD of hosts, if I will not open you the windows of heaven, and pour you out a blessing, that there shall not be room enough to receive it.	
Malachi 3:11	And I will rebuke the devourer for your sakes, and he shall not destroy the fruits of your ground; neither shall your vine cast her fruit before the time in the field, saith the LORD of hosts.	
Malachi 3:18	Then shall ye return, and discern between the righteous and the wicked, between him that serveth God and him that serveth him not.	
Malachi 4:3	And ye shall tread down the wicked; for they shall be ashes under the soles of your feet in the day that I shall do this, saith the LORD of hosts.	
Malachi 4:5	Behold, I will send you Elijah the prophet before the coming of the great and dreadful day of the LORD:	
Mark 10:14	But when Jesus saw it, he was much displeased, and said unto them, Suffer the little children to come unto me, and forbid them not: for of such is the kingdom of God.	
Mark 10:15	Verily I say unto you, Whosoever shall not receive the kingdom of God as a little child, he shall not enter therein.	
Mark 10:16	And he took them up in his arms, put his hands upon them, and blessed them.	
Mark 10:29	And Jesus answered and said, Verily I say unto you, There is no man that hath left house, or brethren, or sisters, or father, or mother, or wife, or children, or lands, for my sake, and the gospel's,	
Mark 10:3	And he answered and said unto them, What did Moses command you?	
Mark 10:31	But many that are first shall be last; and the last first.	
Mark 10:42	But Jesus called them to him, and saith unto them, Ye know that they which are accounted to rule over the Gentiles exercise lordship over them; and their great ones exercise authority upon them.	
Mark 10:43	But so shall it not be among you: but whosoever will be great among you, shall be your minister:	
Mark 10:48	And many charged him that he should hold his peace: but he cried the more a great deal, Thou son of David, have mercy on me.	
Mark 10:5	And Jesus answered and said unto them, For the hardness of your heart he wrote you this precept.	
Mark 10:50	And he, casting away his garment, rose, and came to Jesus.	
Mark 10:6	But from the beginning of the creation God made them male and female.	
Mark 10:7	For this cause shall a man leave his father and mother, and cleave to his wife;	
Mark 11:11	And Jesus entered into Jerusalem, and into the temple: and when he had looked round about upon all things, and now the eventide was come, he went out unto Bethany with the twelve.	
Mark 11:21	And Peter calling to remembrance saith unto him, Master, behold, the fig tree which thou cursedst is withered away.	
Mark 11:28	And say unto him, By what authority doest thou these things? and who gave thee this authority to do these things?	
Mark 11:4	And they went their way, and found the colt tied by the door without in a place where two ways met; and they loose him.	
Mark 11:5	And certain of them that stood there said unto them, What do ye, loosing the colt?	
Mark 12:1	And he began to speak unto them by parables. A certain man planted a vineyard, and set an hedge about it, and digged a place for the winefat, and built a tower, and let it out to husbandmen, and went into a far country.	
Mark 12:12	And they sought to lay hold on him, but feared the people: for they knew that he had spoken the parable against them: and they left him, and went their way.	
Mark 12:14	And when they were come, they say unto him, Master, we know that thou art true, and carest for no man: for thou regardest not the person of men, but teachest the way of God in truth: Is it lawful to give tribute to Caesar, or not?	
Mark 12:16	And they brought it. And he saith unto them, Whose is this image and superscription? And they said unto him, Caesar's.	
Mark 12:25	For when they shall rise from the dead, they neither marry, nor are given in marriage; but are as the angels which are in heaven.	
Mark 12:27	He is not the God of the dead, but the God of the living: ye therefore do greatly err.	
Mark 12:28	And one of the scribes came, and having heard them reasoning together, and perceiving that he had answered them well, asked him, Which is the first commandment of all?	
Mark 12:3	And they caught him, and beat him, and sent him away empty.	
Mark 12:33	And to love him with all the heart, and with all the understanding, and with all the soul, and with all the strength, and to love his neighbour as himself, is more than all whole burnt offerings and sacrifices.	
Mark 12:38	And he said unto them in his doctrine, Beware of the scribes, which love to go in long clothing, and love salutations in the marketplaces,	
Mark 13:1	And as he went out of the temple, one of his disciples saith unto him, Master, see what manner of stones and what buildings are here!	
Mark 13:10	And the gospel must first be published among all nations.	
Mark 13:19	For in those days shall be affliction, such as was not from the beginning of the creation which God created unto this time, neither shall be.	
Mark 13:23	But take ye heed: behold, I have foretold you all things.	
Mark 13:24	But in those days, after that tribulation, the sun shall be darkened, and the moon shall not give her light,	
Mark 13:27	And then shall he send his angels, and shall gather together his elect from the four winds, from the uttermost part of the earth to the uttermost part of heaven.	
Mark 13:33	Take ye heed, watch and pray: for ye know not when the time is.	
Mark 13:37	And what I say unto you I say unto all, Watch.	
Mark 14:1	After two days was the feast of the passover, and of unleavened bread: and the chief priests and the scribes sought how they might take him by craft, and put him to death.	
Mark 14:15	And he will shew you a large upper room furnished and prepared: there make ready for us.	
Mark 14:22	And as they did eat, Jesus took bread, and blessed, and brake it, and gave to them, and said, Take, eat: this is my body.	
Mark 14:24	And he said unto them, This is my blood of the new testament, which is shed for many.	
Mark 14:26	And when they had sung an hymn, they went out into the mount of Olives.	
Mark 14:3	And being in Bethany in the house of Simon the leper, as he sat at meat, there came a woman having an alabaster box of ointment of spikenard very precious; and she brake the box, and poured it on his head.	
Mark 14:38	Watch ye and pray, lest ye enter into temptation. The spirit truly is ready, but the flesh is weak.	
Mark 14:39	And again he went away, and prayed, and spake the same words.	
Mark 14:43	And immediately, while he yet spake, cometh Judas, one of the twelve, and with him a great multitude with swords and staves, from the chief priests and the scribes and the elders.	
Mark 14:44	And he that betrayed him had given them a token, saying, Whomsoever I shall kiss, that same is he; take him, and lead him away safely.	
Mark 14:49	I was daily with you in the temple teaching, and ye took me not: but the scriptures must be fulfilled.	
Mark 14:54	And Peter followed him afar off, even into the palace of the high priest: and he sat with the servants, and warmed himself at the fire.	
Mark 14:55	And the chief priests and all the council sought for witness against Jesus to put him to death; and found none.	
Mark 14:56	For many bare false witness against him, but their witness agreed not together.	
Mark 14:64	Ye have heard the blasphemy: what think ye? And they all condemned him to be guilty of death.	
Mark 14:67	And when she saw Peter warming himself, she looked upon him, and said, And thou also wast with Jesus of Nazareth.	
Mark 14:68	But he denied, saying, I know not, neither understand I what thou sayest. And he went out into the porch; and the cock crew.	
Mark 14:72	And the second time the cock crew. And Peter called to mind the word that Jesus said unto him, Before the cock crow twice, thou shalt deny me thrice. And when he thought thereon, he wept.	
Mark 15:17	And they clothed him with purple, and platted a crown of thorns, and put it about his head,	
Mark 15:19	And they smote him on the head with a reed, and did spit upon him, and bowing their knees worshipped him.	
Mark 15:2	And Pilate asked him, Art thou the King of the Jews? And he answering said unto them, Thou sayest it.	
Mark 15:23	And they gave him to drink wine mingled with myrrh: but he received it not.	
Mark 15:26	And the superscription of his accusation was written over, THE KING OF THE JEWS.	
Mark 15:33	And when the sixth hour was come, there was darkness over the whole land until the ninth hour.	
Mark 15:34	And at the ninth hour Jesus cried with a loud voice, saying, Eloi, Eloi, lama sabachthani? which is, being interpreted, My God, my God, why hast thou forsaken me?	
Mark 15:39	And when the centurion, which stood over against him, saw that he so cried out, and gave up the ghost, he said, Truly this man was the Son of God.	
Mark 15:6	Now at that feast he released unto them one prisoner, whomsoever they desired.	
Mark 16:13	And they went and told it unto the residue: neither believed they them.	
Mark 16:3	And they said among themselves, Who shall roll us away the stone from the door of the sepulchre?	
Mark 16:6	And he saith unto them, Be not affrighted: Ye seek Jesus of Nazareth, which was crucified: he is risen; he is not here: behold the place where they laid him.	
Mark 16:9	Now when Jesus was risen early the first day of the week, he appeared first to Mary Magdalene, out of whom he had cast seven devils.	
Mark 1:10	And straightway coming up out of the water, he saw the heavens opened, and the Spirit like a dove descending upon him:	
Mark 1:15	And saying, The time is fulfilled, and the kingdom of God is at hand: repent ye, and believe the gospel.	
Mark 1:18	And straightway they forsook their nets, and followed him.	
Mark 1:2	As it is written in the prophets, Behold, I send my messenger before thy face, which shall prepare thy way before thee.	
Mark 1:21	And they went into Capernaum; and straightway on the sabbath day he entered into the synagogue, and taught.	
Mark 1:22	And they were astonished at his doctrine: for he taught them as one that had authority, and not as the scribes.	
Mark 1:23	And there was in their synagogue a man with an unclean spirit; and he cried out,	
Mark 1:25	And Jesus rebuked him, saying, Hold thy peace, and come out of him.	
Mark 1:29	And forthwith, when they were come out of the synagogue, they entered into the house of Simon and Andrew, with James and John.	
Mark 1:3	The voice of one crying in the wilderness, Prepare ye the way of the Lord, make his paths straight.	
Mark 1:4	John did baptize in the wilderness, and preach the baptism of repentance for the remission of sins.	
Mark 1:8	I indeed have baptized you with water: but he shall baptize you with the Holy Ghost.	
Mark 2:1	And again he entered into Capernaum after some days; and it was noised that he was in the house.	
Mark 2:21	No man also seweth a piece of new cloth on an old garment: else the new piece that filled it up taketh away from the old, and the rent is made worse.	
Mark 2:27	And he said unto them, The sabbath was made for man, and not man for the sabbath:	
Mark 2:9	Whether is it easier to say to the sick of the palsy, Thy sins be forgiven thee; or to say, Arise, and take up thy bed, and walk?	
Mark 3:12	And he straitly charged them that they should not make him known.	
Mark 3:16	And Simon he surnamed Peter;	
Mark 3:17	And James the son of Zebedee, and John the brother of James; and he surnamed them Boanerges, which is, The sons of thunder:	
Mark 3:18	And Andrew, and Philip, and Bartholomew, and Matthew, and Thomas, and James the son of Alphaeus, and Thaddaeus, and Simon the Canaanite,	
Mark 3:20	And the multitude cometh together again, so that they could not so much as eat bread.	
Mark 3:23	And he called them unto him, and said unto them in parables, How can Satan cast out Satan?	
Mark 4:13	And he said unto them, Know ye not this parable? and how then will ye know all parables?	
Mark 4:15	And these are they by the way side, where the word is sown; but when they have heard, Satan cometh immediately, and taketh away the word that was sown in their hearts.	
Mark 4:18	And these are they which are sown among thorns; such as hear the word,	
Mark 4:21	And he said unto them, Is a candle brought to be put under a bushel, or under a bed? and not to be set on a candlestick?	
Mark 4:22	For there is nothing hid, which shall not be manifested; neither was any thing kept secret, but that it should come abroad.	
Mark 4:35	And the same day, when the even was come, he saith unto them, Let us pass over unto the other side.	
Mark 4:36	And when they had sent away the multitude, they took him even as he was in the ship. And there were also with him other little ships.	
Mark 4:7	And some fell among thorns, and the thorns grew up, and choked it, and it yielded no fruit.	
Mark 4:8	And other fell on good ground, and did yield fruit that sprang up and increased; and brought forth, some thirty, and some sixty, and some an hundred.	
Mark 4:9	And he said unto them, He that hath ears to hear, let him hear.	
Mark 5:10	And he besought him much that he would not send them away out of the country.	
Mark 5:18	And when he was come into the ship, he that had been possessed with the devil prayed him that he might be with him.	
Mark 5:19	Howbeit Jesus suffered him not, but saith unto him, Go home to thy friends, and tell them how great things the Lord hath done for thee, and hath had compassion on thee.	
Mark 5:2	And when he was come out of the ship, immediately there met him out of the tombs a man with an unclean spirit,	
Mark 5:21	And when Jesus was passed over again by ship unto the other side, much people gathered unto him: and he was nigh unto the sea.	
Mark 5:22	And, behold, there cometh one of the rulers of the synagogue, Jairus by name; and when he saw him, he fell at his feet,	
Mark 5:24	And Jesus went with him; and much people followed him, and thronged him.	
Mark 5:27	When she had heard of Jesus, came in the press behind, and touched his garment.	
Mark 5:3	Who had his dwelling among the tombs; and no man could bind him, no, not with chains:	
Mark 5:31	And his disciples said unto him, Thou seest the multitude thronging thee, and sayest thou, Who touched me?	
Mark 5:32	And he looked round about to see her that had done this thing.	
Mark 5:33	But the woman fearing and trembling, knowing what was done in her, came and fell down before him, and told him all the truth.	
Mark 5:42	And straightway the damsel arose, and walked; for she was of the age of twelve years. And they were astonished with a great astonishment.	
Mark 5:7	And cried with a loud voice, and said, What have I to do with thee, Jesus, thou Son of the most high God? I adjure thee by God, that thou torment me not.	
Mark 5:9	And he asked him, What is thy name? And he answered, saying, My name is Legion: for we are many.	
Mark 6:11	And whosoever shall not receive you, nor hear you, when ye depart thence, shake off the dust under your feet for a testimony against them. Verily I say unto you, It shall be more tolerable for Sodom and Gomorrha in the day of judgment, than for that city.	
Mark 6:16	But when Herod heard thereof, he said, It is John, whom I beheaded: he is risen from the dead.	
Mark 6:2	And when the sabbath day was come, he began to teach in the synagogue: and many hearing him were astonished, saying, From whence hath this man these things? and what wisdom is this which is given unto him, that even such mighty works are wrought by his hands?	
Mark 6:20	For Herod feared John, knowing that he was a just man and an holy, and observed him; and when he heard him, he did many things, and heard him gladly.	
Mark 6:25	And she came in straightway with haste unto the king, and asked, saying, I will that thou give me by and by in a charger the head of John the Baptist.	
Mark 6:27	And immediately the king sent an executioner, and commanded his head to be brought: and he went and beheaded him in the prison,	
Mark 6:37	He answered and said unto them, Give ye them to eat. And they say unto him, Shall we go and buy two hundred pennyworth of bread, and give them to eat?	
Mark 6:50	For they all saw him, and were troubled. And immediately he talked with them, and saith unto them, Be of good cheer: it is I; be not afraid.	
Mark 6:52	For they considered not the miracle of the loaves: for their heart was hardened.	
Mark 6:55	And ran through that whole region round about, and began to carry about in beds those that were sick, where they heard he was.	
Mark 7:10	For Moses said, Honour thy father and thy mother; and, Whoso curseth father or mother, let him die the death:	
Mark 7:15	There is nothing from without a man, that entering into him can defile him: but the things which come out of him, those are they that defile the man.	
Mark 7:16	If any man have ears to hear, let him hear.	
Mark 7:19	Because it entereth not into his heart, but into the belly, and goeth out into the draught, purging all meats?	
Mark 7:21	For from within, out of the heart of men, proceed evil thoughts, adulteries, fornications, murders,	
Mark 7:25	For a certain woman, whose young daughter had an unclean spirit, heard of him, and came and fell at his feet:	
Mark 7:26	The woman was a Greek, a Syrophenician by nation; and she besought him that he would cast forth the devil out of her daughter.	
Mark 7:30	And when she was come to her house, she found the devil gone out, and her daughter laid upon the bed.	
Mark 7:34	And looking up to heaven, he sighed, and saith unto him, Ephphatha, that is, Be opened.	
Mark 7:37	And were beyond measure astonished, saying, He hath done all things well: he maketh both the deaf to hear, and the dumb to speak.	
Mark 7:4	And when they come from the market, except they wash, they eat not. And many other things there be, which they have received to hold, as the washing of cups, and pots, brasen vessels, and of tables.	
Mark 7:6	He answered and said unto them, Well hath Esaias prophesied of you hypocrites, as it is written, This people honoureth me with their lips, but their heart is far from me.	
Mark 7:9	And he said unto them, Full well ye reject the commandment of God, that ye may keep your own tradition.	
Mark 8:10	And straightway he entered into a ship with his disciples, and came into the parts of Dalmanutha.	
Mark 8:16	And they reasoned among themselves, saying, It is because we have no bread.	
Mark 8:17	And when Jesus knew it, he saith unto them, Why reason ye, because ye have no bread? perceive ye not yet, neither understand? have ye your heart yet hardened?	
Mark 8:2	I have compassion on the multitude, because they have now been with me three days, and have nothing to eat:	
Mark 8:20	And when the seven among four thousand, how many baskets full of fragments took ye up? And they said, Seven.	
Mark 8:26	And he sent him away to his house, saying, Neither go into the town, nor tell it to any in the town.	
Mark 8:30	And he charged them that they should tell no man of him.	
Mark 8:34	And when he had called the people unto him with his disciples also, he said unto them, Whosoever will come after me, let him deny himself, and take up his cross, and follow me.	
Mark 9:10	And they kept that saying with themselves, questioning one with another what the rising from the dead should mean.	
Mark 9:13	But I say unto you, That Elias is indeed come, and they have done unto him whatsoever they listed, as it is written of him.	
Mark 9:15	And straightway all the people, when they beheld him, were greatly amazed, and running to him saluted him.	
Mark 9:25	When Jesus saw that the people came running together, he rebuked the foul spirit, saying unto him, Thou dumb and deaf spirit, I charge thee, come out of him, and enter no more into him.	
Mark 9:29	And he said unto them, This kind can come forth by nothing, but by prayer and fasting.	
Mark 9:37	Whosoever shall receive one of such children in my name, receiveth me: and whosoever shall receive me, receiveth not me, but him that sent me.	
Mark 9:38	And John answered him, saying, Master, we saw one casting out devils in thy name, and he followeth not us: and we forbad him, because he followeth not us.	
Mark 9:40	For he that is not against us is on our part.	
Mark 9:41	For whosoever shall give you a cup of water to drink in my name, because ye belong to Christ, verily I say unto you, he shall not lose his reward.	
Mark 9:44	Where their worm dieth not, and the fire is not quenched.	
Mark 9:47	And if thine eye offend thee, pluck it out: it is better for thee to enter into the kingdom of God with one eye, than having two eyes to be cast into hell fire:	
Mark 9:48	Where their worm dieth not, and the fire is not quenched.	
Mark 9:8	And suddenly, when they had looked round about, they saw no man any more, save Jesus only with themselves.	
Matthew 10:13	And if the house be worthy, let your peace come upon it: but if it be not worthy, let your peace return to you.	
Matthew 10:14	And whosoever shall not receive you, nor hear your words, when ye depart out of that house or city, shake off the dust of your feet.	
Matthew 10:15	Verily I say unto you, It shall be more tolerable for the land of Sodom and Gomorrha in the day of judgment, than for that city.	
Matthew 10:18	And ye shall be brought before governors and kings for my sake, for a testimony against them and the Gentiles.	
Matthew 10:25	It is enough for the disciple that he be as his master, and the servant as his lord. If they have called the master of the house Beelzebub, how much more shall they call them of his household?	
Matthew 10:27	What I tell you in darkness, that speak ye in light: and what ye hear in the ear, that preach ye upon the housetops.	
Matthew 10:33	But whosoever shall deny me before men, him will I also deny before my Father which is in heaven.	
Matthew 10:37	He that loveth father or mother more than me is not worthy of me: and he that loveth son or daughter more than me is not worthy of me.	
Matthew 10:42	And whosoever shall give to drink unto one of these little ones a cup of cold water only in the name of a disciple, verily I say unto you, he shall in no wise lose his reward.	
Matthew 10:5	These twelve Jesus sent forth, and commanded them, saying, Go not into the way of the Gentiles, and into any city of the Samaritans enter ye not:	
Matthew 10:7	And as ye go, preach, saying, The kingdom of heaven is at hand.	
Matthew 11:10	For this is he, of whom it is written, Behold, I send my messenger before thy face, which shall prepare thy way before thee.	
Matthew 11:14	And if ye will receive it, this is Elias, which was for to come.	
Matthew 11:16	But whereunto shall I liken this generation? It is like unto children sitting in the markets, and calling unto their fellows,	
Matthew 11:26	Even so, Father: for so it seemed good in thy sight.	
Matthew 11:3	And said unto him, Art thou he that should come, or do we look for another?	
Matthew 11:7	And as they departed, Jesus began to say unto the multitudes concerning John, What went ye out into the wilderness to see? A reed shaken with the wind?	
Matthew 12:18	Behold my servant, whom I have chosen; my beloved, in whom my soul is well pleased: I will put my spirit upon him, and he shall shew judgment to the Gentiles.	
Matthew 12:19	He shall not strive, nor cry; neither shall any man hear his voice in the streets.	
Matthew 12:21	And in his name shall the Gentiles trust.	
Matthew 12:24	But when the Pharisees heard it, they said, This fellow doth not cast out devils, but by Beelzebub the prince of the devils.	
Matthew 12:26	And if Satan cast out Satan, he is divided against himself; how shall then his kingdom stand?	
Matthew 12:28	But if I cast out devils by the Spirit of God, then the kingdom of God is come unto you.	
Matthew 12:30	He that is not with me is against me; and he that gathereth not with me scattereth abroad.	
Matthew 12:33	Either make the tree good, and his fruit good; or else make the tree corrupt, and his fruit corrupt: for the tree is known by his fruit.	
Matthew 12:37	For by thy words thou shalt be justified, and by thy words thou shalt be condemned.	
Matthew 12:39	But he answered and said unto them, An evil and adulterous generation seeketh after a sign; and there shall no sign be given to it, but the sign of the prophet Jonas:	
Matthew 12:40	For as Jonas was three days and three nights in the whale's belly; so shall the Son of man be three days and three nights in the heart of the earth.	
Matthew 12:43	When the unclean spirit is gone out of a man, he walketh through dry places, seeking rest, and findeth none.	
Matthew 13:13	Therefore speak I to them in parables: because they seeing see not; and hearing they hear not, neither do they understand.	
Matthew 13:16	But blessed are your eyes, for they see: and your ears, for they hear.	
Matthew 13:24	Another parable put he forth unto them, saying, The kingdom of heaven is likened unto a man which sowed good seed in his field:	
Matthew 13:25	But while men slept, his enemy came and sowed tares among the wheat, and went his way.	
Matthew 13:32	Which indeed is the least of all seeds: but when it is grown, it is the greatest among herbs, and becometh a tree, so that the birds of the air come and lodge in the branches thereof.	
Matthew 13:33	Another parable spake he unto them; The kingdom of heaven is like unto leaven, which a woman took, and hid in three measures of meal, till the whole was leavened.	
Matthew 13:41	The Son of man shall send forth his angels, and they shall gather out of his kingdom all things that offend, and them which do iniquity;	
Matthew 13:46	Who, when he had found one pearl of great price, went and sold all that he had, and bought it.	
Matthew 13:58	And he did not many mighty works there because of their unbelief.	
Matthew 14:1	At that time Herod the tetrarch heard of the fame of Jesus,	
Matthew 14:10	And he sent, and beheaded John in the prison.	
Matthew 14:12	And his disciples came, and took up the body, and buried it, and went and told Jesus.	
Matthew 14:20	And they did all eat, and were filled: and they took up of the fragments that remained twelve baskets full.	
Matthew 14:22	And straightway Jesus constrained his disciples to get into a ship, and to go before him unto the other side, while he sent the multitudes away.	
Matthew 14:23	And when he had sent the multitudes away, he went up into a mountain apart to pray: and when the evening was come, he was there alone.	
Matthew 14:24	But the ship was now in the midst of the sea, tossed with waves: for the wind was contrary.	
Matthew 14:28	And Peter answered him and said, Lord, if it be thou, bid me come unto thee on the water.	
Matthew 14:35	And when the men of that place had knowledge of him, they sent out into all that country round about, and brought unto him all that were diseased;	
Matthew 14:7	Whereupon he promised with an oath to give her whatsoever she would ask.	
Matthew 14:9	And the king was sorry: nevertheless for the oath's sake, and them which sat with him at meat, he commanded it to be given her.	
Matthew 15:1	Then came to Jesus scribes and Pharisees, which were of Jerusalem, saying,	
Matthew 15:11	Not that which goeth into the mouth defileth a man; but that which cometh out of the mouth, this defileth a man.	
Matthew 15:15	Then answered Peter and said unto him, Declare unto us this parable.	
Matthew 15:16	And Jesus said, Are ye also yet without understanding?	
Matthew 15:17	Do not ye yet understand, that whatsoever entereth in at the mouth goeth into the belly, and is cast out into the draught?	
Matthew 15:23	But he answered her not a word. And his disciples came and besought him, saying, Send her away; for she crieth after us.	
Matthew 15:24	But he answered and said, I am not sent but unto the lost sheep of the house of Israel.	
Matthew 15:27	And she said, Truth, Lord: yet the dogs eat of the crumbs which fall from their masters' table.	
Matthew 15:30	And great multitudes came unto him, having with them those that were lame, blind, dumb, maimed, and many others, and cast them down at Jesus' feet; and he healed them:	
Matthew 15:36	And he took the seven loaves and the fishes, and gave thanks, and brake them, and gave to his disciples, and the disciples to the multitude.	
Matthew 15:38	And they that did eat were four thousand men, beside women and children.	
Matthew 15:39	And he sent away the multitude, and took ship, and came into the coasts of Magdala.	
Matthew 15:5	But ye say, Whosoever shall say to his father or his mother, It is a gift, by whatsoever thou mightest be profited by me;	
Matthew 15:6	And honour not his father or his mother, he shall be free. Thus have ye made the commandment of God of none effect by your tradition.	
Matthew 15:7	Ye hypocrites, well did Esaias prophesy of you, saying,	
Matthew 15:8	This people draweth nigh unto me with their mouth, and honoureth me with their lips; but their heart is far from me.	
Matthew 15:9	But in vain they do worship me, teaching for doctrines the commandments of men.	
Matthew 16:11	How is it that ye do not understand that I spake it not to you concerning bread, that ye should beware of the leaven of the Pharisees and of the Sadducees?	
Matthew 16:14	And they said, Some say that thou art John the Baptist: some, Elias; and others, Jeremias, or one of the prophets.	
Matthew 16:16	And Simon Peter answered and said, Thou art the Christ, the Son of the living God.	
Matthew 16:19	And I will give unto thee the keys of the kingdom of heaven: and whatsoever thou shalt bind on earth shall be bound in heaven: and whatsoever thou shalt loose on earth shall be loosed in heaven.	
Matthew 16:21	From that time forth began Jesus to shew unto his disciples, how that he must go unto Jerusalem, and suffer many things of the elders and chief priests and scribes, and be killed, and be raised again the third day.	
Matthew 16:25	For whosoever will save his life shall lose it: and whosoever will lose his life for my sake shall find it.	
Matthew 16:4	A wicked and adulterous generation seeketh after a sign; and there shall no sign be given unto it, but the sign of the prophet Jonas. And he left them, and departed.	
Matthew 16:9	Do ye not yet understand, neither remember the five loaves of the five thousand, and how many baskets ye took up?	
Matthew 17:1	And after six days Jesus taketh Peter, James, and John his brother, and bringeth them up into an high mountain apart,	
Matthew 17:11	And Jesus answered and said unto them, Elias truly shall first come, and restore all things.	
Matthew 17:13	Then the disciples understood that he spake unto them of John the Baptist.	
Matthew 17:15	Lord, have mercy on my son: for he is lunatick, and sore vexed: for ofttimes he falleth into the fire, and oft into the water.	
Matthew 17:22	And while they abode in Galilee, Jesus said unto them, The Son of man shall be betrayed into the hands of men:	
Matthew 17:26	Peter saith unto him, Of strangers. Jesus saith unto him, Then are the children free.	
Matthew 17:27	Notwithstanding, lest we should offend them, go thou to the sea, and cast an hook, and take up the fish that first cometh up; and when thou hast opened his mouth, thou shalt find a piece of money: that take, and give unto them for me and thee.	
Matthew 17:4	Then answered Peter, and said unto Jesus, Lord, it is good for us to be here: if thou wilt, let us make here three tabernacles; one for thee, and one for Moses, and one for Elias.	
Matthew 18:11	For the Son of man is come to save that which was lost.	
Matthew 18:12	How think ye? if a man have an hundred sheep, and one of them be gone astray, doth he not leave the ninety and nine, and goeth into the mountains, and seeketh that which is gone astray?	
Matthew 18:13	And if so be that he find it, verily I say unto you, he rejoiceth more of that sheep, than of the ninety and nine which went not astray.	
Matthew 18:15	Moreover if thy brother shall trespass against thee, go and tell him his fault between thee and him alone: if he shall hear thee, thou hast gained thy brother.	
Matthew 18:17	And if he shall neglect to hear them, tell it unto the church: but if he neglect to hear the church, let him be unto thee as an heathen man and a publican.	
Matthew 18:21	Then came Peter to him, and said, Lord, how oft shall my brother sin against me, and I forgive him? till seven times?	
Matthew 18:25	But forasmuch as he had not to pay, his lord commanded him to be sold, and his wife, and children, and all that he had, and payment to be made.	
Matthew 18:34	And his lord was wroth, and delivered him to the tormentors, till he should pay all that was due unto him.	
Matthew 18:35	So likewise shall my heavenly Father do also unto you, if ye from your hearts forgive not every one his brother their trespasses.	
Matthew 19:16	And, behold, one came and said unto him, Good Master, what good thing shall I do, that I may have eternal life?	
Matthew 19:20	The young man saith unto him, All these things have I kept from my youth up: what lack I yet?	
Matthew 19:23	Then said Jesus unto his disciples, Verily I say unto you, That a rich man shall hardly enter into the kingdom of heaven.	
Matthew 19:26	But Jesus beheld them, and said unto them, With men this is impossible; but with God all things are possible.	
Matthew 19:29	And every one that hath forsaken houses, or brethren, or sisters, or father, or mother, or wife, or children, or lands, for my name's sake, shall receive an hundredfold, and shall inherit everlasting life.	
Matthew 19:30	But many that are first shall be last; and the last shall be first.	
Matthew 1:2	Abraham begat Isaac; and Isaac begat Jacob; and Jacob begat Judas and his brethren;	
Matthew 1:20	But while he thought on these things, behold, the angel of the LORD appeared unto him in a dream, saying, Joseph, thou son of David, fear not to take unto thee Mary thy wife: for that which is conceived in her is of the Holy Ghost.	
Matthew 1:24	Then Joseph being raised from sleep did as the angel of the Lord had bidden him, and took unto him his wife:	
Matthew 1:4	And Aram begat Aminadab; and Aminadab begat Naasson; and Naasson begat Salmon;	
Matthew 1:5	And Salmon begat Booz of Rachab; and Booz begat Obed of Ruth; and Obed begat Jesse;	
Matthew 1:6	And Jesse begat David the king; and David the king begat Solomon of her that had been the wife of Urias;	
Matthew 1:7	And Solomon begat Roboam; and Roboam begat Abia; and Abia begat Asa;	
Matthew 1:9	And Ozias begat Joatham; and Joatham begat Achaz; and Achaz begat Ezekias;	
Matthew 20:12	Saying, These last have wrought but one hour, and thou hast made them equal unto us, which have borne the burden and heat of the day.	
Matthew 20:17	And Jesus going up to Jerusalem took the twelve disciples apart in the way, and said unto them,	
Matthew 20:2	And when he had agreed with the labourers for a penny a day, he sent them into his vineyard.	
Matthew 20:21	And he said unto her, What wilt thou? She saith unto him, Grant that these my two sons may sit, the one on thy right hand, and the other on the left, in thy kingdom.	
Matthew 20:30	And, behold, two blind men sitting by the way side, when they heard that Jesus passed by, cried out, saying, Have mercy on us, O Lord, thou son of David.	
Matthew 20:8	So when even was come, the lord of the vineyard saith unto his steward, Call the labourers, and give them their hire, beginning from the last unto the first.	
Matthew 21:16	And said unto him, Hearest thou what these say? And Jesus saith unto them, Yea; have ye never read, Out of the mouth of babes and sucklings thou hast perfected praise?	
Matthew 21:17	And he left them, and went out of the city into Bethany; and he lodged there.	
Matthew 21:18	Now in the morning as he returned into the city, he hungered.	
Matthew 21:19	And when he saw a fig tree in the way, he came to it, and found nothing thereon, but leaves only, and said unto it, Let no fruit grow on thee henceforward for ever. And presently the fig tree withered away.	
Matthew 21:22	And all things, whatsoever ye shall ask in prayer, believing, ye shall receive.	
Matthew 21:24	And Jesus answered and said unto them, I also will ask you one thing, which if ye tell me, I in like wise will tell you by what authority I do these things.	
Matthew 21:30	And he came to the second, and said likewise. And he answered and said, I go, sir: and went not.	
Matthew 21:37	But last of all he sent unto them his son, saying, They will reverence my son.	
Matthew 21:41	They say unto him, He will miserably destroy those wicked men, and will let out his vineyard unto other husbandmen, which shall render him the fruits in their seasons.	
Matthew 21:45	And when the chief priests and Pharisees had heard his parables, they perceived that he spake of them.	
Matthew 21:6	And the disciples went, and did as Jesus commanded them,	
Matthew 22:1	And Jesus answered and spake unto them again by parables, and said,	
Matthew 22:14	For many are called, but few are chosen.	
Matthew 22:15	Then went the Pharisees, and took counsel how they might entangle him in his talk.	
Matthew 22:17	Tell us therefore, What thinkest thou? Is it lawful to give tribute unto Caesar, or not?	
Matthew 22:2	The kingdom of heaven is like unto a certain king, which made a marriage for his son,	
Matthew 22:25	Now there were with us seven brethren: and the first, when he had married a wife, deceased, and, having no issue, left his wife unto his brother:	
Matthew 22:30	For in the resurrection they neither marry, nor are given in marriage, but are as the angels of God in heaven.	
Matthew 22:31	But as touching the resurrection of the dead, have ye not read that which was spoken unto you by God, saying,	
Matthew 22:32	I am the God of Abraham, and the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob? God is not the God of the dead, but of the living.	
Matthew 22:34	But when the Pharisees had heard that he had put the Sadducees to silence, they were gathered together.	
Matthew 22:37	Jesus said unto him, Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy mind.	
Matthew 22:38	This is the first and great commandment.	
Matthew 22:39	And the second is like unto it, Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself.	
Matthew 22:42	Saying, What think ye of Christ? whose son is he? They say unto him, The son of David.	
Matthew 22:46	And no man was able to answer him a word, neither durst any man from that day forth ask him any more questions.	
Matthew 23:10	Neither be ye called masters: for one is your Master, even Christ.	
Matthew 23:16	Woe unto you, ye blind guides, which say, Whosoever shall swear by the temple, it is nothing; but whosoever shall swear by the gold of the temple, he is a debtor!	
Matthew 23:17	Ye fools and blind: for whether is greater, the gold, or the temple that sanctifieth the gold?	
Matthew 23:18	And, Whosoever shall swear by the altar, it is nothing; but whosoever sweareth by the gift that is upon it, he is guilty.	
Matthew 23:20	Whoso therefore shall swear by the altar, sweareth by it, and by all things thereon.	
Matthew 23:22	And he that shall swear by heaven, sweareth by the throne of God, and by him that sitteth thereon.	
Matthew 23:26	Thou blind Pharisee, cleanse first that which is within the cup and platter, that the outside of them may be clean also.	
Matthew 23:27	Woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! for ye are like unto whited sepulchres, which indeed appear beautiful outward, but are within full of dead men's bones, and of all uncleanness.	
Matthew 23:28	Even so ye also outwardly appear righteous unto men, but within ye are full of hypocrisy and iniquity.	
Matthew 23:30	And say, If we had been in the days of our fathers, we would not have been partakers with them in the blood of the prophets.	
Matthew 23:31	Wherefore ye be witnesses unto yourselves, that ye are the children of them which killed the prophets.	
Matthew 23:32	Fill ye up then the measure of your fathers.	
Matthew 23:33	Ye serpents, ye generation of vipers, how can ye escape the damnation of hell?	
Matthew 23:36	Verily I say unto you, All these things shall come upon this generation.	
Matthew 23:39	For I say unto you, Ye shall not see me henceforth, till ye shall say, Blessed is he that cometh in the name of the Lord.	
Matthew 23:6	And love the uppermost rooms at feasts, and the chief seats in the synagogues,	
Matthew 23:8	But be not ye called Rabbi: for one is your Master, even Christ; and all ye are brethren.	
Matthew 24:13	But he that shall endure unto the end, the same shall be saved.	
Matthew 24:16	Then let them which be in Judaea flee into the mountains:	
Matthew 24:18	Neither let him which is in the field return back to take his clothes.	
Matthew 24:19	And woe unto them that are with child, and to them that give suck in those days!	
Matthew 24:22	And except those days should be shortened, there should no flesh be saved: but for the elect's sake those days shall be shortened.	
Matthew 24:23	Then if any man shall say unto you, Lo, here is Christ, or there; believe it not.	
Matthew 24:3	And as he sat upon the mount of Olives, the disciples came unto him privately, saying, Tell us, when shall these things be? and what shall be the sign of thy coming, and of the end of the world?	
Matthew 24:32	Now learn a parable of the fig tree; When his branch is yet tender, and putteth forth leaves, ye know that summer is nigh:	
Matthew 24:33	So likewise ye, when ye shall see all these things, know that it is near, even at the doors.	
Matthew 24:4	And Jesus answered and said unto them, Take heed that no man deceive you.	
Matthew 24:40	Then shall two be in the field; the one shall be taken, and the other left.	
Matthew 24:41	Two women shall be grinding at the mill; the one shall be taken, and the other left.	
Matthew 24:46	Blessed is that servant, whom his lord when he cometh shall find so doing.	
Matthew 24:9	Then shall they deliver you up to be afflicted, and shall kill you: and ye shall be hated of all nations for my name's sake.	
Matthew 25:11	Afterward came also the other virgins, saying, Lord, Lord, open to us.	
Matthew 25:17	And likewise he that had received two, he also gained other two.	
Matthew 25:18	But he that had received one went and digged in the earth, and hid his lord's money.	
Matthew 25:19	After a long time the lord of those servants cometh, and reckoneth with them.	
Matthew 25:23	His lord said unto him, Well done, good and faithful servant; thou hast been faithful over a few things, I will make thee ruler over many things: enter thou into the joy of thy lord.	
Matthew 25:24	Then he which had received the one talent came and said, Lord, I knew thee that thou art an hard man, reaping where thou hast not sown, and gathering where thou hast not strawed:	
Matthew 25:27	Thou oughtest therefore to have put my money to the exchangers, and then at my coming I should have received mine own with usury.	
Matthew 25:29	For unto every one that hath shall be given, and he shall have abundance: but from him that hath not shall be taken away even that which he hath.	
Matthew 25:3	They that were foolish took their lamps, and took no oil with them:	
Matthew 25:32	And before him shall be gathered all nations: and he shall separate them one from another, as a shepherd divideth his sheep from the goats:	
Matthew 25:34	Then shall the King say unto them on his right hand, Come, ye blessed of my Father, inherit the kingdom prepared for you from the foundation of the world:	
Matthew 25:36	Naked, and ye clothed me: I was sick, and ye visited me: I was in prison, and ye came unto me.	
Matthew 25:4	But the wise took oil in their vessels with their lamps.	
Matthew 26:17	Now the first day of the feast of unleavened bread the disciples came to Jesus, saying unto him, Where wilt thou that we prepare for thee to eat the passover?	
Matthew 26:2	Ye know that after two days is the feast of the passover, and the Son of man is betrayed to be crucified.	
Matthew 26:22	And they were exceeding sorrowful, and began every one of them to say unto him, Lord, is it I?	
Matthew 26:23	And he answered and said, He that dippeth his hand with me in the dish, the same shall betray me.	
Matthew 26:27	And he took the cup, and gave thanks, and gave it to them, saying, Drink ye all of it;	
Matthew 26:3	Then assembled together the chief priests, and the scribes, and the elders of the people, unto the palace of the high priest, who was called Caiaphas,	
Matthew 26:31	Then saith Jesus unto them, All ye shall be offended because of me this night: for it is written, I will smite the shepherd, and the sheep of the flock shall be scattered abroad.	
Matthew 26:33	Peter answered and said unto him, Though all men shall be offended because of thee, yet will I never be offended.	
Matthew 26:41	Watch and pray, that ye enter not into temptation: the spirit indeed is willing, but the flesh is weak.	
Matthew 26:45	Then cometh he to his disciples, and saith unto them, Sleep on now, and take your rest: behold, the hour is at hand, and the Son of man is betrayed into the hands of sinners.	
Matthew 26:50	And Jesus said unto him, Friend, wherefore art thou come? Then came they, and laid hands on Jesus and took him.	
Matthew 26:51	And, behold, one of them which were with Jesus stretched out his hand, and drew his sword, and struck a servant of the high priest's, and smote off his ear.	
Matthew 26:52	Then said Jesus unto him, Put up again thy sword into his place: for all they that take the sword shall perish with the sword.	
Matthew 26:54	But how then shall the scriptures be fulfilled, that thus it must be?	
Matthew 26:59	Now the chief priests, and elders, and all the council, sought false witness against Jesus, to put him to death;	
Matthew 26:6	Now when Jesus was in Bethany, in the house of Simon the leper,	
Matthew 26:62	And the high priest arose, and said unto him, Answerest thou nothing? what is it which these witness against thee?	
Matthew 26:70	But he denied before them all, saying, I know not what thou sayest.	
Matthew 26:71	And when he was gone out into the porch, another maid saw him, and said unto them that were there, This fellow was also with Jesus of Nazareth.	
Matthew 26:75	And Peter remembered the word of Jesus, which said unto him, Before the cock crow, thou shalt deny me thrice. And he went out, and wept bitterly.	
Matthew 26:8	But when his disciples saw it, they had indignation, saying, To what purpose is this waste?	
Matthew 26:9	For this ointment might have been sold for much, and given to the poor.	
Matthew 27:12	And when he was accused of the chief priests and elders, he answered nothing.	
Matthew 27:15	Now at that feast the governor was wont to release unto the people a prisoner, whom they would.	
Matthew 27:20	But the chief priests and elders persuaded the multitude that they should ask Barabbas, and destroy Jesus.	
Matthew 27:23	And the governor said, Why, what evil hath he done? But they cried out the more, saying, Let him be crucified.	
Matthew 27:30	And they spit upon him, and took the reed, and smote him on the head.	
Matthew 27:31	And after that they had mocked him, they took the robe off from him, and put his own raiment on him, and led him away to crucify him.	
Matthew 27:33	And when they were come unto a place called Golgotha, that is to say, a place of a skull,	
Matthew 27:41	Likewise also the chief priests mocking him, with the scribes and elders, said,	
Matthew 27:47	Some of them that stood there, when they heard that, said, This man calleth for Elias.	
Matthew 27:50	Jesus, when he had cried again with a loud voice, yielded up the ghost.	
Matthew 27:54	Now when the centurion, and they that were with him, watching Jesus, saw the earthquake, and those things that were done, they feared greatly, saying, Truly this was the Son of God.	
Matthew 27:58	He went to Pilate, and begged the body of Jesus. Then Pilate commanded the body to be delivered.	
Matthew 27:61	And there was Mary Magdalene, and the other Mary, sitting over against the sepulchre.	
Matthew 27:7	And they took counsel, and bought with them the potter's field, to bury strangers in.	
Matthew 27:8	Wherefore that field was called, The field of blood, unto this day.	
Matthew 28:10	Then said Jesus unto them, Be not afraid: go tell my brethren that they go into Galilee, and there shall they see me.	
Matthew 28:16	Then the eleven disciples went away into Galilee, into a mountain where Jesus had appointed them.	
Matthew 28:17	And when they saw him, they worshipped him: but some doubted.	
Matthew 28:20	Teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you: and, lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world. Amen.	
Matthew 28:3	His countenance was like lightning, and his raiment white as snow:	
Matthew 28:5	And the angel answered and said unto the women, Fear not ye: for I know that ye seek Jesus, which was crucified.	
Matthew 28:8	And they departed quickly from the sepulchre with fear and great joy; and did run to bring his disciples word.	
Matthew 2:10	When they saw the star, they rejoiced with exceeding great joy.	
Matthew 2:12	And being warned of God in a dream that they should not return to Herod, they departed into their own country another way.	
Matthew 2:22	But when he heard that Archelaus did reign in Judaea in the room of his father Herod, he was afraid to go thither: notwithstanding, being warned of God in a dream, he turned aside into the parts of Galilee:	
Matthew 2:3	When Herod the king had heard these things, he was troubled, and all Jerusalem with him.	
Matthew 3:11	I indeed baptize you with water unto repentance: but he that cometh after me is mightier than I, whose shoes I am not worthy to bear: he shall baptize you with the Holy Ghost, and with fire:	
Matthew 3:13	Then cometh Jesus from Galilee to Jordan unto John, to be baptized of him.	
Matthew 3:15	And Jesus answering said unto him, Suffer it to be so now: for thus it becometh us to fulfil all righteousness. Then he suffered him.	
Matthew 3:16	And Jesus, when he was baptized, went up straightway out of the water: and, lo, the heavens were opened unto him, and he saw the Spirit of God descending like a dove, and lighting upon him:	
Matthew 3:9	And think not to say within yourselves, We have Abraham to our father: for I say unto you, that God is able of these stones to raise up children unto Abraham.	
Matthew 4:12	Now when Jesus had heard that John was cast into prison, he departed into Galilee;	
Matthew 4:17	From that time Jesus began to preach, and to say, Repent: for the kingdom of heaven is at hand.	
Matthew 4:18	And Jesus, walking by the sea of Galilee, saw two brethren, Simon called Peter, and Andrew his brother, casting a net into the sea: for they were fishers.	
Matthew 4:22	And they immediately left the ship and their father, and followed him.	
Matthew 4:23	And Jesus went about all Galilee, teaching in their synagogues, and preaching the gospel of the kingdom, and healing all manner of sickness and all manner of disease among the people.	
Matthew 4:25	And there followed him great multitudes of people from Galilee, and from Decapolis, and from Jerusalem, and from Judaea, and from beyond Jordan.	
Matthew 4:8	Again, the devil taketh him up into an exceeding high mountain, and sheweth him all the kingdoms of the world, and the glory of them;	
Matthew 4:9	And saith unto him, All these things will I give thee, if thou wilt fall down and worship me.	
Matthew 5:11	Blessed are ye, when men shall revile you, and persecute you, and shall say all manner of evil against you falsely, for my sake.	
Matthew 5:18	For verily I say unto you, Till heaven and earth pass, one jot or one tittle shall in no wise pass from the law, till all be fulfilled.	
Matthew 5:20	For I say unto you, That except your righteousness shall exceed the righteousness of the scribes and Pharisees, ye shall in no case enter into the kingdom of heaven.	
Matthew 5:26	Verily I say unto thee, Thou shalt by no means come out thence, till thou hast paid the uttermost farthing.	
Matthew 5:29	And if thy right eye offend thee, pluck it out, and cast it from thee: for it is profitable for thee that one of thy members should perish, and not that thy whole body should be cast into hell.	
Matthew 5:33	Again, ye have heard that it hath been said by them of old time, Thou shalt not forswear thyself, but shalt perform unto the Lord thine oaths:	
Matthew 5:35	Nor by the earth; for it is his footstool: neither by Jerusalem; for it is the city of the great King.	
Matthew 5:37	But let your communication be, Yea, yea; Nay, nay: for whatsoever is more than these cometh of evil.	
Matthew 5:46	For if ye love them which love you, what reward have ye? do not even the publicans the same?	
Matthew 5:8	Blessed are the pure in heart: for they shall see God.	
Matthew 6:12	And forgive us our debts, as we forgive our debtors.	
Matthew 6:14	For if ye forgive men their trespasses, your heavenly Father will also forgive you:	
Matthew 6:17	But thou, when thou fastest, anoint thine head, and wash thy face;	
Matthew 6:20	But lay up for yourselves treasures in heaven, where neither moth nor rust doth corrupt, and where thieves do not break through nor steal:	
Matthew 6:22	The light of the body is the eye: if therefore thine eye be single, thy whole body shall be full of light.	
Matthew 6:23	But if thine eye be evil, thy whole body shall be full of darkness. If therefore the light that is in thee be darkness, how great is that darkness!	
Matthew 6:29	And yet I say unto you, That even Solomon in all his glory was not arrayed like one of these.	
Matthew 6:9	After this manner therefore pray ye: Our Father which art in heaven, Hallowed be thy name.	
Matthew 7:18	A good tree cannot bring forth evil fruit, neither can a corrupt tree bring forth good fruit.	
Matthew 7:2	For with what judgment ye judge, ye shall be judged: and with what measure ye mete, it shall be measured to you again.	
Matthew 7:20	Wherefore by their fruits ye shall know them.	
Matthew 7:21	Not every one that saith unto me, Lord, Lord, shall enter into the kingdom of heaven; but he that doeth the will of my Father which is in heaven.	
Matthew 7:28	And it came to pass, when Jesus had ended these sayings, the people were astonished at his doctrine:	
Matthew 7:5	Thou hypocrite, first cast out the beam out of thine own eye; and then shalt thou see clearly to cast out the mote out of thy brother's eye.	
Matthew 7:9	Or what man is there of you, whom if his son ask bread, will he give him a stone?	
Matthew 8:10	When Jesus heard it, he marvelled, and said to them that followed, Verily I say unto you, I have not found so great faith, no, not in Israel.	
Matthew 8:2	And, behold, there came a leper and worshipped him, saying, Lord, if thou wilt, thou canst make me clean.	
Matthew 8:26	And he saith unto them, Why are ye fearful, O ye of little faith? Then he arose, and rebuked the winds and the sea; and there was a great calm.	
Matthew 8:30	And there was a good way off from them an herd of many swine feeding.	
Matthew 8:31	So the devils besought him, saying, If thou cast us out, suffer us to go away into the herd of swine.	
Matthew 8:32	And he said unto them, Go. And when they were come out, they went into the herd of swine: and, behold, the whole herd of swine ran violently down a steep place into the sea, and perished in the waters.	
Matthew 8:34	And, behold, the whole city came out to meet Jesus: and when they saw him, they besought him that he would depart out of their coasts.	
Matthew 8:5	And when Jesus was entered into Capernaum, there came unto him a centurion, beseeching him,	
Matthew 8:7	And Jesus saith unto him, I will come and heal him.	
Matthew 8:8	The centurion answered and said, Lord, I am not worthy that thou shouldest come under my roof: but speak the word only, and my servant shall be healed.	
Matthew 9:1	And he entered into a ship, and passed over, and came into his own city.	
Matthew 9:11	And when the Pharisees saw it, they said unto his disciples, Why eateth your Master with publicans and sinners?	
Matthew 9:12	But when Jesus heard that, he said unto them, They that be whole need not a physician, but they that are sick.	
Matthew 9:19	And Jesus arose, and followed him, and so did his disciples.	
Matthew 9:23	And when Jesus came into the ruler's house, and saw the minstrels and the people making a noise,	
Matthew 9:26	And the fame hereof went abroad into all that land.	
Matthew 9:30	And their eyes were opened; and Jesus straitly charged them, saying, See that no man know it.	
Matthew 9:32	As they went out, behold, they brought to him a dumb man possessed with a devil.	
Matthew 9:33	And when the devil was cast out, the dumb spake: and the multitudes marvelled, saying, It was never so seen in Israel.	
Matthew 9:37	Then saith he unto his disciples, The harvest truly is plenteous, but the labourers are few;	
Matthew 9:4	And Jesus knowing their thoughts said, Wherefore think ye evil in your hearts?	
Matthew 9:5	For whether is easier, to say, Thy sins be forgiven thee; or to say, Arise, and walk?	
Matthew 9:7	And he arose, and departed to his house.	
Micah 1:1	The word of the LORD that came to Micah the Morasthite in the days of Jotham, Ahaz, and Hezekiah, kings of Judah, which he saw concerning Samaria and Jerusalem.	
Micah 1:4	And the mountains shall be molten under him, and the valleys shall be cleft, as wax before the fire, and as the waters that are poured down a steep place.	
Micah 1:6	Therefore I will make Samaria as an heap of the field, and as plantings of a vineyard: and I will pour down the stones thereof into the valley, and I will discover the foundations thereof.	
Micah 2:12	I will surely assemble, O Jacob, all of thee; I will surely gather the remnant of Israel; I will put them together as the sheep of Bozrah, as the flock in the midst of their fold: they shall make great noise by reason of the multitude of men.	
Micah 2:13	The breaker is come up before them: they have broken up, and have passed through the gate, and are gone out by it: and their king shall pass before them, and the LORD on the head of them.	
Micah 2:5	Therefore thou shalt have none that shall cast a cord by lot in the congregation of the LORD.	
Micah 2:6	Prophesy ye not, say they to them that prophesy: they shall not prophesy to them, that they shall not take shame.	
Micah 2:9	The women of my people have ye cast out from their pleasant houses; from their children have ye taken away my glory for ever.	
Micah 3:1	And I said, Hear, I pray you, O heads of Jacob, and ye princes of the house of Israel; Is it not for you to know judgment?	
Micah 3:12	Therefore shall Zion for your sake be plowed as a field, and Jerusalem shall become heaps, and the mountain of the house as the high places of the forest.	
Micah 3:5	Thus saith the LORD concerning the prophets that make my people err, that bite with their teeth, and cry, Peace; and he that putteth not into their mouths, they even prepare war against him.	
Micah 4:2	And many nations shall come, and say, Come, and let us go up to the mountain of the LORD, and to the house of the God of Jacob; and he will teach us of his ways, and we will walk in his paths: for the law shall go forth of Zion, and the word of the LORD from Jerusalem.	
Micah 4:3	And he shall judge among many people, and rebuke strong nations afar off; and they shall beat their swords into plowshares, and their spears into pruninghooks: nation shall not lift up a sword against nation, neither shall they learn war any more.	
Micah 5:11	And I will cut off the cities of thy land, and throw down all thy strong holds:	
Micah 5:3	Therefore will he give them up, until the time that she which travaileth hath brought forth: then the remnant of his brethren shall return unto the children of Israel.	
Micah 5:4	And he shall stand and feed in the strength of the LORD, in the majesty of the name of the LORD his God; and they shall abide: for now shall he be great unto the ends of the earth.	
Micah 6:10	Are there yet the treasures of wickedness in the house of the wicked, and the scant measure that is abominable?	
Micah 6:11	Shall I count them pure with the wicked balances, and with the bag of deceitful weights?	
Micah 6:7	Will the LORD be pleased with thousands of rams, or with ten thousands of rivers of oil? shall I give my firstborn for my transgression, the fruit of my body for the sin of my soul?	
Micah 6:8	He hath shewed thee, O man, what is good; and what doth the LORD require of thee, but to do justly, and to love mercy, and to walk humbly with thy God?	
Micah 7:1	Woe is me! for I am as when they have gathered the summer fruits, as the grapegleanings of the vintage: there is no cluster to eat: my soul desired the firstripe fruit.	
Micah 7:14	Feed thy people with thy rod, the flock of thine heritage, which dwell solitarily in the wood, in the midst of Carmel: let them feed in Bashan and Gilead, as in the days of old.	
Micah 7:17	They shall lick the dust like a serpent, they shall move out of their holes like worms of the earth: they shall be afraid of the LORD our God, and shall fear because of thee.	
Micah 7:19	He will turn again, he will have compassion upon us; he will subdue our iniquities; and thou wilt cast all their sins into the depths of the sea.	
Micah 7:5	Trust ye not in a friend, put ye not confidence in a guide: keep the doors of thy mouth from her that lieth in thy bosom.	
Micah 7:7	Therefore I will look unto the LORD; I will wait for the God of my salvation: my God will hear me.	
Nahum 1:1	The burden of Nineveh. The book of the vision of Nahum the Elkoshite.	
Nahum 2:2	For the LORD hath turned away the excellency of Jacob, as the excellency of Israel: for the emptiers have emptied them out, and marred their vine branches.	
Nahum 2:3	The shield of his mighty men is made red, the valiant men are in scarlet: the chariots shall be with flaming torches in the day of his preparation, and the fir trees shall be terribly shaken.	
Nahum 2:5	He shall recount his worthies: they shall stumble in their walk; they shall make haste to the wall thereof, and the defence shall be prepared.	
Nahum 2:8	But Nineveh is of old like a pool of water: yet they shall flee away. Stand, stand, shall they cry; but none shall look back.	
Nahum 3:11	Thou also shalt be drunken: thou shalt be hid, thou also shalt seek strength because of the enemy.	
Nahum 3:12	All thy strong holds shall be like fig trees with the firstripe figs: if they be shaken, they shall even fall into the mouth of the eater.	
Nahum 3:13	Behold, thy people in the midst of thee are women: the gates of thy land shall be set wide open unto thine enemies: the fire shall devour thy bars.	
Nahum 3:15	There shall the fire devour thee; the sword shall cut thee off, it shall eat thee up like the cankerworm: make thyself many as the cankerworm, make thyself many as the locusts.	
Nahum 3:19	There is no healing of thy bruise; thy wound is grievous: all that hear the bruit of thee shall clap the hands over thee: for upon whom hath not thy wickedness passed continually?	
Nahum 3:3	The horseman lifteth up both the bright sword and the glittering spear: and there is a multitude of slain, and a great number of carcases; and there is none end of their corpses; they stumble upon their corpses:	
Nahum 3:5	Behold, I am against thee, saith the LORD of hosts; and I will discover thy skirts upon thy face, and I will shew the nations thy nakedness, and the kingdoms thy shame.	
Nahum 3:6	And I will cast abominable filth upon thee, and make thee vile, and will set thee as a gazingstock.	
Nahum 3:7	And it shall come to pass, that all they that look upon thee shall flee from thee, and say, Nineveh is laid waste: who will bemoan her? whence shall I seek comforters for thee?	
Nehemiah 10:11	Micha, Rehob, Hashabiah,	
Nehemiah 10:18	Hodijah, Hashum, Bezai,	
Nehemiah 10:33	For the shewbread, and for the continual meat offering, and for the continual burnt offering, of the sabbaths, of the new moons, for the set feasts, and for the holy things, and for the sin offerings to make an atonement for Israel, and for all the work of the house of our God.	
Nehemiah 10:36	Also the firstborn of our sons, and of our cattle, as it is written in the law, and the firstlings of our herds and of our flocks, to bring to the house of our God, unto the priests that minister in the house of our God:	
Nehemiah 10:5	Harim, Meremoth, Obadiah,	
Nehemiah 10:7	Meshullam, Abijah, Mijamin,	
Nehemiah 11:10	Of the priests: Jedaiah the son of Joiarib, Jachin.	
Nehemiah 11:16	And Shabbethai and Jozabad, of the chief of the Levites, had the oversight of the outward business of the house of God.	
Nehemiah 11:18	All the Levites in the holy city were two hundred fourscore and four.	
Nehemiah 11:19	Moreover the porters, Akkub, Talmon, and their brethren that kept the gates, were an hundred seventy and two.	
Nehemiah 11:20	And the residue of Israel, of the priests, and the Levites, were in all the cities of Judah, every one in his inheritance.	
Nehemiah 11:30	Zanoah, Adullam, and in their villages, at Lachish, and the fields thereof, at Azekah, and in the villages thereof. And they dwelt from Beersheba unto the valley of Hinnom.	
Nehemiah 11:33	Hazor, Ramah, Gittaim,	
Nehemiah 11:35	Lod, and Ono, the valley of craftsmen.	
Nehemiah 11:36	And of the Levites were divisions in Judah, and in Benjamin.	
Nehemiah 11:6	All the sons of Perez that dwelt at Jerusalem were four hundred threescore and eight valiant men.	
Nehemiah 11:7	And these are the sons of Benjamin; Sallu the son of Meshullam, the son of Joed, the son of Pedaiah, the son of Kolaiah, the son of Maaseiah, the son of Ithiel, the son of Jesaiah.	
Nehemiah 12:10	And Jeshua begat Joiakim, Joiakim also begat Eliashib, and Eliashib begat Joiada,	
Nehemiah 12:27	And at the dedication of the wall of Jerusalem they sought the Levites out of all their places, to bring them to Jerusalem, to keep the dedication with gladness, both with thanksgivings, and with singing, with cymbals, psalteries, and with harps.	
Nehemiah 12:43	Also that day they offered great sacrifices, and rejoiced: for God had made them rejoice with great joy: the wives also and the children rejoiced: so that the joy of Jerusalem was heard even afar off.	
Nehemiah 12:47	And all Israel in the days of Zerubbabel, and in the days of Nehemiah, gave the portions of the singers and the porters, every day his portion: and they sanctified holy things unto the Levites; and the Levites sanctified them unto the children of Aaron.	
Nehemiah 12:6	Shemaiah, and Joiarib, Jedaiah,	
Nehemiah 12:8	Moreover the Levites: Jeshua, Binnui, Kadmiel, Sherebiah, Judah, and Mattaniah, which was over the thanksgiving, he and his brethren.	
Nehemiah 13:10	And I perceived that the portions of the Levites had not been given them: for the Levites and the singers, that did the work, were fled every one to his field.	
Nehemiah 13:14	Remember me, O my God, concerning this, and wipe not out my good deeds that I have done for the house of my God, and for the offices thereof.	
Nehemiah 13:16	There dwelt men of Tyre also therein, which brought fish, and all manner of ware, and sold on the sabbath unto the children of Judah, and in Jerusalem.	
Nehemiah 13:2	Because they met not the children of Israel with bread and with water, but hired Balaam against them, that he should curse them: howbeit our God turned the curse into a blessing.	
Nehemiah 13:21	Then I testified against them, and said unto them, Why lodge ye about the wall? if ye do so again, I will lay hands on you. From that time forth came they no more on the sabbath.	
Nehemiah 13:24	And their children spake half in the speech of Ashdod, and could not speak in the Jews' language, but according to the language of each people.	
Nehemiah 13:27	Shall we then hearken unto you to do all this great evil, to transgress against our God in marrying strange wives?	
Nehemiah 13:29	Remember them, O my God, because they have defiled the priesthood, and the covenant of the priesthood, and of the Levites.	
Nehemiah 13:4	And before this, Eliashib the priest, having the oversight of the chamber of the house of our God, was allied unto Tobiah:	
Nehemiah 13:7	And I came to Jerusalem, and understood of the evil that Eliashib did for Tobiah, in preparing him a chamber in the courts of the house of God.	
Nehemiah 1:10	Now these are thy servants and thy people, whom thou hast redeemed by thy great power, and by thy strong hand.	
Nehemiah 1:11	O LORD, I beseech thee, let now thine ear be attentive to the prayer of thy servant, and to the prayer of thy servants, who desire to fear thy name: and prosper, I pray thee, thy servant this day, and grant him mercy in the sight of this man. For I was the king's cupbearer.	
Nehemiah 1:2	That Hanani, one of my brethren, came, he and certain men of Judah; and I asked them concerning the Jews that had escaped, which were left of the captivity, and concerning Jerusalem.	
Nehemiah 1:8	Remember, I beseech thee, the word that thou commandedst thy servant Moses, saying, If ye transgress, I will scatter you abroad among the nations:	
Nehemiah 2:15	Then went I up in the night by the brook, and viewed the wall, and turned back, and entered by the gate of the valley, and so returned.	
Nehemiah 2:20	Then answered I them, and said unto them, The God of heaven, he will prosper us; therefore we his servants will arise and build: but ye have no portion, nor right, nor memorial, in Jerusalem.	
Nehemiah 3:24	After him repaired Binnui the son of Henadad another piece, from the house of Azariah unto the turning of the wall, even unto the corner.	
Nehemiah 3:26	Moreover the Nethinims dwelt in Ophel, unto the place over against the water gate toward the east, and the tower that lieth out.	
Nehemiah 3:28	From above the horse gate repaired the priests, every one over against his house.	
Nehemiah 3:29	After them repaired Zadok the son of Immer over against his house. After him repaired also Shemaiah the son of Shechaniah, the keeper of the east gate.	
Nehemiah 4:10	And Judah said, The strength of the bearers of burdens is decayed, and there is much rubbish; so that we are not able to build the wall.	
Nehemiah 4:15	And it came to pass, when our enemies heard that it was known unto us, and God had brought their counsel to nought, that we returned all of us to the wall, every one unto his work.	
Nehemiah 4:16	And it came to pass from that time forth, that the half of my servants wrought in the work, and the other half of them held both the spears, the shields, and the bows, and the habergeons; and the rulers were behind all the house of Judah.	
Nehemiah 5:1	And there was a great cry of the people and of their wives against their brethren the Jews.	
Nehemiah 5:11	Restore, I pray you, to them, even this day, their lands, their vineyards, their oliveyards, and their houses, also the hundredth part of the money, and of the corn, the wine, and the oil, that ye exact of them.	
Nehemiah 5:12	Then said they, We will restore them, and will require nothing of them; so will we do as thou sayest. Then I called the priests, and took an oath of them, that they should do according to this promise.	
Nehemiah 5:16	Yea, also I continued in the work of this wall, neither bought we any land: and all my servants were gathered thither unto the work.	
Nehemiah 5:7	Then I consulted with myself, and I rebuked the nobles, and the rulers, and said unto them, Ye exact usury, every one of his brother. And I set a great assembly against them.	
Nehemiah 6:1	Now it came to pass when Sanballat, and Tobiah, and Geshem the Arabian, and the rest of our enemies, heard that I had builded the wall, and that there was no breach left therein; (though at that time I had not set up the doors upon the gates;)	
Nehemiah 6:13	Therefore was he hired, that I should be afraid, and do so, and sin, and that they might have matter for an evil report, that they might reproach me.	
Nehemiah 6:14	My God, think thou upon Tobiah and Sanballat according to these their works, and on the prophetess Noadiah, and the rest of the prophets, that would have put me in fear.	
Nehemiah 6:4	Yet they sent unto me four times after this sort; and I answered them after the same manner.	
Nehemiah 6:6	Wherein was written, It is reported among the heathen, and Gashmu saith it, that thou and the Jews think to rebel: for which cause thou buildest the wall, that thou mayest be their king, according to these words.	
Nehemiah 7:10	The children of Arah, six hundred fifty and two.	
Nehemiah 7:11	The children of Pahathmoab, of the children of Jeshua and Joab, two thousand and eight hundred and eighteen.	
Nehemiah 7:12	The children of Elam, a thousand two hundred fifty and four.	
Nehemiah 7:2	That I gave my brother Hanani, and Hananiah the ruler of the palace, charge over Jerusalem: for he was a faithful man, and feared God above many.	
Nehemiah 7:21	The children of Ater of Hezekiah, ninety and eight.	
Nehemiah 7:26	The men of Bethlehem and Netophah, an hundred fourscore and eight.	
Nehemiah 7:32	The men of Bethel and Ai, an hundred twenty and three.	
Nehemiah 7:40	The children of Immer, a thousand fifty and two.	
Nehemiah 7:42	The children of Harim, a thousand and seventeen.	
Nehemiah 7:5	And my God put into mine heart to gather together the nobles, and the rulers, and the people, that they might be reckoned by genealogy. And I found a register of the genealogy of them which came up at the first, and found written therein,	
Nehemiah 7:53	The children of Bakbuk, the children of Hakupha, the children of Harhur,	
Nehemiah 7:59	The children of Shephatiah, the children of Hattil, the children of Pochereth of Zebaim, the children of Amon.	
Nehemiah 7:6	These are the children of the province, that went up out of the captivity, of those that had been carried away, whom Nebuchadnezzar the king of Babylon had carried away, and came again to Jerusalem and to Judah, every one unto his city;	
Nehemiah 7:61	And these were they which went up also from Telmelah, Telharesha, Cherub, Addon, and Immer: but they could not shew their father's house, nor their seed, whether they were of Israel.	
Nehemiah 7:62	The children of Delaiah, the children of Tobiah, the children of Nekoda, six hundred forty and two.	
Nehemiah 7:64	These sought their register among those that were reckoned by genealogy, but it was not found: therefore were they, as polluted, put from the priesthood.	
Nehemiah 7:65	And the Tirshatha said unto them, that they should not eat of the most holy things, till there stood up a priest with Urim and Thummim.	
Nehemiah 7:66	The whole congregation together was forty and two thousand three hundred and threescore,	
Nehemiah 7:67	Beside their manservants and their maidservants, of whom there were seven thousand three hundred thirty and seven: and they had two hundred forty and five singing men and singing women.	
Nehemiah 7:68	Their horses, seven hundred thirty and six: their mules, two hundred forty and five:	
Nehemiah 7:69	Their camels, four hundred thirty and five: six thousand seven hundred and twenty asses.	
Nehemiah 8:10	Then he said unto them, Go your way, eat the fat, and drink the sweet, and send portions unto them for whom nothing is prepared: for this day is holy unto our LORD: neither be ye sorry; for the joy of the LORD is your strength.	
Nehemiah 8:13	And on the second day were gathered together the chief of the fathers of all the people, the priests, and the Levites, unto Ezra the scribe, even to understand the words of the law.	
Nehemiah 8:14	And they found written in the law which the LORD had commanded by Moses, that the children of Israel should dwell in booths in the feast of the seventh month:	
Nehemiah 8:18	Also day by day, from the first day unto the last day, he read in the book of the law of God. And they kept the feast seven days; and on the eighth day was a solemn assembly, according unto the manner.	
Nehemiah 8:8	So they read in the book in the law of God distinctly, and gave the sense, and caused them to understand the reading.	
Nehemiah 9:10	And shewedst signs and wonders upon Pharaoh, and on all his servants, and on all the people of his land: for thou knewest that they dealt proudly against them. So didst thou get thee a name, as it is this day.	
Nehemiah 9:14	And madest known unto them thy holy sabbath, and commandedst them precepts, statutes, and laws, by the hand of Moses thy servant:	
Nehemiah 9:17	And refused to obey, neither were mindful of thy wonders that thou didst among them; but hardened their necks, and in their rebellion appointed a captain to return to their bondage: but thou art a God ready to pardon, gracious and merciful, slow to anger, and of great kindness, and forsookest them not.	
Nehemiah 9:9	And didst see the affliction of our fathers in Egypt, and heardest their cry by the Red sea;	
Numbers 10:1	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,	
Numbers 10:11	And it came to pass on the twentieth day of the second month, in the second year, that the cloud was taken up from off the tabernacle of the testimony.	
Numbers 10:12	And the children of Israel took their journeys out of the wilderness of Sinai; and the cloud rested in the wilderness of Paran.	
Numbers 10:14	In the first place went the standard of the camp of the children of Judah according to their armies: and over his host was Nahshon the son of Amminadab.	
Numbers 10:2	Make thee two trumpets of silver; of a whole piece shalt thou make them: that thou mayest use them for the calling of the assembly, and for the journeying of the camps.	
Numbers 10:21	And the Kohathites set forward, bearing the sanctuary: and the other did set up the tabernacle against they came.	
Numbers 10:22	And the standard of the camp of the children of Ephraim set forward according to their armies: and over his host was Elishama the son of Ammihud.	
Numbers 10:27	And over the host of the tribe of the children of Naphtali was Ahira the son of Enan.	
Numbers 10:3	And when they shall blow with them, all the assembly shall assemble themselves to thee at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation.	
Numbers 10:31	And he said, Leave us not, I pray thee; forasmuch as thou knowest how we are to encamp in the wilderness, and thou mayest be to us instead of eyes.	
Numbers 10:6	When ye blow an alarm the second time, then the camps that lie on the south side shall take their journey: they shall blow an alarm for their journeys.	
Numbers 11:12	Have I conceived all this people? have I begotten them, that thou shouldest say unto me, Carry them in thy bosom, as a nursing father beareth the sucking child, unto the land which thou swarest unto their fathers?	
Numbers 11:20	But even a whole month, until it come out at your nostrils, and it be loathsome unto you: because that ye have despised the LORD which is among you, and have wept before him, saying, Why came we forth out of Egypt?	
Numbers 11:21	And Moses said, The people, among whom I am, are six hundred thousand footmen; and thou hast said, I will give them flesh, that they may eat a whole month.	
Numbers 11:23	And the LORD said unto Moses, Is the LORD's hand waxed short? thou shalt see now whether my word shall come to pass unto thee or not.	
Numbers 11:3	And he called the name of the place Taberah: because the fire of the LORD burnt among them.	
Numbers 11:6	But now our soul is dried away: there is nothing at all, beside this manna, before our eyes.	
Numbers 12:1	And Miriam and Aaron spake against Moses because of the Ethiopian woman whom he had married: for he had married an Ethiopian woman.	
Numbers 12:13	And Moses cried unto the LORD, saying, Heal her now, O God, I beseech thee.	
Numbers 12:14	And the LORD said unto Moses, If her father had but spit in her face, should she not be ashamed seven days? let her be shut out from the camp seven days, and after that let her be received in again.	
Numbers 12:6	And he said, Hear now my words: If there be a prophet among you, I the LORD will make myself known unto him in a vision, and will speak unto him in a dream.	
Numbers 12:7	My servant Moses is not so, who is faithful in all mine house.	
Numbers 13:12	Of the tribe of Dan, Ammiel the son of Gemalli.	
Numbers 13:15	Of the tribe of Gad, Geuel the son of Machi.	
Numbers 13:16	These are the names of the men which Moses sent to spy out the land. And Moses called Oshea the son of Nun Jehoshua.	
Numbers 13:20	And what the land is, whether it be fat or lean, whether there be wood therein, or not. And be ye of good courage, and bring of the fruit of the land. Now the time was the time of the first ripe grapes.	
Numbers 13:21	So they went up, and searched the land from the wilderness of Zin unto Rehob, as men come to Hamath.	
Numbers 13:27	And they told him, and said, We came unto the land whither thou sentest us, and surely it floweth with milk and honey; and this is the fruit of it.	
Numbers 13:3	And Moses by the commandment of the LORD sent them from the wilderness of Paran: all those men were heads of the children of Israel.	
Numbers 13:31	But the men that went up with him said, We be not able to go up against the people; for they are stronger than we.	
Numbers 14:12	I will smite them with the pestilence, and disinherit them, and will make of thee a greater nation and mightier than they.	
Numbers 14:15	Now if thou shalt kill all this people as one man, then the nations which have heard the fame of thee will speak, saying,	
Numbers 14:20	And the LORD said, I have pardoned according to thy word:	
Numbers 14:27	How long shall I bear with this evil congregation, which murmur against me? I have heard the murmurings of the children of Israel, which they murmur against me.	
Numbers 14:33	And your children shall wander in the wilderness forty years, and bear your whoredoms, until your carcasses be wasted in the wilderness.	
Numbers 14:37	Even those men that did bring up the evil report upon the land, died by the plague before the LORD.	
Numbers 14:38	But Joshua the son of Nun, and Caleb the son of Jephunneh, which were of the men that went to search the land, lived still.	
Numbers 15:12	According to the number that ye shall prepare, so shall ye do to every one according to their number.	
Numbers 15:17	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,	
Numbers 15:18	Speak unto the children of Israel, and say unto them, When ye come into the land whither I bring you,	
Numbers 15:22	And if ye have erred, and not observed all these commandments, which the LORD hath spoken unto Moses,	
Numbers 15:25	And the priest shall make an atonement for all the congregation of the children of Israel, and it shall be forgiven them; for it is ignorance: and they shall bring their offering, a sacrifice made by fire unto the LORD, and their sin offering before the LORD, for their ignorance:	
Numbers 15:30	But the soul that doeth ought presumptuously, whether he be born in the land, or a stranger, the same reproacheth the LORD; and that soul shall be cut off from among his people.	
Numbers 15:39	And it shall be unto you for a fringe, that ye may look upon it, and remember all the commandments of the LORD, and do them; and that ye seek not after your own heart and your own eyes, after which ye use to go a whoring:	
Numbers 15:5	And the fourth part of an hin of wine for a drink offering shalt thou prepare with the burnt offering or sacrifice, for one lamb.	
Numbers 15:6	Or for a ram, thou shalt prepare for a meat offering two tenth deals of flour mingled with the third part of an hin of oil.	
Numbers 15:7	And for a drink offering thou shalt offer the third part of an hin of wine, for a sweet savor unto the LORD.	
Numbers 16:14	Moreover thou hast not brought us into a land that floweth with milk and honey, or given us inheritance of fields and vineyards: wilt thou put out the eyes of these men? we will not come up.	
Numbers 16:15	And Moses was very wroth, and said unto the LORD, Respect not thou their offering: I have not taken one ass from them, neither have I hurt one of them.	
Numbers 16:18	And they took every man his censer, and put fire in them, and laid incense thereon, and stood in the door of the tabernacle of the congregation with Moses and Aaron.	
Numbers 16:21	Separate yourselves from among this congregation, that I may consume them in a moment.	
Numbers 16:33	They, and all that appertained to them, went down alive into the pit, and the earth closed upon them: and they perished from among the congregation.	
Numbers 16:35	And there came out a fire from the LORD, and consumed the two hundred and fifty men that offered incense.	
Numbers 16:36	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,	
Numbers 16:39	And Eleazar the priest took the brazen censers, wherewith they that were burnt had offered; and they were made broad plates for a covering of the altar:	
Numbers 16:43	And Moses and Aaron came before the tabernacle of the congregation.	
Numbers 16:45	Get you up from among this congregation, that I may consume them as in a moment. And they fell upon their faces.	
Numbers 16:46	And Moses said unto Aaron, Take a censer, and put fire therein from off the altar, and put on incense, and go quickly unto the congregation, and make an atonement for them: for there is wrath gone out from the LORD; the plague is begun.	
Numbers 16:47	And Aaron took as Moses commanded, and ran into the midst of the congregation; and, behold, the plague was begun among the people: and he put on incense, and made an atonement for the people.	
Numbers 16:50	And Aaron returned unto Moses unto the door of the tabernacle of the congregation: and the plague was stayed.	
Numbers 16:8	And Moses said unto Korah, Hear, I pray you, ye sons of Levi:	
Numbers 17:2	Speak unto the children of Israel, and take of every one of them a rod according to the house of their fathers, of all their princes according to the house of their fathers twelve rods: write thou every man's name upon his rod.	
Numbers 17:3	And thou shalt write Aaron's name upon the rod of Levi: for one rod shall be for the head of the house of their fathers.	
Numbers 17:4	And thou shalt lay them up in the tabernacle of the congregation before the testimony, where I will meet with you.	
Numbers 17:7	And Moses laid up the rods before the LORD in the tabernacle of witness.	
Numbers 17:8	And it came to pass, that on the morrow Moses went into the tabernacle of witness; and, behold, the rod of Aaron for the house of Levi was budded, and brought forth buds, and bloomed blossoms, and yielded almonds.	
Numbers 18:10	In the most holy place shalt thou eat it; every male shall eat it: it shall be holy unto thee.	
Numbers 18:17	But the firstling of a cow, or the firstling of a sheep, or the firstling of a goat, thou shalt not redeem; they are holy: thou shalt sprinkle their blood upon the altar, and shalt burn their fat for an offering made by fire, for a sweet savor unto the LORD.	
Numbers 18:24	But the tithes of the children of Israel, which they offer as an heave offering unto the LORD, I have given to the Levites to inherit: therefore I have said unto them, Among the children of Israel they shall have no inheritance.	
Numbers 18:26	Thus speak unto the Levites, and say unto them, When ye take of the children of Israel the tithes which I have given you from them for your inheritance, then ye shall offer up an heave offering of it for the LORD, even a tenth part of the tithe.	
Numbers 19:10	And he that gathereth the ashes of the heifer shall wash his clothes, and be unclean until the even: and it shall be unto the children of Israel, and unto the stranger that sojourneth among them, for a statute for ever.	
Numbers 19:18	And a clean person shall take hyssop, and dip it in the water, and sprinkle it upon the tent, and upon all the vessels, and upon the persons that were there, and upon him that touched a bone, or one slain, or one dead, or a grave:	
Numbers 19:19	And the clean person shall sprinkle upon the unclean on the third day, and on the seventh day: and on the seventh day he shall purify himself, and wash his clothes, and bathe himself in water, and shall be clean at even.	
Numbers 19:22	And whatsoever the unclean person toucheth shall be unclean; and the soul that toucheth it shall be unclean until even.	
Numbers 19:5	And one shall burn the heifer in his sight; her skin, and her flesh, and her blood, with her dung, shall he burn:	
Numbers 19:6	And the priest shall take cedar wood, and hyssop, and scarlet, and cast it into the midst of the burning of the heifer.	
Numbers 1:11	Of Benjamin; Abidan the son of Gideoni.	
Numbers 1:12	Of Dan; Ahiezer the son of Ammishaddai.	
Numbers 1:15	Of Naphtali; Ahira the son of Enan.	
Numbers 1:21	Those that were numbered of them, even of the tribe of Reuben, were forty and six thousand and five hundred.	
Numbers 1:24	Of the children of Gad, by their generations, after their families, by the house of their fathers, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war;	
Numbers 1:26	Of the children of Judah, by their generations, after their families, by the house of their fathers, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war;	
Numbers 1:32	Of the children of Joseph, namely, of the children of Ephraim, by their generations, after their families, by the house of their fathers, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war;	
Numbers 1:35	Those that were numbered of them, even of the tribe of Manasseh, were thirty and two thousand and two hundred.	
Numbers 1:38	Of the children of Dan, by their generations, after their families, by the house of their fathers, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war;	
Numbers 1:4	And with you there shall be a man of every tribe; every one head of the house of his fathers.	
Numbers 1:47	But the Levites after the tribe of their fathers were not numbered among them.	
Numbers 1:48	For the LORD had spoken unto Moses, saying,	
Numbers 1:50	But thou shalt appoint the Levites over the tabernacle of testimony, and over all the vessels thereof, and over all things that belong to it: they shall bear the tabernacle, and all the vessels thereof; and they shall minister unto it, and shall encamp round about the tabernacle.	
Numbers 1:53	But the Levites shall pitch round about the tabernacle of testimony, that there be no wrath upon the congregation of the children of Israel: and the Levites shall keep the charge of the tabernacle of testimony.	
Numbers 1:8	Of Issachar; Nethaneel the son of Zuar.	
Numbers 20:18	And Edom said unto him, Thou shalt not pass by me, lest I come out against thee with the sword.	
Numbers 20:19	And the children of Israel said unto him, We will go by the high way: and if I and my cattle drink of thy water, then I will pay for it: I will only, without doing anything else, go through on my feet.	
Numbers 20:26	And strip Aaron of his garments, and put them upon Eleazar his son: and Aaron shall be gathered unto his people, and shall die there.	
Numbers 20:3	And the people chode with Moses, and spake, saying, Would God that we had died when our brethren died before the LORD!	
Numbers 20:8	Take the rod, and gather thou the assembly together, thou, and Aaron thy brother, and speak ye unto the rock before their eyes; and it shall give forth his water, and thou shalt bring forth to them water out of the rock: so thou shalt give the congregation and their beasts drink.	
Numbers 21:1	And when king Arad the Canaanite, which dwelt in the south, heard tell that Israel came by the way of the spies; then he fought against Israel, and took some of them prisoners.	
Numbers 21:12	From thence they removed, and pitched in the valley of Zared.	
Numbers 21:2	And Israel vowed a vow unto the LORD, and said, If thou wilt indeed deliver this people into my hand, then I will utterly destroy their cities.	
Numbers 21:23	And Sihon would not suffer Israel to pass through his border: but Sihon gathered all his people together, and went out against Israel into the wilderness: and he came to Jahaz, and fought against Israel.	
Numbers 21:29	Woe to thee, Moab! thou art undone, O people of Chemosh: he hath given his sons that escaped, and his daughters, into captivity unto Sihon king of the Amorites.	
Numbers 21:30	We have shot at them; Heshbon is perished even unto Dibon, and we have laid them waste even unto Nophah, which reacheth unto Medeba.	
Numbers 21:33	And they turned and went up by the way of Bashan: and Og the king of Bashan went out against them, he, and all his people, to the battle at Edrei.	
Numbers 22:11	Behold, there is a people come out of Egypt, which covereth the face of the earth: come now, curse me them; peradventure I shall be able to overcome them, and drive them out.	
Numbers 22:13	And Balaam rose up in the morning, and said unto the princes of Balak, Get you into your land: for the LORD refuseth to give me leave to go with you.	
Numbers 22:17	For I will promote thee unto very great honor, and I will do whatsoever thou sayest unto me: come therefore, I pray thee, curse me this people.	
Numbers 22:19	Now therefore, I pray you, tarry ye also here this night, that I may know what the LORD will say unto me more.	
Numbers 22:23	And the ass saw the angel of the LORD standing in the way, and his sword drawn in his hand: and the ass turned aside out of the way, and went into the field: and Balaam smote the ass, to turn her into the way.	
Numbers 22:29	And Balaam said unto the ass, Because thou hast mocked me: I would there were a sword in mine hand, for now would I kill thee.	
Numbers 22:37	And Balak said unto Balaam, Did I not earnestly send unto thee to call thee? wherefore camest thou not unto me? am I not able indeed to promote thee to honor?	
Numbers 22:38	And Balaam said unto Balak, Lo, I am come unto thee: have I now any power at all to say any thing? the word that God putteth in my mouth, that shall I speak.	
Numbers 22:5	He sent messengers therefore unto Balaam the son of Beor to Pethor, which is by the river of the land of the children of his people, to call him, saying, Behold, there is a people come out from Egypt: behold, they cover the face of the earth, and they abide over against me:	
Numbers 23:19	God is not a man, that he should lie; neither the son of man, that he should repent: hath he said, and shall he not do it? or hath he spoken, and shall he not make it good?	
Numbers 23:24	Behold, the people shall rise up as a great lion, and lift up himself as a young lion: he shall not lie down until he eat of the prey, and drink the blood of the slain.	
Numbers 23:27	And Balak said unto Balaam, Come, I pray thee, I will bring thee unto another place; peradventure it will please God that thou mayest curse me them from thence.	
Numbers 23:5	And the LORD put a word in Balaam's mouth, and said, Return unto Balak, and thus thou shalt speak.	
Numbers 23:6	And he returned unto him, and, lo, he stood by his burnt sacrifice, he, and all the princes of Moab.	
Numbers 23:7	And he took up his parable, and said, Balak the king of Moab hath brought me from Aram, out of the mountains of the east, saying, Come, curse me Jacob, and come, defy Israel.	
Numbers 23:8	How shall I curse, whom God hath not cursed? or how shall I defy, whom the LORD hath not defied?	
Numbers 24:1	And when Balaam saw that it pleased the LORD to bless Israel, he went not, as at other times, to seek for enchantments, but he set his face toward the wilderness.	
Numbers 24:10	And Balak's anger was kindled against Balaam, and he smote his hands together: and Balak said unto Balaam, I called thee to curse mine enemies, and, behold, thou hast altogether blessed them these three times.	
Numbers 24:12	And Balaam said unto Balak, Spake I not also to thy messengers which thou sentest unto me, saying,	
Numbers 24:17	I shall see him, but not now: I shall behold him, but not nigh: there shall come a Star out of Jacob, and a Sceptre shall rise out of Israel, and shall smite the corners of Moab, and destroy all the children of Sheth.	
Numbers 24:19	Out of Jacob shall come he that shall have dominion, and shall destroy him that remaineth of the city.	
Numbers 24:2	And Balaam lifted up his eyes, and he saw Israel abiding in his tents according to their tribes; and the spirit of God came upon him.	
Numbers 24:20	And when he looked on Amalek, he took up his parable, and said, Amalek was the first of the nations; but his latter end shall be that he perish for ever.	
Numbers 24:24	And ships shall come from the coast of Chittim, and shall afflict Asshur, and shall afflict Eber, and he also shall perish for ever.	
Numbers 24:6	As the valleys are they spread forth, as gardens by the river's side, as the trees of lign aloes which the LORD hath planted, and as cedar trees beside the waters.	
Numbers 25:12	Wherefore say, Behold, I give unto him my covenant of peace:	
Numbers 25:14	Now the name of the Israelite that was slain, even that was slain with the Midianitish woman, was Zimri, the son of Salu, a prince of a chief house among the Simeonites.	
Numbers 25:16	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,	
Numbers 25:17	Vex the Midianites, and smite them:	
Numbers 25:18	For they vex you with their wiles, wherewith they have beguiled you in the matter of Peor, and in the matter of Cozbi, the daughter of a prince of Midian, their sister, which was slain in the day of the plague for Peor's sake.	
Numbers 25:3	And Israel joined himself unto Baalpeor: and the anger of the LORD was kindled against Israel.	
Numbers 25:6	And, behold, one of the children of Israel came and brought unto his brethren a Midianitish woman in the sight of Moses, and in the sight of all the congregation of the children of Israel, who were weeping before the door of the tabernacle of the congregation.	
Numbers 25:7	And when Phinehas, the son of Eleazar, the son of Aaron the priest, saw it, he rose up from among the congregation, and took a javelin in his hand;	
Numbers 26:16	Of Ozni, the family of the Oznites: of Eri, the family of the Erites:	
Numbers 26:27	These are the families of the Zebulunites according to those that were numbered of them, threescore thousand and five hundred.	
Numbers 26:30	These are the sons of Gilead: of Jeezer, the family of the Jeezerites: of Helek, the family of the Helekites:	
Numbers 26:4	Take the sum of the people, from twenty years old and upward; as the LORD commanded Moses and the children of Israel, which went forth out of the land of Egypt.	
Numbers 26:40	And the sons of Bela were Ard and Naaman: of Ard, the family of the Ardites: and of Naaman, the family of the Naamites.	
Numbers 26:47	These are the families of the sons of Asher according to those that were numbered of them; who were fifty and three thousand and four hundred.	
Numbers 26:50	These are the families of Naphtali according to their families: and they that were numbered of them were forty and five thousand and four hundred.	
Numbers 26:53	Unto these the land shall be divided for an inheritance according to the number of names.	
Numbers 26:55	Notwithstanding the land shall be divided by lot: according to the names of the tribes of their fathers they shall inherit.	
Numbers 26:58	These are the families of the Levites: the family of the Libnites, the family of the Hebronites, the family of the Mahlites, the family of the Mushites, the family of the Korathites. And Kohath begat Amram.	
Numbers 26:6	Of Hezron, the family of the Hezronites: of Carmi, the family of the Carmites.	
Numbers 26:60	And unto Aaron was born Nadab, and Abihu, Eleazar, and Ithamar.	
Numbers 26:62	And those that were numbered of them were twenty and three thousand, all males from a month old and upward: for they were not numbered among the children of Israel, because there was no inheritance given them among the children of Israel.	
Numbers 26:9	And the sons of Eliab; Nemuel, and Dathan, and Abiram. This is that Dathan and Abiram, which were famous in the congregation, who strove against Moses and against Aaron in the company of Korah, when they strove against the LORD:	
Numbers 27:11	And if his father have no brethren, then ye shall give his inheritance unto his kinsman that is next to him of his family, and he shall possess it: and it shall be unto the children of Israel a statute of judgment, as the LORD commanded Moses.	
Numbers 27:14	For ye rebelled against my commandment in the desert of Zin, in the strife of the congregation, to sanctify me at the water before their eyes: that is the water of Meribah in Kadesh in the wilderness of Zin.	
Numbers 27:18	And the LORD said unto Moses, Take thee Joshua the son of Nun, a man in whom is the spirit, and lay thine hand upon him;	
Numbers 27:20	And thou shalt put some of thine honor upon him, that all the congregation of the children of Israel may be obedient.	
Numbers 27:21	And he shall stand before Eleazar the priest, who shall ask counsel for him after the judgment of Urim before the LORD: at his word shall they go out, and at his word they shall come in, both he, and all the children of Israel with him, even all the congregation.	
Numbers 27:22	And Moses did as the LORD commanded him: and he took Joshua, and set him before Eleazar the priest, and before all the congregation:	
Numbers 27:5	And Moses brought their cause before the LORD.	
Numbers 28:11	And in the beginnings of your months ye shall offer a burnt offering unto the LORD; two young bullocks, and one ram, seven lambs of the first year without spot;	
Numbers 28:12	And three tenth deals of flour for a meat offering, mingled with oil, for one bullock; and two tenth deals of flour for a meat offering, mingled with oil, for one ram;	
Numbers 28:16	And in the fourteenth day of the first month is the passover of the LORD.	
Numbers 28:18	In the first day shall be an holy convocation; ye shall do no manner of servile work therein:	
Numbers 28:19	But ye shall offer a sacrifice made by fire for a burnt offering unto the LORD; two young bullocks, and one ram, and seven lambs of the first year: they shall be unto you without blemish:	
Numbers 28:22	And one goat for a sin offering, to make an atonement for you.	
Numbers 28:26	Also in the day of the firstfruits, when ye bring a new meat offering unto the LORD, after your weeks be out, ye shall have an holy convocation; ye shall do no servile work:	
Numbers 28:27	But ye shall offer the burnt offering for a sweet savor unto the LORD; two young bullocks, one ram, seven lambs of the first year;	
Numbers 28:28	And their meat offering of flour mingled with oil, three tenth deals unto one bullock, two tenth deals unto one ram,	
Numbers 28:4	The one lamb shalt thou offer in the morning, and the other lamb shalt thou offer at even;	
Numbers 28:9	And on the sabbath day two lambs of the first year without spot, and two tenth deals of flour for a meat offering, mingled with oil, and the drink offering thereof:	
Numbers 29:1	And in the seventh month, on the first day of the month, ye shall have an holy convocation; ye shall do no servile work: it is a day of blowing the trumpets unto you.	
Numbers 29:12	And on the fifteenth day of the seventh month ye shall have an holy convocation; ye shall do no servile work, and ye shall keep a feast unto the LORD seven days:	
Numbers 29:15	And a several tenth deal to each lamb of the fourteen lambs:	
Numbers 29:16	And one kid of the goats for a sin offering; beside the continual burnt offering, his meat offering, and his drink offering.	
Numbers 29:17	And on the second day ye shall offer twelve young bullocks, two rams, fourteen lambs of the first year without spot:	
Numbers 29:23	And on the fourth day ten bullocks, two rams, and fourteen lambs of the first year without blemish:	
Numbers 29:27	And their meat offering and their drink offerings for the bullocks, for the rams, and for the lambs, shall be according to their number, after the manner:	
Numbers 29:30	And their meat offering and their drink offerings for the bullocks, for the rams, and for the lambs, shall be according to their number, after the manner:	
Numbers 29:31	And one goat for a sin offering; beside the continual burnt offering, his meat offering, and his drink offering.	
Numbers 2:11	And his host, and those that were numbered thereof, were forty and six thousand and five hundred.	
Numbers 2:12	And those which pitch by him shall be the tribe of Simeon: and the captain of the children of Simeon shall be Shelumiel the son of Zurishaddai.	
Numbers 2:13	And his host, and those that were numbered of them, were fifty and nine thousand and three hundred.	
Numbers 2:28	And his host, and those that were numbered of them, were forty and one thousand and five hundred.	
Numbers 2:33	But the Levites were not numbered among the children of Israel; as the LORD commanded Moses.	
Numbers 2:4	And his host, and those that were numbered of them, were threescore and fourteen thousand and six hundred.	
Numbers 30:15	But if he shall any ways make them void after that he hath heard them; then he shall bear her iniquity.	
Numbers 30:2	If a man vow a vow unto the LORD, or swear an oath to bind his soul with a bond; he shall not break his word, he shall do according to all that proceedeth out of his mouth.	
Numbers 30:3	If a woman also vow a vow unto the LORD, and bind herself by a bond, being in her father's house in her youth;	
Numbers 31:12	And they brought the captives, and the prey, and the spoil, unto Moses, and Eleazar the priest, and unto the congregation of the children of Israel, unto the camp at the plains of Moab, which are by Jordan near Jericho.	
Numbers 31:16	Behold, these caused the children of Israel, through the counsel of Balaam, to commit trespass against the LORD in the matter of Peor, and there was a plague among the congregation of the LORD.	
Numbers 31:17	Now therefore kill every male among the little ones, and kill every woman that hath known man by lying with him.	
Numbers 31:18	But all the women children, that have not known a man by lying with him, keep alive for yourselves.	
Numbers 31:21	And Eleazar the priest said unto the men of war which went to the battle, This is the ordinance of the law which the LORD commanded Moses;	
Numbers 31:31	And Moses and Eleazar the priest did as the LORD commanded Moses.	
Numbers 31:35	And thirty and two thousand persons in all, of women that had not known man by lying with him.	
Numbers 31:37	And the LORD's tribute of the sheep was six hundred and threescore and fifteen.	
Numbers 31:43	(Now the half that pertained unto the congregation was three hundred thousand and thirty thousand and seven thousand and five hundred sheep,	
Numbers 31:46	And sixteen thousand persons;)	
Numbers 31:51	And Moses and Eleazar the priest took the gold of them, even all wrought jewels.	
Numbers 31:53	(For the men of war had taken spoil, every man for himself.)	
Numbers 31:8	And they slew the kings of Midian, beside the rest of them that were slain; namely, Evi, and Rekem, and Zur, and Hur, and Reba, five kings of Midian: Balaam also the son of Beor they slew with the sword.	
Numbers 31:9	And the children of Israel took all the women of Midian captives, and their little ones, and took the spoil of all their cattle, and all their flocks, and all their goods.	
Numbers 32:10	And the LORD's anger was kindled the same time, and he sware, saying,	
Numbers 32:12	Save Caleb the son of Jephunneh the Kenezite, and Joshua the son of Nun: for they have wholly followed the LORD.	
Numbers 32:21	And will go all of you armed over Jordan before the LORD, until he hath driven out his enemies from before him,	
Numbers 32:28	So concerning them Moses commanded Eleazar the priest, and Joshua the son of Nun, and the chief fathers of the tribes of the children of Israel:	
Numbers 32:37	And the children of Reuben built Heshbon, and Elealeh, and Kirjathaim,	
Numbers 32:4	Even the country which the LORD smote before the congregation of Israel, is a land for cattle, and thy servants have cattle:	
Numbers 32:42	And Nobah went and took Kenath, and the villages thereof, and called it Nobah, after his own name.	
Numbers 32:5	Wherefore, said they, if we have found grace in thy sight, let this land be given unto thy servants for a possession, and bring us not over Jordan.	
Numbers 33:10	And they removed from Elim, and encamped by the Red sea.	
Numbers 33:11	And they removed from the Red sea, and encamped in the wilderness of Sin.	
Numbers 33:15	And they departed from Rephidim, and pitched in the wilderness of Sinai.	
Numbers 33:20	And they departed from Rimmonparez, and pitched in Libnah.	
Numbers 33:33	And they went from Horhagidgad, and pitched in Jotbathah.	
Numbers 33:38	And Aaron the priest went up into mount Hor at the commandment of the LORD, and died there, in the fortieth year after the children of Israel were come out of the land of Egypt, in the first day of the fifth month.	
Numbers 33:42	And they departed from Zalmonah, and pitched in Punon.	
Numbers 33:45	And they departed from Iim, and pitched in Dibongad.	
Numbers 33:5	And the children of Israel removed from Rameses, and pitched in Succoth.	
Numbers 33:51	Speak unto the children of Israel, and say unto them, When ye are passed over Jordan into the land of Canaan;	
Numbers 33:56	Moreover it shall come to pass, that I shall do unto you, as I thought to do unto them.	
Numbers 33:6	And they departed from Succoth, and pitched in Etham, which is in the edge of the wilderness.	
Numbers 33:7	And they removed from Etham, and turned again unto Pihahiroth, which is before Baalzephon: and they pitched before Migdol.	
Numbers 34:11	And the coast shall go down from Shepham to Riblah, on the east side of Ain; and the border shall descend, and shall reach unto the side of the sea of Chinnereth eastward:	
Numbers 34:19	And the names of the men are these: Of the tribe of Judah, Caleb the son of Jephunneh.	
Numbers 34:20	And of the tribe of the children of Simeon, Shemuel the son of Ammihud.	
Numbers 34:25	And the prince of the tribe of the children of Zebulun, Elizaphan the son of Parnach.	
Numbers 34:7	And this shall be your north border: from the great sea ye shall point out for you mount Hor:	
Numbers 35:10	Speak unto the children of Israel, and say unto them, When ye be come over Jordan into the land of Canaan;	
Numbers 35:12	And they shall be unto you cities for refuge from the avenger; that the manslayer die not, until he stand before the congregation in judgment.	
Numbers 35:16	And if he smite him with an instrument of iron, so that he die, he is a murderer: the murderer shall surely be put to death.	
Numbers 35:19	The revenger of blood himself shall slay the murderer: when he meeteth him, he shall slay him.	
Numbers 35:20	But if he thrust him of hatred, or hurl at him by laying of wait, that he die;	
Numbers 35:22	But if he thrust him suddenly without enmity, or have cast upon him any thing without laying of wait,	
Numbers 35:29	So these things shall be for a statute of judgment unto you throughout your generations in all your dwellings.	
Numbers 35:33	So ye shall not pollute the land wherein ye are: for blood it defileth the land: and the land cannot be cleansed of the blood that is shed therein, but by the blood of him that shed it.	
Numbers 35:34	Defile not therefore the land which ye shall inhabit, wherein I dwell: for I the LORD dwell among the children of Israel.	
Numbers 35:7	So all the cities which ye shall give to the Levites shall be forty and eight cities: them shall ye give with their suburbs.	
Numbers 36:3	And if they be married to any of the sons of the other tribes of the children of Israel, then shall their inheritance be taken from the inheritance of our fathers, and shall be put to the inheritance of the tribe whereunto they are received: so shall it be taken from the lot of our inheritance.	
Numbers 36:5	And Moses commanded the children of Israel according to the word of the LORD, saying, The tribe of the sons of Joseph hath said well.	
Numbers 36:8	And every daughter, that possesseth an inheritance in any tribe of the children of Israel, shall be wife unto one of the family of the tribe of her father, that the children of Israel may enjoy every man the inheritance of his fathers.	
Numbers 3:12	And I, behold, I have taken the Levites from among the children of Israel instead of all the firstborn that openeth the matrix among the children of Israel: therefore the Levites shall be mine;	
Numbers 3:16	And Moses numbered them according to the word of the LORD, as he was commanded.	
Numbers 3:18	And these are the names of the sons of Gershon by their families; Libni, and Shimei.	
Numbers 3:23	The families of the Gershonites shall pitch behind the tabernacle westward.	
Numbers 3:27	And of Kohath was the family of the Amramites, and the family of the Izeharites, and the family of the Hebronites, and the family of the Uzzielites: these are the families of the Kohathites.	
Numbers 3:42	And Moses numbered, as the LORD commanded him, all the firstborn among the children of Israel.	
Numbers 3:47	Thou shalt even take five shekels apiece by the poll, after the shekel of the sanctuary shalt thou take them: (the shekel is twenty gerahs:)	
Numbers 3:51	And Moses gave the money of them that were redeemed unto Aaron and to his sons, according to the word of the LORD, as the LORD commanded Moses.	
Numbers 3:8	And they shall keep all the instruments of the tabernacle of the congregation, and the charge of the children of Israel, to do the service of the tabernacle.	
Numbers 3:9	And thou shalt give the Levites unto Aaron and to his sons: they are wholly given unto him out of the children of Israel.	
Numbers 4:10	And they shall put it and all the vessels thereof within a covering of badgers' skins, and shall put it upon a bar.	
Numbers 4:12	And they shall take all the instruments of ministry, wherewith they minister in the sanctuary, and put them in a cloth of blue, and cover them with a covering of badgers' skins, and shall put them on a bar:	
Numbers 4:17	And the LORD spake unto Moses and unto Aaron saying,	
Numbers 4:18	Cut ye not off the tribe of the families of the Kohathites from among the Levites:	
Numbers 4:2	Take the sum of the sons of Kohath from among the sons of Levi, after their families, by the house of their fathers,	
Numbers 4:20	But they shall not go in to see when the holy things are covered, lest they die.	
Numbers 4:26	And the hangings of the court, and the hanging for the door of the gate of the court, which is by the tabernacle and by the altar round about, and their cords, and all the instruments of their service, and all that is made for them: so shall they serve.	
Numbers 4:35	From thirty years old and upward even unto fifty years old, every one that entereth into the service, for the work in the tabernacle of the congregation:	
Numbers 4:4	This shall be the service of the sons of Kohath in the tabernacle of the congregation, about the most holy things:	
Numbers 4:42	And those that were numbered of the families of the sons of Merari, throughout their families, by the house of their fathers,	
Numbers 4:49	According to the commandment of the LORD they were numbered by the hand of Moses, every one according to his service, and according to his burden: thus were they numbered of him, as the LORD commanded Moses.	
Numbers 5:1	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,	
Numbers 5:10	And every man's hallowed things shall be his: whatsoever any man giveth the priest, it shall be his.	
Numbers 5:16	And the priest shall bring her near, and set her before the LORD:	
Numbers 5:2	Command the children of Israel, that they put out of the camp every leper, and every one that hath an issue, and whosoever is defiled by the dead:	
Numbers 5:20	But if thou hast gone aside to another instead of thy husband, and if thou be defiled, and some man have lain with thee beside thine husband:	
Numbers 5:25	Then the priest shall take the jealousy offering out of the woman's hand, and shall wave the offering before the LORD, and offer it upon the altar:	
Numbers 5:28	And if the woman be not defiled, but be clean; then she shall be free, and shall conceive seed.	
Numbers 5:29	This is the law of jealousies, when a wife goeth aside to another instead of her husband, and is defiled;	
Numbers 5:5	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,	
Numbers 5:7	Then they shall confess their sin which they have done: and he shall recompense his trespass with the principal thereof, and add unto it the fifth part thereof, and give it unto him against whom he hath trespassed.	
Numbers 6:10	And on the eighth day he shall bring two turtles, or two young pigeons, to the priest, to the door of the tabernacle of the congregation:	
Numbers 6:19	And the priest shall take the sodden shoulder of the ram, and one unleavened cake out of the basket, and one unleavened wafer, and shall put them upon the hands of the Nazarite, after the hair of his separation is shaven:	
Numbers 6:24	The LORD bless thee, and keep thee:	
Numbers 6:6	All the days that he separateth himself unto the LORD he shall come at no dead body.	
Numbers 6:8	All the days of his separation he is holy unto the LORD.	
Numbers 7:10	And the princes offered for dedicating of the altar in the day that it was anointed, even the princes offered their offering before the altar.	
Numbers 7:15	One young bullock, one ram, one lamb of the first year, for a burnt offering:	
Numbers 7:2	That the princes of Israel, heads of the house of their fathers, who were the princes of the tribes, and were over them that were numbered, offered:	
Numbers 7:22	One kid of the goats for a sin offering:	
Numbers 7:3	And they brought their offering before the LORD, six covered wagons, and twelve oxen; a wagon for two of the princes, and for each one an ox: and they brought them before the tabernacle.	
Numbers 7:31	His offering was one silver charger of the weight of an hundred and thirty shekels, one silver bowl of seventy shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary; both of them full of fine flour mingled with oil for a meat offering:	
Numbers 7:33	One young bullock, one ram, one lamb of the first year, for a burnt offering:	
Numbers 7:40	One kid of the goats for a sin offering:	
Numbers 7:43	His offering was one silver charger of the weight of an hundred and thirty shekels, a silver bowl of seventy shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary; both of them full of fine flour mingled with oil for a meat offering:	
Numbers 7:48	On the seventh day Elishama the son of Ammihud, prince of the children of Ephraim, offered:	
Numbers 7:49	His offering was one silver charger, the weight whereof was an hundred and thirty shekels, one silver bowl of seventy shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary; both of them full of fine flour mingled with oil for a meat offering:	
Numbers 7:51	One young bullock, one ram, one lamb of the first year, for a burnt offering:	
Numbers 7:67	His offering was one silver charger, the weight whereof was an hundred and thirty shekels, one silver bowl of seventy shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary; both of them full of fine flour mingled with oil for a meat offering:	
Numbers 7:68	One golden spoon of ten shekels, full of incense:	
Numbers 7:7	Two wagons and four oxen he gave unto the sons of Gershon, according to their service:	
Numbers 7:77	And for a sacrifice of peace offerings, two oxen, five rams, five he goats, five lambs of the first year: this was the offering of Pagiel the son of Ocran.	
Numbers 7:8	And four wagons and eight oxen he gave unto the sons of Merari, according unto their service, under the hand of Ithamar the son of Aaron the priest.	
Numbers 7:86	The golden spoons were twelve, full of incense, weighing ten shekels apiece, after the shekel of the sanctuary: all the gold of the spoons was an hundred and twenty shekels.	
Numbers 8:17	For all the firstborn of the children of Israel are mine, both man and beast: on the day that I smote every firstborn in the land of Egypt I sanctified them for myself.	
Numbers 8:22	And after that went the Levites in to do their service in the tabernacle of the congregation before Aaron, and before his sons: as the LORD had commanded Moses concerning the Levites, so did they unto them.	
Numbers 8:26	But shall minister with their brethren in the tabernacle of the congregation, to keep the charge, and shall do no service. Thus shalt thou do unto the Levites touching their charge.	
Numbers 8:6	Take the Levites from among the children of Israel, and cleanse them.	
Numbers 9:13	But the man that is clean, and is not in a journey, and forbeareth to keep the passover, even the same soul shall be cut off from among his people: because he brought not the offering of the LORD in his appointed season, that man shall bear his sin.	
Numbers 9:2	Let the children of Israel also keep the passover at his appointed season.	
Numbers 9:6	And there were certain men, who were defiled by the dead body of a man, that they could not keep the passover on that day: and they came before Moses and before Aaron on that day:	
Numbers 9:9	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,	
Obadiah 1:10	For thy violence against thy brother Jacob shame shall cover thee, and thou shalt be cut off for ever.	
Obadiah 1:11	In the day that thou stoodest on the other side, in the day that the strangers carried away captive his forces, and foreigners entered into his gates, and cast lots upon Jerusalem, even thou wast as one of them.	
Obadiah 1:15	For the day of the LORD is near upon all the heathen: as thou hast done, it shall be done unto thee: thy reward shall return upon thine own head.	
Obadiah 1:16	For as ye have drunk upon my holy mountain, so shall all the heathen drink continually, yea, they shall drink, and they shall swallow down, and they shall be as though they had not been.	
Obadiah 1:17	But upon mount Zion shall be deliverance, and there shall be holiness; and the house of Jacob shall possess their possessions.	
Obadiah 1:6	How are the things of Esau searched out! how are his hidden things sought up!	
Obadiah 1:8	Shall I not in that day, saith the LORD, even destroy the wise men out of Edom, and understanding out of the mount of Esau?	
Obadiah 1:9	And thy mighty men, O Teman, shall be dismayed, to the end that every one of the mount of Esau may be cut off by slaughter.	
Philemon 1:11	Which in time past was to thee unprofitable, but now profitable to thee and to me:	
Philemon 1:21	Having confidence in thy obedience I wrote unto thee, knowing that thou wilt also do more than I say.	
Philemon 1:22	But withal prepare me also a lodging: for I trust that through your prayers I shall be given unto you.	
Philemon 1:3	Grace to you, and peace, from God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ.	
Philemon 1:5	Hearing of thy love and faith, which thou hast toward the Lord Jesus, and toward all saints;	
Philemon 1:6	That the communication of thy faith may become effectual by the acknowledging of every good thing which is in you in Christ Jesus.	
Philemon 1:9	Yet for love's sake I rather beseech thee, being such an one as Paul the aged, and now also a prisoner of Jesus Christ.	
Philippians 1:13	So that my bonds in Christ are manifest in all the palace, and in all other places;	
Philippians 1:15	Some indeed preach Christ even of envy and strife; and some also of good will:	
Philippians 1:16	The one preach Christ of contention, not sincerely, supposing to add affliction to my bonds:	
Philippians 1:2	Grace be unto you, and peace, from God our Father, and from the Lord Jesus Christ.	
Philippians 1:4	Always in every prayer of mine for you all making request with joy,	
Philippians 2:10	That at the name of Jesus every knee should bow, of things in heaven, and things in earth, and things under the earth;	
Philippians 2:15	That ye may be blameless and harmless, the sons of God, without rebuke, in the midst of a crooked and perverse nation, among whom ye shine as lights in the world;	
Philippians 2:18	For the same cause also do ye joy, and rejoice with me.	
Philippians 2:26	For he longed after you all, and was full of heaviness, because that ye had heard that he had been sick.	
Philippians 2:28	I sent him therefore the more carefully, that, when ye see him again, ye may rejoice, and that I may be the less sorrowful.	
Philippians 2:5	Let this mind be in you, which was also in Christ Jesus:	
Philippians 2:9	Wherefore God also hath highly exalted him, and given him a name which is above every name:	
Philippians 3:15	Let us therefore, as many as be perfect, be thus minded: and if in any thing ye be otherwise minded, God shall reveal even this unto you.	
Philippians 3:16	Nevertheless, whereto we have already attained, let us walk by the same rule, let us mind the same thing.	
Philippians 3:18	(For many walk, of whom I have told you often, and now tell you even weeping, that they are the enemies of the cross of Christ:	
Philippians 3:3	For we are the circumcision, which worship God in the spirit, and rejoice in Christ Jesus, and have no confidence in the flesh.	
Philippians 4:16	For even in Thessalonica ye sent once and again unto my necessity.	
Philippians 4:2	I beseech Euodias, and beseech Syntyche, that they be of the same mind in the Lord.	
Philippians 4:20	Now unto God and our Father be glory for ever and ever. Amen.	
Philippians 4:5	Let your moderation be known unto all men. The Lord is at hand.	
Proverbs 10:13	In the lips of him that hath understanding wisdom is found: but a rod is for the back of him that is void of understanding.	
Proverbs 10:14	Wise men lay up knowledge: but the mouth of the foolish is near destruction.	
Proverbs 10:18	He that hideth hatred with lying lips, and he that uttereth a slander, is a fool.	
Proverbs 10:20	The tongue of the just is as choice silver: the heart of the wicked is little worth.	
Proverbs 10:23	It is as sport to a fool to do mischief: but a man of understanding hath wisdom.	
Proverbs 10:24	The fear of the wicked, it shall come upon him: but the desire of the righteous shall be granted.	
Proverbs 10:28	The hope of the righteous shall be gladness: but the expectation of the wicked shall perish.	
Proverbs 10:30	The righteous shall never be removed: but the wicked shall not inhabit the earth.	
Proverbs 10:31	The mouth of the just bringeth forth wisdom: but the froward tongue shall be cut out.	
Proverbs 10:8	The wise in heart will receive commandments: but a prating fool shall fall.	
Proverbs 11:10	When it goeth well with the righteous, the city rejoiceth: and when the wicked perish, there is shouting.	
Proverbs 11:13	A talebearer revealeth secrets: but he that is of a faithful spirit concealeth the matter.	
Proverbs 11:17	The merciful man doeth good to his own soul: but he that is cruel troubleth his own flesh.	
Proverbs 11:19	As righteousness tendeth to life: so he that pursueth evil pursueth it to his own death.	
Proverbs 11:21	Though hand join in hand, the wicked shall not be unpunished: but the seed of the righteous shall be delivered.	
Proverbs 11:22	As a jewel of gold in a swine's snout, so is a fair woman which is without discretion.	
Proverbs 11:23	The desire of the righteous is only good: but the expectation of the wicked is wrath.	
Proverbs 11:25	The liberal soul shall be made fat: and he that watereth shall be watered also himself.	
Proverbs 11:26	He that withholdeth corn, the people shall curse him: but blessing shall be upon the head of him that selleth it.	
Proverbs 11:27	He that diligently seeketh good procureth favour: but he that seeketh mischief, it shall come unto him.	
Proverbs 11:3	The integrity of the upright shall guide them: but the perverseness of transgressors shall destroy them.	
Proverbs 11:31	Behold, the righteous shall be recompensed in the earth: much more the wicked and the sinner.	
Proverbs 11:7	When a wicked man dieth, his expectation shall perish: and the hope of unjust men perisheth.	
Proverbs 11:9	An hypocrite with his mouth destroyeth his neighbour: but through knowledge shall the just be delivered.	
Proverbs 12:10	A righteous man regardeth the life of his beast: but the tender mercies of the wicked are cruel.	
Proverbs 12:14	A man shall be satisfied with good by the fruit of his mouth: and the recompence of a man's hands shall be rendered unto him.	
Proverbs 12:16	A fool's wrath is presently known: but a prudent man covereth shame.	
Proverbs 12:20	Deceit is in the heart of them that imagine evil: but to the counsellors of peace is joy.	
Proverbs 12:23	A prudent man concealeth knowledge: but the heart of fools proclaimeth foolishness.	
Proverbs 12:24	The hand of the diligent shall bear rule: but the slothful shall be under tribute.	
Proverbs 12:26	The righteous is more excellent than his neighbour: but the way of the wicked seduceth them.	
Proverbs 12:5	The thoughts of the righteous are right: but the counsels of the wicked are deceit.	
Proverbs 12:8	A man shall be commended according to his wisdom: but he that is of a perverse heart shall be despised.	
Proverbs 13:10	Only by pride cometh contention: but with the well advised is wisdom.	
Proverbs 13:12	Hope deferred maketh the heart sick: but when the desire cometh, it is a tree of life.	
Proverbs 13:15	Good understanding giveth favour: but the way of transgressors is hard.	
Proverbs 13:16	Every prudent man dealeth with knowledge: but a fool layeth open his folly.	
Proverbs 13:19	The desire accomplished is sweet to the soul: but it is abomination to fools to depart from evil.	
Proverbs 13:2	A man shall eat good by the fruit of his mouth: but the soul of the transgressors shall eat violence.	
Proverbs 13:5	A righteous man hateth lying: but a wicked man is loathsome, and cometh to shame.	
Proverbs 13:6	Righteousness keepeth him that is upright in the way: but wickedness overthroweth the sinner.	
Proverbs 14:10	The heart knoweth his own bitterness; and a stranger doth not intermeddle with his joy.	
Proverbs 14:2	He that walketh in his uprightness feareth the LORD: but he that is perverse in his ways despiseth him.	
Proverbs 14:25	A true witness delivereth souls: but a deceitful witness speaketh lies.	
Proverbs 14:26	In the fear of the LORD is strong confidence: and his children shall have a place of refuge.	
Proverbs 14:28	In the multitude of people is the king's honour: but in the want of people is the destruction of the prince.	
Proverbs 14:31	He that oppresseth the poor reproacheth his Maker: but he that honoureth him hath mercy on the poor.	
Proverbs 14:7	Go from the presence of a foolish man, when thou perceivest not in him the lips of knowledge.	
Proverbs 14:9	Fools make a mock at sin: but among the righteous there is favour.	
Proverbs 15:1	A soft answer turneth away wrath: but grievous words stir up anger.	
Proverbs 15:14	The heart of him that hath understanding seeketh knowledge: but the mouth of fools feedeth on foolishness.	
Proverbs 15:16	Better is little with the fear of the LORD than great treasure and trouble therewith.	
Proverbs 15:17	Better is a dinner of herbs where love is, than a stalled ox and hatred therewith.	
Proverbs 15:18	A wrathful man stirreth up strife: but he that is slow to anger appeaseth strife.	
Proverbs 15:2	The tongue of the wise useth knowledge aright: but the mouth of fools poureth out foolishness.	
Proverbs 15:22	Without counsel purposes are disappointed: but in the multitude of counsellors they are established.	
Proverbs 15:23	A man hath joy by the answer of his mouth: and a word spoken in due season, how good is it!	
Proverbs 15:25	The LORD will destroy the house of the proud: but he will establish the border of the widow.	
Proverbs 15:3	The eyes of the LORD are in every place, beholding the evil and the good.	
Proverbs 15:33	The fear of the LORD is the instruction of wisdom; and before honour is humility.	
Proverbs 15:4	A wholesome tongue is a tree of life: but perverseness therein is a breach in the spirit.	
Proverbs 15:7	The lips of the wise disperse knowledge: but the heart of the foolish doeth not so.	
Proverbs 15:9	The way of the wicked is an abomination unto the LORD: but he loveth him that followeth after righteousness.	
Proverbs 16:10	A divine sentence is in the lips of the king: his mouth transgresseth not in judgment.	
Proverbs 16:13	Righteous lips are the delight of kings; and they love him that speaketh right.	
Proverbs 16:14	The wrath of a king is as messengers of death: but a wise man will pacify it.	
Proverbs 16:19	Better it is to be of an humble spirit with the lowly, than to divide the spoil with the proud.	
Proverbs 16:20	He that handleth a matter wisely shall find good: and whoso trusteth in the LORD, happy is he.	
Proverbs 16:24	Pleasant words are as an honeycomb, sweet to the soul, and health to the bones.	
Proverbs 16:28	A froward man soweth strife: and a whisperer separateth chief friends.	
Proverbs 16:29	A violent man enticeth his neighbour, and leadeth him into the way that is not good.	
Proverbs 16:33	The lot is cast into the lap; but the whole disposing thereof is of the LORD.	
Proverbs 16:4	The LORD hath made all things for himself: yea, even the wicked for the day of evil.	
Proverbs 16:5	Every one that is proud in heart is an abomination to the LORD: though hand join in hand, he shall not be unpunished.	
Proverbs 16:8	Better is a little with righteousness than great revenues without right.	
Proverbs 16:9	A man's heart deviseth his way: but the LORD directeth his steps.	
Proverbs 17:2	A wise servant shall have rule over a son that causeth shame, and shall have part of the inheritance among the brethren.	
Proverbs 17:27	He that hath knowledge spareth his words: and a man of understanding is of an excellent spirit.	
Proverbs 17:3	The fining pot is for silver, and the furnace for gold: but the LORD trieth the hearts.	
Proverbs 18:10	The name of the LORD is a strong tower: the righteous runneth into it, and is safe.	
Proverbs 18:13	He that answereth a matter before he heareth it, it is folly and shame unto him.	
Proverbs 18:19	A brother offended is harder to be won than a strong city: and their contentions are like the bars of a castle.	
Proverbs 18:20	A man's belly shall be satisfied with the fruit of his mouth; and with the increase of his lips shall he be filled.	
Proverbs 18:22	Whoso findeth a wife findeth a good thing, and obtaineth favour of the LORD.	
Proverbs 18:23	The poor useth intreaties; but the rich answereth roughly.	
Proverbs 19:12	The king's wrath is as the roaring of a lion; but his favour is as dew upon the grass.	
Proverbs 19:17	He that hath pity upon the poor lendeth unto the LORD; and that which he hath given will he pay him again.	
Proverbs 19:18	Chasten thy son while there is hope, and let not thy soul spare for his crying.	
Proverbs 19:21	There are many devices in a man's heart; nevertheless the counsel of the LORD, that shall stand.	
Proverbs 19:22	The desire of a man is his kindness: and a poor man is better than a liar.	
Proverbs 19:25	Smite a scorner, and the simple will beware: and reprove one that hath understanding, and he will understand knowledge.	
Proverbs 19:3	The foolishness of man perverteth his way: and his heart fretteth against the LORD.	
Proverbs 19:4	Wealth maketh many friends; but the poor is separated from his neighbour.	
Proverbs 19:5	A false witness shall not be unpunished, and he that speaketh lies shall not escape.	
Proverbs 19:6	Many will intreat the favour of the prince: and every man is a friend to him that giveth gifts.	
Proverbs 1:14	Cast in thy lot among us; let us all have one purse:	
Proverbs 1:2	To know wisdom and instruction; to perceive the words of understanding;	
Proverbs 1:24	Because I have called, and ye refused; I have stretched out my hand, and no man regarded;	
Proverbs 1:26	I also will laugh at your calamity; I will mock when your fear cometh;	
Proverbs 1:28	Then shall they call upon me, but I will not answer; they shall seek me early, but they shall not find me:	
Proverbs 1:29	For that they hated knowledge, and did not choose the fear of the LORD:	
Proverbs 1:30	They would none of my counsel: they despised all my reproof.	
Proverbs 1:31	Therefore shall they eat of the fruit of their own way, and be filled with their own devices.	
Proverbs 1:7	The fear of the LORD is the beginning of knowledge: but fools despise wisdom and instruction.	
Proverbs 20:10	Divers weights, and divers measures, both of them are alike abomination to the LORD.	
Proverbs 20:11	Even a child is known by his doings, whether his work be pure, and whether it be right.	
Proverbs 20:16	Take his garment that is surety for a stranger: and take a pledge of him for a strange woman.	
Proverbs 20:18	Every purpose is established by counsel: and with good advice make war.	
Proverbs 20:27	The spirit of man is the candle of the LORD, searching all the inward parts of the belly.	
Proverbs 20:3	It is an honour for a man to cease from strife: but every fool will be meddling.	
Proverbs 20:30	The blueness of a wound cleanseth away evil: so do stripes the inward parts of the belly.	
Proverbs 21:1	The king's heart is in the hand of the LORD, as the rivers of water: he turneth it whithersoever he will.	
Proverbs 21:16	The man that wandereth out of the way of understanding shall remain in the congregation of the dead.	
Proverbs 21:22	A wise man scaleth the city of the mighty, and casteth down the strength of the confidence thereof.	
Proverbs 21:27	The sacrifice of the wicked is abomination: how much more, when he bringeth it with a wicked mind?	
Proverbs 21:29	A wicked man hardeneth his face: but as for the upright, he directeth his way.	
Proverbs 21:3	To do justice and judgment is more acceptable to the LORD than sacrifice.	
Proverbs 21:30	There is no wisdom nor understanding nor counsel against the LORD.	
Proverbs 21:4	An high look, and a proud heart, and the plowing of the wicked, is sin.	
Proverbs 21:5	The thoughts of the diligent tend only to plenteousness; but of every one that is hasty only to want.	
Proverbs 21:7	The robbery of the wicked shall destroy them; because they refuse to do judgment.	
Proverbs 22:15	Foolishness is bound in the heart of a child; but the rod of correction shall drive it far from him.	
Proverbs 22:17	Bow down thine ear, and hear the words of the wise, and apply thine heart unto my knowledge.	
Proverbs 22:19	That thy trust may be in the LORD, I have made known to thee this day, even to thee.	
Proverbs 22:2	The rich and poor meet together: the LORD is the maker of them all.	
Proverbs 22:26	Be not thou one of them that strike hands, or of them that are sureties for debts.	
Proverbs 22:27	If thou hast nothing to pay, why should he take away thy bed from under thee?	
Proverbs 22:4	By humility and the fear of the LORD are riches, and honour, and life.	
Proverbs 23:11	For their redeemer is mighty; he shall plead their cause with thee.	
Proverbs 23:13	Withhold not correction from the child: for if thou beatest him with the rod, he shall not die.	
Proverbs 23:2	And put a knife to thy throat, if thou be a man given to appetite.	
Proverbs 23:22	Hearken unto thy father that begat thee, and despise not thy mother when she is old.	
Proverbs 23:25	Thy father and thy mother shall be glad, and she that bare thee shall rejoice.	
Proverbs 23:29	Who hath woe? who hath sorrow? who hath contentions? who hath babbling? who hath wounds without cause? who hath redness of eyes?	
Proverbs 23:34	Yea, thou shalt be as he that lieth down in the midst of the sea, or as he that lieth upon the top of a mast.	
Proverbs 23:6	Eat thou not the bread of him that hath an evil eye, neither desire thou his dainty meats:	
Proverbs 23:7	For as he thinketh in his heart, so is he: Eat and drink, saith he to thee; but his heart is not with thee.	
Proverbs 23:9	Speak not in the ears of a fool: for he will despise the wisdom of thy words.	
Proverbs 24:1	Be not thou envious against evil men, neither desire to be with them.	
Proverbs 24:12	If thou sayest, Behold, we knew it not; doth not he that pondereth the heart consider it? and he that keepeth thy soul, doth not he know it? and shall not he render to every man according to his works?	
Proverbs 24:13	My son, eat thou honey, because it is good; and the honeycomb, which is sweet to thy taste:	
Proverbs 24:20	For there shall be no reward to the evil man; the candle of the wicked shall be put out.	
Proverbs 24:22	For their calamity shall rise suddenly; and who knoweth the ruin of them both?	
Proverbs 24:24	He that saith unto the wicked, Thou are righteous; him shall the people curse, nations shall abhor him:	
Proverbs 24:27	Prepare thy work without, and make it fit for thyself in the field; and afterwards build thine house.	
Proverbs 24:31	And, lo, it was all grown over with thorns, and nettles had covered the face thereof, and the stone wall thereof was broken down.	
Proverbs 24:32	Then I saw, and considered it well: I looked upon it, and received instruction.	
Proverbs 24:9	The thought of foolishness is sin: and the scorner is an abomination to men.	
Proverbs 25:16	Hast thou found honey? eat so much as is sufficient for thee, lest thou be filled therewith, and vomit it.	
Proverbs 25:25	As cold waters to a thirsty soul, so is good news from a far country.	
Proverbs 25:3	The heaven for height, and the earth for depth, and the heart of kings is unsearchable.	
Proverbs 25:5	Take away the wicked from before the king, and his throne shall be established in righteousness.	
Proverbs 25:8	Go not forth hastily to strive, lest thou know not what to do in the end thereof, when thy neighbour hath put thee to shame.	
Proverbs 26:12	Seest thou a man wise in his own conceit? there is more hope of a fool than of him.	
Proverbs 26:17	He that passeth by, and meddleth with strife belonging not to him, is like one that taketh a dog by the ears.	
Proverbs 26:2	As the bird by wandering, as the swallow by flying, so the curse causeless shall not come.	
Proverbs 26:21	As coals are to burning coals, and wood to fire; so is a contentious man to kindle strife.	
Proverbs 26:28	A lying tongue hateth those that are afflicted by it; and a flattering mouth worketh ruin.	
Proverbs 26:6	He that sendeth a message by the hand of a fool cutteth off the feet, and drinketh damage.	
Proverbs 27:11	My son, be wise, and make my heart glad, that I may answer him that reproacheth me.	
Proverbs 27:12	A prudent man foreseeth the evil, and hideth himself; but the simple pass on, and are punished.	
Proverbs 27:13	Take his garment that is surety for a stranger, and take a pledge of him for a strange woman.	
Proverbs 27:2	Let another man praise thee, and not thine own mouth; a stranger, and not thine own lips.	
Proverbs 27:22	Though thou shouldest bray a fool in a mortar among wheat with a pestle, yet will not his foolishness depart from him.	
Proverbs 27:24	For riches are not for ever: and doth the crown endure to every generation?	
Proverbs 27:7	The full soul loatheth an honeycomb; but to the hungry soul every bitter thing is sweet.	
Proverbs 27:8	As a bird that wandereth from her nest, so is a man that wandereth from his place.	
Proverbs 28:1	The wicked flee when no man pursueth: but the righteous are bold as a lion.	
Proverbs 28:12	When righteous men do rejoice, there is great glory: but when the wicked rise, a man is hidden.	
Proverbs 28:17	A man that doeth violence to the blood of any person shall flee to the pit; let no man stay him.	
Proverbs 28:18	Whoso walketh uprightly shall be saved: but he that is perverse in his ways shall fall at once.	
Proverbs 28:19	He that tilleth his land shall have plenty of bread: but he that followeth after vain persons shall have poverty enough.	
Proverbs 28:21	To have respect of persons is not good: for for a piece of bread that man will transgress.	
Proverbs 28:22	He that hasteth to be rich hath an evil eye, and considereth not that poverty shall come upon him.	
Proverbs 28:28	When the wicked rise, men hide themselves: but when they perish, the righteous increase.	
Proverbs 28:3	A poor man that oppresseth the poor is like a sweeping rain which leaveth no food.	
Proverbs 29:1	He, that being often reproved hardeneth his neck, shall suddenly be destroyed, and that without remedy.	
Proverbs 29:11	A fool uttereth all his mind: but a wise man keepeth it in till afterwards.	
Proverbs 29:17	Correct thy son, and he shall give thee rest; yea, he shall give delight unto thy soul.	
Proverbs 29:18	Where there is no vision, the people perish: but he that keepeth the law, happy is he.	
Proverbs 29:22	An angry man stirreth up strife, and a furious man aboundeth in transgression.	
Proverbs 29:7	The righteous considereth the cause of the poor: but the wicked regardeth not to know it.	
Proverbs 2:1	My son, if thou wilt receive my words, and hide my commandments with thee;	
Proverbs 2:14	Who rejoice to do evil, and delight in the frowardness of the wicked;	
Proverbs 2:15	Whose ways are crooked, and they froward in their paths:	
Proverbs 2:16	To deliver thee from the strange woman, even from the stranger which flattereth with her words;	
Proverbs 2:21	For the upright shall dwell in the land, and the perfect shall remain in it.	
Proverbs 2:22	But the wicked shall be cut off from the earth, and the transgressors shall be rooted out of it.	
Proverbs 30:11	There is a generation that curseth their father, and doth not bless their mother.	
Proverbs 30:16	The grave; and the barren womb; the earth that is not filled with water; and the fire that saith not, It is enough.	
Proverbs 30:17	The eye that mocketh at his father, and despiseth to obey his mother, the ravens of the valley shall pick it out, and the young eagles shall eat it.	
Proverbs 30:2	Surely I am more brutish than any man, and have not the understanding of a man.	
Proverbs 30:28	The spider taketh hold with her hands, and is in kings' palaces.	
Proverbs 30:31	A greyhound; an he goat also; and a king, against whom there is no rising up.	
Proverbs 30:32	If thou hast done foolishly in lifting up thyself, or if thou hast thought evil, lay thine hand upon thy mouth.	
Proverbs 30:7	Two things have I required of thee; deny me them not before I die:	
Proverbs 30:8	Remove far from me vanity and lies: give me neither poverty nor riches; feed me with food convenient for me:	
Proverbs 30:9	Lest I be full, and deny thee, and say, Who is the LORD? or lest I be poor, and steal, and take the name of my God in vain.	
Proverbs 31:17	She girdeth her loins with strength, and strengtheneth her arms.	
Proverbs 31:27	She looketh well to the ways of her household, and eateth not the bread of idleness.	
Proverbs 31:28	Her children arise up, and call her blessed; her husband also, and he praiseth her.	
Proverbs 31:6	Give strong drink unto him that is ready to perish, and wine unto those that be of heavy hearts.	
Proverbs 3:18	She is a tree of life to them that lay hold upon her: and happy is every one that retaineth her.	
Proverbs 3:22	So shall they be life unto thy soul, and grace to thy neck.	
Proverbs 3:23	Then shalt thou walk in thy way safely, and thy foot shall not stumble.	
Proverbs 3:29	Devise not evil against thy neighbour, seeing he dwelleth securely by thee.	
Proverbs 3:34	Surely he scorneth the scorners: but he giveth grace unto the lowly.	
Proverbs 3:35	The wise shall inherit glory: but shame shall be the promotion of fools.	
Proverbs 3:4	So shalt thou find favour and good understanding in the sight of God and man.	
Proverbs 3:7	Be not wise in thine own eyes: fear the LORD, and depart from evil.	
Proverbs 4:12	When thou goest, thy steps shall not be straitened; and when thou runnest, thou shalt not stumble.	
Proverbs 4:13	Take fast hold of instruction; let her not go: keep her; for she is thy life.	
Proverbs 4:15	Avoid it, pass not by it, turn from it, and pass away.	
Proverbs 4:16	For they sleep not, except they have done mischief; and their sleep is taken away, unless they cause some to fall.	
Proverbs 4:18	But the path of the just is as the shining light, that shineth more and more unto the perfect day.	
Proverbs 4:23	Keep thy heart with all diligence; for out of it are the issues of life.	
Proverbs 5:14	I was almost in all evil in the midst of the congregation and assembly.	
Proverbs 5:18	Let thy fountain be blessed: and rejoice with the wife of thy youth.	
Proverbs 5:8	Remove thy way far from her, and come not nigh the door of her house:	
Proverbs 6:1	My son, if thou be surety for thy friend, if thou hast stricken thy hand with a stranger,	
Proverbs 6:10	Yet a little sleep, a little slumber, a little folding of the hands to sleep:	
Proverbs 6:15	Therefore shall his calamity come suddenly; suddenly shall he be broken without remedy.	
Proverbs 6:16	These six things doth the LORD hate: yea, seven are an abomination unto him:	
Proverbs 6:17	A proud look, a lying tongue, and hands that shed innocent blood,	
Proverbs 6:2	Thou art snared with the words of thy mouth, thou art taken with the words of thy mouth.	
Proverbs 6:22	When thou goest, it shall lead thee; when thou sleepest, it shall keep thee; and when thou awakest, it shall talk with thee.	
Proverbs 6:27	Can a man take fire in his bosom, and his clothes not be burned?	
Proverbs 6:29	So he that goeth in to his neighbour's wife; whosoever toucheth her shall not be innocent.	
Proverbs 6:3	Do this now, my son, and deliver thyself, when thou art come into the hand of thy friend; go, humble thyself, and make sure thy friend.	
Proverbs 6:7	Which having no guide, overseer, or ruler,	
Proverbs 7:16	I have decked my bed with coverings of tapestry, with carved works, with fine linen of Egypt.	
Proverbs 7:19	For the goodman is not at home, he is gone a long journey:	
Proverbs 7:2	Keep my commandments, and live; and my law as the apple of thine eye.	
Proverbs 7:4	Say unto wisdom, Thou art my sister; and call understanding thy kinswoman:	
Proverbs 7:8	Passing through the street near her corner; and he went the way to her house,	
Proverbs 7:9	In the twilight, in the evening, in the black and dark night:	
Proverbs 8:1	Doth not wisdom cry? and understanding put forth her voice?	
Proverbs 8:15	By me kings reign, and princes decree justice.	
Proverbs 8:17	I love them that love me; and those that seek me early shall find me.	
Proverbs 8:29	When he gave to the sea his decree, that the waters should not pass his commandment: when he appointed the foundations of the earth:	
Proverbs 8:31	Rejoicing in the habitable part of his earth; and my delights were with the sons of men.	
Proverbs 9:2	She hath killed her beasts; she hath mingled her wine; she hath also furnished her table.	
Proverbs 9:7	He that reproveth a scorner getteth to himself shame: and he that rebuketh a wicked man getteth himself a blot.	
Proverbs 9:8	Reprove not a scorner, lest he hate thee: rebuke a wise man, and he will love thee.	
Psalms 101:1	I will sing of mercy and judgment: unto thee, O LORD, will I sing.	
Psalms 101:6	Mine eyes shall be upon the faithful of the land, that they may dwell with me: he that walketh in a perfect way, he shall serve me.	
Psalms 101:7	He that worketh deceit shall not dwell within my house: he that telleth lies shall not tarry in my sight.	
Psalms 101:8	I will early destroy all the wicked of the land; that I may cut off all wicked doers from the city of the LORD.	
Psalms 102:11	My days are like a shadow that declineth; and I am withered like grass.	
Psalms 102:13	Thou shalt arise, and have mercy upon Zion: for the time to favour her, yea, the set time, is come.	
Psalms 102:16	When the LORD shall build up Zion, he shall appear in his glory.	
Psalms 102:22	When the people are gathered together, and the kingdoms, to serve the LORD.	
Psalms 103:14	For he knoweth our frame; he remembereth that we are dust.	
Psalms 103:20	Bless the LORD, ye his angels, that excel in strength, that do his commandments, hearkening unto the voice of his word.	
Psalms 103:22	Bless the LORD, all his works in all places of his dominion: bless the LORD, O my soul.	
Psalms 103:4	Who redeemeth thy life from destruction; who crowneth thee with lovingkindness and tender mercies;	
Psalms 103:6	The LORD executeth righteousness and judgment for all that are oppressed.	
Psalms 104:1	Bless the LORD, O my soul. O LORD my God, thou art very great; thou art clothed with honour and majesty.	
Psalms 104:10	He sendeth the springs into the valleys, which run among the hills.	
Psalms 104:11	They give drink to every beast of the field: the wild asses quench their thirst.	
Psalms 104:17	Where the birds make their nests: as for the stork, the fir trees are her house.	
Psalms 104:20	Thou makest darkness, and it is night: wherein all the beasts of the forest do creep forth.	
Psalms 104:34	My meditation of him shall be sweet: I will be glad in the LORD.	
Psalms 105:10	And confirmed the same unto Jacob for a law, and to Israel for an everlasting covenant:	
Psalms 105:2	Sing unto him, sing psalms unto him: talk ye of all his wondrous works.	
Psalms 105:22	To bind his princes at his pleasure; and teach his senators wisdom.	
Psalms 105:23	Israel also came into Egypt; and Jacob sojourned in the land of Ham.	
Psalms 105:26	He sent Moses his servant; and Aaron whom he had chosen.	
Psalms 105:3	Glory ye in his holy name: let the heart of them rejoice that seek the LORD.	
Psalms 105:30	Their land brought forth frogs in abundance, in the chambers of their kings.	
Psalms 105:31	He spake, and there came divers sorts of flies, and lice in all their coasts.	
Psalms 105:32	He gave them hail for rain, and flaming fire in their land.	
Psalms 105:36	He smote also all the firstborn in their land, the chief of all their strength.	
Psalms 105:39	He spread a cloud for a covering; and fire to give light in the night.	
Psalms 105:42	For he remembered his holy promise, and Abraham his servant.	
Psalms 105:6	O ye seed of Abraham his servant, ye children of Jacob his chosen.	
Psalms 106:15	And he gave them their request; but sent leanness into their soul.	
Psalms 106:16	They envied Moses also in the camp, and Aaron the saint of the LORD.	
Psalms 106:2	Who can utter the mighty acts of the LORD? who can shew forth all his praise?	
Psalms 106:35	But were mingled among the heathen, and learned their works.	
Psalms 106:36	And they served their idols: which were a snare unto them.	
Psalms 106:41	And he gave them into the hand of the heathen; and they that hated them ruled over them.	
Psalms 106:43	Many times did he deliver them; but they provoked him with their counsel, and were brought low for their iniquity.	
Psalms 106:47	Save us, O LORD our God, and gather us from among the heathen, to give thanks unto thy holy name, and to triumph in thy praise.	
Psalms 106:48	Blessed be the LORD God of Israel from everlasting to everlasting: and let all the people say, Amen. Praise ye the LORD.	
Psalms 106:6	We have sinned with our fathers, we have committed iniquity, we have done wickedly.	
Psalms 107:10	Such as sit in darkness and in the shadow of death, being bound in affliction and iron;	
Psalms 107:15	Oh that men would praise the LORD for his goodness, and for his wonderful works to the children of men!	
Psalms 107:18	Their soul abhorreth all manner of meat; and they draw near unto the gates of death.	
Psalms 107:25	For he commandeth, and raiseth the stormy wind, which lifteth up the waves thereof.	
Psalms 107:26	They mount up to the heaven, they go down again to the depths: their soul is melted because of trouble.	
Psalms 107:29	He maketh the storm a calm, so that the waves thereof are still.	
Psalms 107:33	He turneth rivers into a wilderness, and the watersprings into dry ground;	
Psalms 107:4	They wandered in the wilderness in a solitary way; they found no city to dwell in.	
Psalms 107:42	The righteous shall see it, and rejoice: and all iniquity shall stop her mouth.	
Psalms 108:12	Give us help from trouble: for vain is the help of man.	
Psalms 108:2	Awake, psaltery and harp: I myself will awake early.	
Psalms 109:11	Let the extortioner catch all that he hath; and let the strangers spoil his labour.	
Psalms 109:15	Let them be before the LORD continually, that he may cut off the memory of them from the earth.	
Psalms 109:2	For the mouth of the wicked and the mouth of the deceitful are opened against me: they have spoken against me with a lying tongue.	
Psalms 109:27	That they may know that this is thy hand; that thou, LORD, hast done it.	
Psalms 109:29	Let mine adversaries be clothed with shame, and let them cover themselves with their own confusion, as with a mantle.	
Psalms 10:10	He croucheth, and humbleth himself, that the poor may fall by his strong ones.	
Psalms 10:13	Wherefore doth the wicked contemn God? he hath said in his heart, Thou wilt not require it.	
Psalms 10:4	The wicked, through the pride of his countenance, will not seek after God: God is not in all his thoughts.	
Psalms 110:3	Thy people shall be willing in the day of thy power, in the beauties of holiness from the womb of the morning: thou hast the dew of thy youth.	
Psalms 110:4	The LORD hath sworn, and will not repent, Thou art a priest for ever after the order of Melchizedek.	
Psalms 111:8	They stand fast for ever and ever, and are done in truth and uprightness.	
Psalms 112:2	His seed shall be mighty upon earth: the generation of the upright shall be blessed.	
Psalms 112:3	Wealth and riches shall be in his house: and his righteousness endureth for ever.	
Psalms 112:4	Unto the upright there ariseth light in the darkness: he is gracious, and full of compassion, and righteous.	
Psalms 112:6	Surely he shall not be moved for ever: the righteous shall be in everlasting remembrance.	
Psalms 113:1	Praise ye the LORD. Praise, O ye servants of the LORD, praise the name of the LORD.	
Psalms 113:3	From the rising of the sun unto the going down of the same the LORD's name is to be praised.	
Psalms 114:3	The sea saw it, and fled: Jordan was driven back.	
Psalms 114:4	The mountains skipped like rams, and the little hills like lambs.	
Psalms 114:5	What ailed thee, O thou sea, that thou fleddest? thou Jordan, that thou wast driven back?	
Psalms 114:8	Which turned the rock into a standing water, the flint into a fountain of waters.	
Psalms 115:1	Not unto us, O LORD, not unto us, but unto thy name give glory, for thy mercy, and for thy truth's sake.	
Psalms 115:3	But our God is in the heavens: he hath done whatsoever he hath pleased.	
Psalms 115:4	Their idols are silver and gold, the work of men's hands.	
Psalms 115:5	They have mouths, but they speak not: eyes have they, but they see not:	
Psalms 115:6	They have ears, but they hear not: noses have they, but they smell not:	
Psalms 115:7	They have hands, but they handle not: feet have they, but they walk not: neither speak they through their throat.	
Psalms 116:1	I love the LORD, because he hath heard my voice and my supplications.	
Psalms 116:10	I believed, therefore have I spoken: I was greatly afflicted:	
Psalms 116:14	I will pay my vows unto the LORD now in the presence of all his people.	
Psalms 116:16	O LORD, truly I am thy servant; I am thy servant, and the son of thine handmaid: thou hast loosed my bonds.	
Psalms 116:18	I will pay my vows unto the LORD now in the presence of all his people.	
Psalms 116:4	Then called I upon the name of the LORD; O LORD, I beseech thee, deliver my soul.	
Psalms 118:14	The LORD is my strength and song, and is become my salvation.	
Psalms 118:18	The LORD hath chastened me sore: but he hath not given me over unto death.	
Psalms 118:19	Open to me the gates of righteousness: I will go into them, and I will praise the LORD:	
Psalms 118:23	This is the LORD's doing; it is marvellous in our eyes.	
Psalms 118:26	Blessed be he that cometh in the name of the LORD: we have blessed you out of the house of the LORD.	
Psalms 118:3	Let the house of Aaron now say, that his mercy endureth for ever.	
Psalms 118:5	I called upon the LORD in distress: the LORD answered me, and set me in a large place.	
Psalms 118:8	It is better to trust in the LORD than to put confidence in man.	
Psalms 119:102	I have not departed from thy judgments: for thou hast taught me.	
Psalms 119:110	The wicked have laid a snare for me: yet I erred not from thy precepts.	
Psalms 119:112	I have inclined mine heart to perform thy statutes alway, even unto the end.	
Psalms 119:114	Thou art my hiding place and my shield: I hope in thy word.	
Psalms 119:123	Mine eyes fail for thy salvation, and for the word of thy righteousness.	
Psalms 119:125	I am thy servant; give me understanding, that I may know thy testimonies.	
Psalms 119:126	It is time for thee, LORD, to work: for they have made void thy law.	
Psalms 119:127	Therefore I love thy commandments above gold; yea, above fine gold.	
Psalms 119:131	I opened my mouth, and panted: for I longed for thy commandments.	
Psalms 119:132	Look thou upon me, and be merciful unto me, as thou usest to do unto those that love thy name.	
Psalms 119:133	Order my steps in thy word: and let not any iniquity have dominion over me.	
Psalms 119:134	Deliver me from the oppression of man: so will I keep thy precepts.	
Psalms 119:135	Make thy face to shine upon thy servant; and teach me thy statutes.	
Psalms 119:138	Thy testimonies that thou hast commanded are righteous and very faithful.	
Psalms 119:147	I prevented the dawning of the morning, and cried: I hoped in thy word.	
Psalms 119:150	They draw nigh that follow after mischief: they are far from thy law.	
Psalms 119:152	Concerning thy testimonies, I have known of old that thou hast founded them for ever.	
Psalms 119:153	Consider mine affliction, and deliver me: for I do not forget thy law.	
Psalms 119:157	Many are my persecutors and mine enemies; yet do I not decline from thy testimonies.	
Psalms 119:159	Consider how I love thy precepts: quicken me, O LORD, according to thy lovingkindness.	
Psalms 119:161	Princes have persecuted me without a cause: but my heart standeth in awe of thy word.	
Psalms 119:170	Let my supplication come before thee: deliver me according to thy word.	
Psalms 119:171	My lips shall utter praise, when thou hast taught me thy statutes.	
Psalms 119:173	Let thine hand help me; for I have chosen thy precepts.	
Psalms 119:19	I am a stranger in the earth: hide not thy commandments from me.	
Psalms 119:20	My soul breaketh for the longing that it hath unto thy judgments at all times.	
Psalms 119:27	Make me to understand the way of thy precepts: so shall I talk of thy wondrous works.	
Psalms 119:28	My soul melteth for heaviness: strengthen thou me according unto thy word.	
Psalms 119:3	They also do no iniquity: they walk in his ways.	
Psalms 119:35	Make me to go in the path of thy commandments; for therein do I delight.	
Psalms 119:36	Incline my heart unto thy testimonies, and not to covetousness.	
Psalms 119:4	Thou hast commanded us to keep thy precepts diligently.	
Psalms 119:40	Behold, I have longed after thy precepts: quicken me in thy righteousness.	
Psalms 119:41	Let thy mercies come also unto me, O LORD, even thy salvation, according to thy word.	
Psalms 119:48	My hands also will I lift up unto thy commandments, which I have loved; and I will meditate in thy statutes.	
Psalms 119:57	Thou art my portion, O LORD: I have said that I would keep thy words.	
Psalms 119:60	I made haste, and delayed not to keep thy commandments.	
Psalms 119:65	Thou hast dealt well with thy servant, O LORD, according unto thy word.	
Psalms 119:66	Teach me good judgment and knowledge: for I have believed thy commandments.	
Psalms 119:74	They that fear thee will be glad when they see me; because I have hoped in thy word.	
Psalms 119:75	I know, O LORD, that thy judgments are right, and that thou in faithfulness hast afflicted me.	
Psalms 119:8	I will keep thy statutes: O forsake me not utterly.	
Psalms 119:80	Let my heart be sound in thy statutes; that I be not ashamed.	
Psalms 119:81	My soul fainteth for thy salvation: but I hope in thy word.	
Psalms 119:86	All thy commandments are faithful: they persecute me wrongfully; help thou me.	
Psalms 119:88	Quicken me after thy lovingkindness; so shall I keep the testimony of thy mouth.	
Psalms 119:89	For ever, O LORD, thy word is settled in heaven.	
Psalms 119:90	Thy faithfulness is unto all generations: thou hast established the earth, and it abideth.	
Psalms 119:94	I am thine, save me: for I have sought thy precepts.	
Psalms 119:95	The wicked have waited for me to destroy me: but I will consider thy testimonies.	
Psalms 11:1	In the LORD put I my trust: how say ye to my soul, Flee as a bird to your mountain?	
Psalms 11:5	The LORD trieth the righteous: but the wicked and him that loveth violence his soul hateth.	
Psalms 120:2	Deliver my soul, O LORD, from lying lips, and from a deceitful tongue.	
Psalms 120:7	I am for peace: but when I speak, they are for war.	
Psalms 121:1	I will lift up mine eyes unto the hills, from whence cometh my help.	
Psalms 121:3	He will not suffer thy foot to be moved: he that keepeth thee will not slumber.	
Psalms 121:6	The sun shall not smite thee by day, nor the moon by night.	
Psalms 121:7	The LORD shall preserve thee from all evil: he shall preserve thy soul.	
Psalms 122:7	Peace be within thy walls, and prosperity within thy palaces.	
Psalms 123:3	Have mercy upon us, O LORD, have mercy upon us: for we are exceedingly filled with contempt.	
Psalms 124:6	Blessed be the LORD, who hath not given us as a prey to their teeth.	
Psalms 124:8	Our help is in the name of the LORD, who made heaven and earth.	
Psalms 125:5	As for such as turn aside unto their crooked ways, the LORD shall lead them forth with the workers of iniquity: but peace shall be upon Israel.	
Psalms 126:6	He that goeth forth and weepeth, bearing precious seed, shall doubtless come again with rejoicing, bringing his sheaves with him.	
Psalms 127:1	Except the LORD build the house, they labour in vain that build it: except the LORD keep the city, the watchman waketh but in vain.	
Psalms 128:2	For thou shalt eat the labour of thine hands: happy shalt thou be, and it shall be well with thee.	
Psalms 128:6	Yea, thou shalt see thy children's children, and peace upon Israel.	
Psalms 129:3	The plowers plowed upon my back: they made long their furrows.	
Psalms 129:4	The LORD is righteous: he hath cut asunder the cords of the wicked.	
Psalms 12:3	The LORD shall cut off all flattering lips, and the tongue that speaketh proud things:	
Psalms 130:1	Out of the depths have I cried unto thee, O LORD.	
Psalms 130:2	Lord, hear my voice: let thine ears be attentive to the voice of my supplications.	
Psalms 130:5	I wait for the LORD, my soul doth wait, and in his word do I hope.	
Psalms 130:8	And he shall redeem Israel from all his iniquities.	
Psalms 132:1	Lord, remember David, and all his afflictions:	
Psalms 132:10	For thy servant David's sake turn not away the face of thine anointed.	
Psalms 132:14	This is my rest for ever: here will I dwell; for I have desired it.	
Psalms 132:15	I will abundantly bless her provision: I will satisfy her poor with bread.	
Psalms 132:18	His enemies will I clothe with shame: but upon himself shall his crown flourish.	
Psalms 132:2	How he sware unto the LORD, and vowed unto the mighty God of Jacob;	
Psalms 132:7	We will go into his tabernacles: we will worship at his footstool.	
Psalms 134:1	Behold, bless ye the LORD, all ye servants of the LORD, which by night stand in the house of the LORD.	
Psalms 134:3	The LORD that made heaven and earth bless thee out of Zion.	
Psalms 135:11	Sihon king of the Amorites, and Og king of Bashan, and all the kingdoms of Canaan:	
Psalms 135:15	The idols of the heathen are silver and gold, the work of men's hands.	
Psalms 135:16	They have mouths, but they speak not; eyes have they, but they see not;	
Psalms 135:17	They have ears, but they hear not; neither is there any breath in their mouths.	
Psalms 135:3	Praise the LORD; for the LORD is good: sing praises unto his name; for it is pleasant.	
Psalms 135:5	For I know that the LORD is great, and that our Lord is above all gods.	
Psalms 135:9	Who sent tokens and wonders into the midst of thee, O Egypt, upon Pharaoh, and upon all his servants.	
Psalms 136:10	To him that smote Egypt in their firstborn: for his mercy endureth for ever:	
Psalms 136:11	And brought out Israel from among them: for his mercy endureth for ever:	
Psalms 136:12	With a strong hand, and with a stretched out arm: for his mercy endureth for ever.	
Psalms 136:23	Who remembered us in our low estate: for his mercy endureth for ever:	
Psalms 136:3	O give thanks to the Lord of lords: for his mercy endureth for ever.	
Psalms 136:7	To him that made great lights: for his mercy endureth for ever:	
Psalms 137:4	How shall we sing the LORD's song in a strange land?	
Psalms 137:6	If I do not remember thee, let my tongue cleave to the roof of my mouth; if I prefer not Jerusalem above my chief joy.	
Psalms 137:8	O daughter of Babylon, who art to be destroyed; happy shall he be, that rewardeth thee as thou hast served us.	
Psalms 138:5	Yea, they shall sing in the ways of the LORD: for great is the glory of the LORD.	
Psalms 138:7	Though I walk in the midst of trouble, thou wilt revive me: thou shalt stretch forth thine hand against the wrath of mine enemies, and thy right hand shall save me.	
Psalms 139:11	If I say, Surely the darkness shall cover me; even the night shall be light about me.	
Psalms 139:6	Such knowledge is too wonderful for me; it is high, I cannot attain unto it.	
Psalms 13:2	How long shall I take counsel in my soul, having sorrow in my heart daily? how long shall mine enemy be exalted over me?	
Psalms 13:3	Consider and hear me, O LORD my God: lighten mine eyes, lest I sleep the sleep of death;	
Psalms 13:5	But I have trusted in thy mercy; my heart shall rejoice in thy salvation.	
Psalms 13:6	I will sing unto the LORD, because he hath dealt bountifully with me.	
Psalms 140:5	The proud have hid a snare for me, and cords; they have spread a net by the wayside; they have set gins for me. Selah.	
Psalms 141:1	Lord, I cry unto thee: make haste unto me; give ear unto my voice, when I cry unto thee.	
Psalms 141:3	Set a watch, O LORD, before my mouth; keep the door of my lips.	
Psalms 141:5	Let the righteous smite me; it shall be a kindness: and let him reprove me; it shall be an excellent oil, which shall not break my head: for yet my prayer also shall be in their calamities.	
Psalms 141:7	Our bones are scattered at the grave's mouth, as when one cutteth and cleaveth wood upon the earth.	
Psalms 142:4	I looked on my right hand, and beheld, but there was no man that would know me: refuge failed me; no man cared for my soul.	
Psalms 142:5	I cried unto thee, O LORD: I said, Thou art my refuge and my portion in the land of the living.	
Psalms 142:7	Bring my soul out of prison, that I may praise thy name: the righteous shall compass me about; for thou shalt deal bountifully with me.	
Psalms 143:10	Teach me to do thy will; for thou art my God: thy spirit is good; lead me into the land of uprightness.	
Psalms 143:12	And of thy mercy cut off mine enemies, and destroy all them that afflict my soul: for I am thy servant.	
Psalms 143:7	Hear me speedily, O LORD: my spirit faileth: hide not thy face from me, lest I be like unto them that go down into the pit.	
Psalms 143:9	Deliver me, O LORD, from mine enemies: I flee unto thee to hide me.	
Psalms 144:11	Rid me, and deliver me from the hand of strange children, whose mouth speaketh vanity, and their right hand is a right hand of falsehood:	
Psalms 144:4	Man is like to vanity: his days are as a shadow that passeth away.	
Psalms 145:11	They shall speak of the glory of thy kingdom, and talk of thy power;	
Psalms 145:13	Thy kingdom is an everlasting kingdom, and thy dominion endureth throughout all generations.	
Psalms 147:13	For he hath strengthened the bars of thy gates; he hath blessed thy children within thee.	
Psalms 147:14	He maketh peace in thy borders, and filleth thee with the finest of the wheat.	
Psalms 147:19	He sheweth his word unto Jacob, his statutes and his judgments unto Israel.	
Psalms 147:4	He telleth the number of the stars; he calleth them all by their names.	
Psalms 147:5	Great is our Lord, and of great power: his understanding is infinite.	
Psalms 147:9	He giveth to the beast his food, and to the young ravens which cry.	
Psalms 148:12	Both young men, and maidens; old men, and children:	
Psalms 149:3	Let them praise his name in the dance: let them sing praises unto him with the timbrel and harp.	
Psalms 149:8	To bind their kings with chains, and their nobles with fetters of iron;	
Psalms 149:9	To execute upon them the judgment written: this honour have all his saints. Praise ye the LORD.	
Psalms 14:6	Ye have shamed the counsel of the poor, because the LORD is his refuge.	
Psalms 150:1	Praise ye the LORD. Praise God in his sanctuary: praise him in the firmament of his power.	
Psalms 150:2	Praise him for his mighty acts: praise him according to his excellent greatness.	
Psalms 150:3	Praise him with the sound of the trumpet: praise him with the psaltery and harp.	
Psalms 150:4	Praise him with the timbrel and dance: praise him with stringed instruments and organs.	
Psalms 15:2	He that walketh uprightly, and worketh righteousness, and speaketh the truth in his heart.	
Psalms 15:4	In whose eyes a vile person is contemned; but he honoureth them that fear the LORD. He that sweareth to his own hurt, and changeth not.	
Psalms 16:3	But to the saints that are in the earth, and to the excellent, in whom is all my delight.	
Psalms 16:6	The lines are fallen unto me in pleasant places; yea, I have a goodly heritage.	
Psalms 16:9	Therefore my heart is glad, and my glory rejoiceth: my flesh also shall rest in hope.	
Psalms 17:13	Arise, O LORD, disappoint him, cast him down: deliver my soul from the wicked, which is thy sword:	
Psalms 17:15	As for me, I will behold thy face in righteousness: I shall be satisfied, when I awake, with thy likeness.	
Psalms 17:5	Hold up my goings in thy paths, that my footsteps slip not.	
Psalms 18:21	For I have kept the ways of the LORD, and have not wickedly departed from my God.	
Psalms 18:32	It is God that girdeth me with strength, and maketh my way perfect.	
Psalms 18:40	Thou hast also given me the necks of mine enemies; that I might destroy them that hate me.	
Psalms 18:41	They cried, but there was none to save them: even unto the LORD, but he answered them not.	
Psalms 18:42	Then did I beat them small as the dust before the wind: I did cast them out as the dirt in the streets.	
Psalms 18:46	The LORD liveth; and blessed be my rock; and let the God of my salvation be exalted.	
Psalms 18:47	It is God that avengeth me, and subdueth the people under me.	
Psalms 18:6	In my distress I called upon the LORD, and cried unto my God: he heard my voice out of his temple, and my cry came before him, even into his ears.	
Psalms 19:5	Which is as a bridegroom coming out of his chamber, and rejoiceth as a strong man to run a race.	
Psalms 1:1	Blessed is the man that walketh not in the counsel of the ungodly, nor standeth in the way of sinners, nor sitteth in the seat of the scornful.	
Psalms 1:2	But his delight is in the law of the LORD; and in his law doth he meditate day and night.	
Psalms 1:3	And he shall be like a tree planted by the rivers of water, that bringeth forth his fruit in his season; his leaf also shall not wither; and whatsoever he doeth shall prosper.	
Psalms 20:1	The LORD hear thee in the day of trouble; the name of the God of Jacob defend thee;	
Psalms 20:3	Remember all thy offerings, and accept thy burnt sacrifice; Selah.	
Psalms 20:5	We will rejoice in thy salvation, and in the name of our God we will set up our banners: the LORD fulfil all thy petitions.	
Psalms 21:3	For thou preventest him with the blessings of goodness: thou settest a crown of pure gold on his head.	
Psalms 21:7	For the king trusteth in the LORD, and through the mercy of the most High he shall not be moved.	
Psalms 22:1	My God, my God, why hast thou forsaken me? why art thou so far from helping me, and from the words of my roaring?	
Psalms 22:12	Many bulls have compassed me: strong bulls of Bashan have beset me round.	
Psalms 22:18	They part my garments among them, and cast lots upon my vesture.	
Psalms 22:19	But be not thou far from me, O LORD: O my strength, haste thee to help me.	
Psalms 22:2	O my God, I cry in the day time, but thou hearest not; and in the night season, and am not silent.	
Psalms 22:29	All they that be fat upon earth shall eat and worship: all they that go down to the dust shall bow before him: and none can keep alive his own soul.	
Psalms 23:2	He maketh me to lie down in green pastures: he leadeth me beside the still waters.	
Psalms 23:6	Surely goodness and mercy shall follow me all the days of my life: and I will dwell in the house of the LORD for ever.	
Psalms 24:6	This is the generation of them that seek him, that seek thy face, O Jacob. Selah.	
Psalms 24:7	Lift up your heads, O ye gates; and be ye lift up, ye everlasting doors; and the King of glory shall come in.	
Psalms 25:1	Unto thee, O LORD, do I lift up my soul.	
Psalms 25:14	The secret of the LORD is with them that fear him; and he will shew them his covenant.	
Psalms 25:20	O keep my soul, and deliver me: let me not be ashamed; for I put my trust in thee.	
Psalms 25:5	Lead me in thy truth, and teach me: for thou art the God of my salvation; on thee do I wait all the day.	
Psalms 25:6	Remember, O LORD, thy tender mercies and thy lovingkindnesses; for they have been ever of old.	
Psalms 26:6	I will wash mine hands in innocency: so will I compass thine altar, O LORD:	
Psalms 28:3	Draw me not away with the wicked, and with the workers of iniquity, which speak peace to their neighbours, but mischief is in their hearts.	
Psalms 28:5	Because they regard not the works of the LORD, nor the operation of his hands, he shall destroy them, and not build them up.	
Psalms 29:10	The LORD sitteth upon the flood; yea, the LORD sitteth King for ever.	
Psalms 29:11	The LORD will give strength unto his people; the LORD will bless his people with peace.	
Psalms 29:4	The voice of the LORD is powerful; the voice of the LORD is full of majesty.	
Psalms 2:10	Be wise now therefore, O ye kings: be instructed, ye judges of the earth.	
Psalms 2:5	Then shall he speak unto them in his wrath, and vex them in his sore displeasure.	
Psalms 2:8	Ask of me, and I shall give thee the heathen for thine inheritance, and the uttermost parts of the earth for thy possession.	
Psalms 30:8	I cried to thee, O LORD; and unto the LORD I made supplication.	
Psalms 31:10	For my life is spent with grief, and my years with sighing: my strength faileth because of mine iniquity, and my bones are consumed.	
Psalms 31:16	Make thy face to shine upon thy servant: save me for thy mercies' sake.	
Psalms 31:19	Oh how great is thy goodness, which thou hast laid up for them that fear thee; which thou hast wrought for them that trust in thee before the sons of men!	
Psalms 31:24	Be of good courage, and he shall strengthen your heart, all ye that hope in the LORD.	
Psalms 31:8	And hast not shut me up into the hand of the enemy: thou hast set my feet in a large room.	
Psalms 31:9	Have mercy upon me, O LORD, for I am in trouble: mine eye is consumed with grief, yea, my soul and my belly.	
Psalms 32:1	Blessed is he whose transgression is forgiven, whose sin is covered.	
Psalms 32:5	I acknowledge my sin unto thee, and mine iniquity have I not hid. I said, I will confess my transgressions unto the LORD; and thou forgavest the iniquity of my sin. Selah.	
Psalms 32:7	Thou art my hiding place; thou shalt preserve me from trouble; thou shalt compass me about with songs of deliverance. Selah.	
Psalms 33:12	Blessed is the nation whose God is the LORD; and the people whom he hath chosen for his own inheritance.	
Psalms 33:14	From the place of his habitation he looketh upon all the inhabitants of the earth.	
Psalms 33:21	For our heart shall rejoice in him, because we have trusted in his holy name.	
Psalms 33:3	Sing unto him a new song; play skilfully with a loud noise.	
Psalms 33:7	He gathereth the waters of the sea together as an heap: he layeth up the depth in storehouses.	
Psalms 33:9	For he spake, and it was done; he commanded, and it stood fast.	
Psalms 34:13	Keep thy tongue from evil, and thy lips from speaking guile.	
Psalms 34:17	The righteous cry, and the LORD heareth, and delivereth them out of all their troubles.	
Psalms 34:22	The LORD redeemeth the soul of his servants: and none of them that trust in him shall be desolate.	
Psalms 34:3	O magnify the LORD with me, and let us exalt his name together.	
Psalms 34:4	I sought the LORD, and he heard me, and delivered me from all my fears.	
Psalms 34:6	This poor man cried, and the LORD heard him, and saved him out of all his troubles.	
Psalms 34:8	O taste and see that the LORD is good: blessed is the man that trusteth in him.	
Psalms 35:1	Plead my cause, O LORD, with them that strive with me: fight against them that fight against me.	
Psalms 35:10	All my bones shall say, LORD, who is like unto thee, which deliverest the poor from him that is too strong for him, yea, the poor and the needy from him that spoileth him?	
Psalms 35:22	This thou hast seen, O LORD: keep not silence: O Lord, be not far from me.	
Psalms 35:23	Stir up thyself, and awake to my judgment, even unto my cause, my God and my Lord.	
Psalms 35:24	Judge me, O LORD my God, according to thy righteousness; and let them not rejoice over me.	
Psalms 35:25	Let them not say in their hearts, Ah, so would we have it: let them not say, We have swallowed him up.	
Psalms 35:26	Let them be ashamed and brought to confusion together that rejoice at mine hurt: let them be clothed with shame and dishonour that magnify themselves against me.	
Psalms 35:6	Let their way be dark and slippery: and let the angel of the LORD persecute them.	
Psalms 36:3	The words of his mouth are iniquity and deceit: he hath left off to be wise, and to do good.	
Psalms 37:11	But the meek shall inherit the earth; and shall delight themselves in the abundance of peace.	
Psalms 37:13	The LORD shall laugh at him: for he seeth that his day is coming.	
Psalms 37:17	For the arms of the wicked shall be broken: but the LORD upholdeth the righteous.	
Psalms 37:33	The LORD will not leave him in his hand, nor condemn him when he is judged.	
Psalms 37:39	But the salvation of the righteous is of the LORD: he is their strength in the time of trouble.	
Psalms 37:40	And the LORD shall help them, and deliver them: he shall deliver them from the wicked, and save them, because they trust in him.	
Psalms 37:5	Commit thy way unto the LORD; trust also in him; and he shall bring it to pass.	
Psalms 37:6	And he shall bring forth thy righteousness as the light, and thy judgment as the noonday.	
Psalms 38:10	My heart panteth, my strength faileth me: as for the light of mine eyes, it also is gone from me.	
Psalms 38:15	For in thee, O LORD, do I hope: thou wilt hear, O Lord my God.	
Psalms 38:2	For thine arrows stick fast in me, and thy hand presseth me sore.	
Psalms 38:20	They also that render evil for good are mine adversaries; because I follow the thing that good is.	
Psalms 38:22	Make haste to help me, O Lord my salvation.	
Psalms 38:3	There is no soundness in my flesh because of thine anger; neither is there any rest in my bones because of my sin.	
Psalms 38:5	My wounds stink and are corrupt because of my foolishness.	
Psalms 38:6	I am troubled; I am bowed down greatly; I go mourning all the day long.	
Psalms 38:8	I am feeble and sore broken: I have roared by reason of the disquietness of my heart.	
Psalms 39:11	When thou with rebukes dost correct man for iniquity, thou makest his beauty to consume away like a moth: surely every man is vanity. Selah.	
Psalms 39:3	My heart was hot within me, while I was musing the fire burned: then spake I with my tongue,	
Psalms 39:4	LORD, make me to know mine end, and the measure of my days, what it is: that I may know how frail I am.	
Psalms 39:8	Deliver me from all my transgressions: make me not the reproach of the foolish.	
Psalms 3:1	Lord, how are they increased that trouble me! many are they that rise up against me.	
Psalms 3:5	I laid me down and slept; I awaked; for the LORD sustained me.	
Psalms 3:8	Salvation belongeth unto the LORD: thy blessing is upon thy people. Selah.	
Psalms 40:1	I waited patiently for the LORD; and he inclined unto me, and heard my cry.	
Psalms 40:10	I have not hid thy righteousness within my heart; I have declared thy faithfulness and thy salvation: I have not concealed thy lovingkindness and thy truth from the great congregation.	
Psalms 40:14	Let them be ashamed and confounded together that seek after my soul to destroy it; let them be driven backward and put to shame that wish me evil.	
Psalms 40:16	Let all those that seek thee rejoice and be glad in thee: let such as love thy salvation say continually, The LORD be magnified.	
Psalms 40:3	And he hath put a new song in my mouth, even praise unto our God: many shall see it, and fear, and shall trust in the LORD.	
Psalms 40:6	Sacrifice and offering thou didst not desire; mine ears hast thou opened: burnt offering and sin offering hast thou not required.	
Psalms 40:8	I delight to do thy will, O my God: yea, thy law is within my heart.	
Psalms 41:10	But thou, O LORD, be merciful unto me, and raise me up, that I may requite them.	
Psalms 41:6	And if he come to see me, he speaketh vanity: his heart gathereth iniquity to itself; when he goeth abroad, he telleth it.	
Psalms 42:2	My soul thirsteth for God, for the living God: when shall I come and appear before God?	
Psalms 42:3	My tears have been my meat day and night, while they continually say unto me, Where is thy God?	
Psalms 42:4	When I remember these things, I pour out my soul in me: for I had gone with the multitude, I went with them to the house of God, with the voice of joy and praise, with a multitude that kept holyday.	
Psalms 42:5	Why art thou cast down, O my soul? and why art thou disquieted in me? hope thou in God: for I shall yet praise him for the help of his countenance.	
Psalms 43:3	O send out thy light and thy truth: let them lead me; let them bring me unto thy holy hill, and to thy tabernacles.	
Psalms 43:5	Why art thou cast down, O my soul? and why art thou disquieted within me? hope in God: for I shall yet praise him, who is the health of my countenance, and my God.	
Psalms 44:12	Thou sellest thy people for nought, and dost not increase thy wealth by their price.	
Psalms 44:16	For the voice of him that reproacheth and blasphemeth; by reason of the enemy and avenger.	
Psalms 44:25	For our soul is bowed down to the dust: our belly cleaveth unto the earth.	
Psalms 44:4	Thou art my King, O God: command deliverances for Jacob.	
Psalms 45:10	Hearken, O daughter, and consider, and incline thine ear; forget also thine own people, and thy father's house;	
Psalms 45:16	Instead of thy fathers shall be thy children, whom thou mayest make princes in all the earth.	
Psalms 45:17	I will make thy name to be remembered in all generations: therefore shall the people praise thee for ever and ever.	
Psalms 45:5	Thine arrows are sharp in the heart of the king's enemies; whereby the people fall under thee.	
Psalms 45:9	Kings' daughters were among thy honourable women: upon thy right hand did stand the queen in gold of Ophir.	
Psalms 46:4	There is a river, the streams whereof shall make glad the city of God, the holy place of the tabernacles of the most High.	
Psalms 46:9	He maketh wars to cease unto the end of the earth; he breaketh the bow, and cutteth the spear in sunder; he burneth the chariot in the fire.	
Psalms 47:2	For the LORD most high is terrible; he is a great King over all the earth.	
Psalms 47:5	God is gone up with a shout, the LORD with the sound of a trumpet.	
Psalms 47:6	Sing praises to God, sing praises: sing praises unto our King, sing praises.	
Psalms 48:11	Let mount Zion rejoice, let the daughters of Judah be glad, because of thy judgments.	
Psalms 48:12	Walk about Zion, and go round about her: tell the towers thereof.	
Psalms 48:4	For, lo, the kings were assembled, they passed by together.	
Psalms 48:6	Fear took hold upon them there, and pain, as of a woman in travail.	
Psalms 48:8	As we have heard, so have we seen in the city of the LORD of hosts, in the city of our God: God will establish it for ever. Selah.	
Psalms 48:9	We have thought of thy lovingkindness, O God, in the midst of thy temple.	
Psalms 49:14	Like sheep they are laid in the grave; death shall feed on them; and the upright shall have dominion over them in the morning; and their beauty shall consume in the grave from their dwelling.	
Psalms 49:20	Man that is in honour, and understandeth not, is like the beasts that perish.	
Psalms 49:3	My mouth shall speak of wisdom; and the meditation of my heart shall be of understanding.	
Psalms 49:7	None of them can by any means redeem his brother, nor give to God a ransom for him:	
Psalms 49:8	(For the redemption of their soul is precious, and it ceaseth for ever:)	
Psalms 4:3	But know that the LORD hath set apart him that is godly for himself: the LORD will hear when I call unto him.	
Psalms 50:11	I know all the fowls of the mountains: and the wild beasts of the field are mine.	
Psalms 50:14	Offer unto God thanksgiving; and pay thy vows unto the most High:	
Psalms 50:19	Thou givest thy mouth to evil, and thy tongue frameth deceit.	
Psalms 50:20	Thou sittest and speakest against thy brother; thou slanderest thine own mother's son.	
Psalms 50:23	Whoso offereth praise glorifieth me: and to him that ordereth his conversation aright will I shew the salvation of God.	
Psalms 50:3	Our God shall come, and shall not keep silence: a fire shall devour before him, and it shall be very tempestuous round about him.	
Psalms 50:4	He shall call to the heavens from above, and to the earth, that he may judge his people.	
Psalms 50:6	And the heavens shall declare his righteousness: for God is judge himself. Selah.	
Psalms 50:9	I will take no bullock out of thy house, nor he goats out of thy folds.	
Psalms 51:13	Then will I teach transgressors thy ways; and sinners shall be converted unto thee.	
Psalms 51:16	For thou desirest not sacrifice; else would I give it: thou delightest not in burnt offering.	
Psalms 51:19	Then shalt thou be pleased with the sacrifices of righteousness, with burnt offering and whole burnt offering: then shall they offer bullocks upon thine altar.	
Psalms 51:8	Make me to hear joy and gladness; that the bones which thou hast broken may rejoice.	
Psalms 52:2	The tongue deviseth mischiefs; like a sharp razor, working deceitfully.	
Psalms 52:3	Thou lovest evil more than good; and lying rather than to speak righteousness. Selah.	
Psalms 52:5	God shall likewise destroy thee for ever, he shall take thee away, and pluck thee out of thy dwelling place, and root thee out of the land of the living. Selah.	
Psalms 55:11	Wickedness is in the midst thereof: deceit and guile depart not from her streets.	
Psalms 55:15	Let death seize upon them, and let them go down quick into hell: for wickedness is in their dwellings, and among them.	
Psalms 55:20	He hath put forth his hands against such as be at peace with him: he hath broken his covenant.	
Psalms 55:4	My heart is sore pained within me: and the terrors of death are fallen upon me.	
Psalms 55:9	Destroy, O Lord, and divide their tongues: for I have seen violence and strife in the city.	
Psalms 56:3	What time I am afraid, I will trust in thee.	
Psalms 56:7	Shall they escape by iniquity? in thine anger cast down the people, O God.	
Psalms 57:10	For thy mercy is great unto the heavens, and thy truth unto the clouds.	
Psalms 57:2	I will cry unto God most high; unto God that performeth all things for me.	
Psalms 57:3	He shall send from heaven, and save me from the reproach of him that would swallow me up. Selah. God shall send forth his mercy and his truth.	
Psalms 57:4	My soul is among lions: and I lie even among them that are set on fire, even the sons of men, whose teeth are spears and arrows, and their tongue a sharp sword.	
Psalms 58:1	Do ye indeed speak righteousness, O congregation? do ye judge uprightly, O ye sons of men?	
Psalms 58:2	Yea, in heart ye work wickedness; ye weigh the violence of your hands in the earth.	
Psalms 59:12	For the sin of their mouth and the words of their lips let them even be taken in their pride: and for cursing and lying which they speak.	
Psalms 59:13	Consume them in wrath, consume them, that they may not be: and let them know that God ruleth in Jacob unto the ends of the earth. Selah.	
Psalms 59:5	Thou therefore, O LORD God of hosts, the God of Israel, awake to visit all the heathen: be not merciful to any wicked transgressors. Selah.	
Psalms 59:7	Behold, they belch out with their mouth: swords are in their lips: for who, say they, doth hear?	
Psalms 59:8	But thou, O LORD, shalt laugh at them; thou shalt have all the heathen in derision.	
Psalms 5:2	Hearken unto the voice of my cry, my King, and my God: for unto thee will I pray.	
Psalms 5:9	For there is no faithfulness in their mouth; their inward part is very wickedness; their throat is an open sepulchre; they flatter with their tongue.	
Psalms 60:10	Wilt not thou, O God, which hadst cast us off? and thou, O God, which didst not go out with our armies?	
Psalms 60:11	Give us help from trouble: for vain is the help of man.	
Psalms 60:3	Thou hast shewed thy people hard things: thou hast made us to drink the wine of astonishment.	
Psalms 60:5	That thy beloved may be delivered; save with thy right hand, and hear me.	
Psalms 60:6	God hath spoken in his holiness; I will rejoice, I will divide Shechem, and mete out the valley of Succoth.	
Psalms 60:7	Gilead is mine, and Manasseh is mine; Ephraim also is the strength of mine head; Judah is my lawgiver;	
Psalms 60:9	Who will bring me into the strong city? who will lead me into Edom?	
Psalms 61:1	Hear my cry, O God; attend unto my prayer.	
Psalms 61:6	Thou wilt prolong the king's life: and his years as many generations.	
Psalms 62:10	Trust not in oppression, and become not vain in robbery: if riches increase, set not your heart upon them.	
Psalms 62:11	God hath spoken once; twice have I heard this; that power belongeth unto God.	
Psalms 62:2	He only is my rock and my salvation; he is my defence; I shall not be greatly moved.	
Psalms 62:4	They only consult to cast him down from his excellency: they delight in lies: they bless with their mouth, but they curse inwardly. Selah.	
Psalms 62:7	In God is my salvation and my glory: the rock of my strength, and my refuge, is in God.	
Psalms 63:10	They shall fall by the sword: they shall be a portion for foxes.	
Psalms 63:5	My soul shall be satisfied as with marrow and fatness; and my mouth shall praise thee with joyful lips:	
Psalms 63:7	Because thou hast been my help, therefore in the shadow of thy wings will I rejoice.	
Psalms 64:10	The righteous shall be glad in the LORD, and shall trust in him; and all the upright in heart shall glory.	
Psalms 64:5	They encourage themselves in an evil matter: they commune of laying snares privily; they say, Who shall see them?	
Psalms 64:8	So they shall make their own tongue to fall upon themselves: all that see them shall flee away.	
Psalms 65:12	They drop upon the pastures of the wilderness: and the little hills rejoice on every side.	
Psalms 65:2	O thou that hearest prayer, unto thee shall all flesh come.	
Psalms 65:7	Which stilleth the noise of the seas, the noise of their waves, and the tumult of the people.	
Psalms 65:8	They also that dwell in the uttermost parts are afraid at thy tokens: thou makest the outgoings of the morning and evening to rejoice.	
Psalms 66:11	Thou broughtest us into the net; thou laidst affliction upon our loins.	
Psalms 66:15	I will offer unto thee burnt sacrifices of fatlings, with the incense of rams; I will offer bullocks with goats. Selah.	
Psalms 66:6	He turned the sea into dry land: they went through the flood on foot: there did we rejoice in him.	
Psalms 66:7	He ruleth by his power for ever; his eyes behold the nations: let not the rebellious exalt themselves. Selah.	
Psalms 67:2	That thy way may be known upon earth, thy saving health among all nations.	
Psalms 67:4	O let the nations be glad and sing for joy: for thou shalt judge the people righteously, and govern the nations upon earth. Selah.	
Psalms 67:5	Let the people praise thee, O God; let all the people praise thee.	
Psalms 67:7	God shall bless us; and all the ends of the earth shall fear him.	
Psalms 68:18	Thou hast ascended on high, thou hast led captivity captive: thou hast received gifts for men; yea, for the rebellious also, that the LORD God might dwell among them.	
Psalms 68:20	He that is our God is the God of salvation; and unto GOD the Lord belong the issues from death.	
Psalms 68:22	The Lord said, I will bring again from Bashan, I will bring my people again from the depths of the sea:	
Psalms 68:23	That thy foot may be dipped in the blood of thine enemies, and the tongue of thy dogs in the same.	
Psalms 68:29	Because of thy temple at Jerusalem shall kings bring presents unto thee.	
Psalms 68:30	Rebuke the company of spearmen, the multitude of the bulls, with the calves of the people, till every one submit himself with pieces of silver: scatter thou the people that delight in war.	
Psalms 68:33	To him that rideth upon the heavens of heavens, which were of old; lo, he doth send out his voice, and that a mighty voice.	
Psalms 68:35	O God, thou art terrible out of thy holy places: the God of Israel is he that giveth strength and power unto his people. Blessed be God.	
Psalms 68:4	Sing unto God, sing praises to his name: extol him that rideth upon the heavens by his name JAH, and rejoice before him.	
Psalms 68:7	O God, when thou wentest forth before thy people, when thou didst march through the wilderness; Selah:	
Psalms 69:10	When I wept, and chastened my soul with fasting, that was to my reproach.	
Psalms 69:12	They that sit in the gate speak against me; and I was the song of the drunkards.	
Psalms 69:13	But as for me, my prayer is unto thee, O LORD, in an acceptable time: O God, in the multitude of thy mercy hear me, in the truth of thy salvation.	
Psalms 69:15	Let not the waterflood overflow me, neither let the deep swallow me up, and let not the pit shut her mouth upon me.	
Psalms 69:19	Thou hast known my reproach, and my shame, and my dishonour: mine adversaries are all before thee.	
Psalms 69:2	I sink in deep mire, where there is no standing: I am come into deep waters, where the floods overflow me.	
Psalms 69:8	I am become a stranger unto my brethren, and an alien unto my mother's children.	
Psalms 6:1	O LORD, rebuke me not in thine anger, neither chasten me in thy hot displeasure.	
Psalms 6:4	Return, O LORD, deliver my soul: oh save me for thy mercies' sake.	
Psalms 70:3	Let them be turned back for a reward of their shame that say, Aha, aha.	
Psalms 70:4	Let all those that seek thee rejoice and be glad in thee: and let such as love thy salvation say continually, Let God be magnified.	
Psalms 70:5	But I am poor and needy: make haste unto me, O God: thou art my help and my deliverer; O LORD, make no tarrying.	
Psalms 71:12	O God, be not far from me: O my God, make haste for my help.	
Psalms 71:13	Let them be confounded and consumed that are adversaries to my soul; let them be covered with reproach and dishonour that seek my hurt.	
Psalms 71:14	But I will hope continually, and will yet praise thee more and more.	
Psalms 71:16	I will go in the strength of the Lord GOD: I will make mention of thy righteousness, even of thine only.	
Psalms 71:18	Now also when I am old and greyheaded, O God, forsake me not; until I have shewed thy strength unto this generation, and thy power to every one that is to come.	
Psalms 71:23	My lips shall greatly rejoice when I sing unto thee; and my soul, which thou hast redeemed.	
Psalms 71:3	Be thou my strong habitation, whereunto I may continually resort: thou hast given commandment to save me; for thou art my rock and my fortress.	
Psalms 71:6	By thee have I been holden up from the womb: thou art he that took me out of my mother's bowels: my praise shall be continually of thee.	
Psalms 71:8	Let my mouth be filled with thy praise and with thy honour all the day.	
Psalms 72:1	Give the king thy judgments, O God, and thy righteousness unto the king's son.	
Psalms 72:10	The kings of Tarshish and of the isles shall bring presents: the kings of Sheba and Seba shall offer gifts.	
Psalms 72:15	And he shall live, and to him shall be given of the gold of Sheba: prayer also shall be made for him continually; and daily shall he be praised.	
Psalms 72:18	Blessed be the LORD God, the God of Israel, who only doeth wondrous things.	
Psalms 72:19	And blessed be his glorious name for ever: and let the whole earth be filled with his glory; Amen, and Amen.	
Psalms 72:5	They shall fear thee as long as the sun and moon endure, throughout all generations.	
Psalms 72:6	He shall come down like rain upon the mown grass: as showers that water the earth.	
Psalms 73:18	Surely thou didst set them in slippery places: thou castedst them down into destruction.	
Psalms 73:21	Thus my heart was grieved, and I was pricked in my reins.	
Psalms 73:26	My flesh and my heart faileth: but God is the strength of my heart, and my portion for ever.	
Psalms 73:4	For there are no bands in their death: but their strength is firm.	
Psalms 74:12	For God is my King of old, working salvation in the midst of the earth.	
Psalms 74:19	O deliver not the soul of thy turtledove unto the multitude of the wicked: forget not the congregation of thy poor for ever.	
Psalms 74:2	Remember thy congregation, which thou hast purchased of old; the rod of thine inheritance, which thou hast redeemed; this mount Zion, wherein thou hast dwelt.	
Psalms 74:4	Thine enemies roar in the midst of thy congregations; they set up their ensigns for signs.	
Psalms 74:8	They said in their hearts, Let us destroy them together: they have burned up all the synagogues of God in the land.	
Psalms 75:3	The earth and all the inhabitants thereof are dissolved: I bear up the pillars of it. Selah.	
Psalms 75:7	But God is the judge: he putteth down one, and setteth up another.	
Psalms 76:10	Surely the wrath of man shall praise thee: the remainder of wrath shalt thou restrain.	
Psalms 76:11	Vow, and pay unto the LORD your God: let all that be round about him bring presents unto him that ought to be feared.	
Psalms 76:12	He shall cut off the spirit of princes: he is terrible to the kings of the earth.	
Psalms 76:4	Thou art more glorious and excellent than the mountains of prey.	
Psalms 76:7	Thou, even thou, art to be feared: and who may stand in thy sight when once thou art angry?	
Psalms 77:10	And I said, This is my infirmity: but I will remember the years of the right hand of the most High.	
Psalms 77:17	The clouds poured out water: the skies sent out a sound: thine arrows also went abroad.	
Psalms 77:20	Thou leddest thy people like a flock by the hand of Moses and Aaron.	
Psalms 77:6	I call to remembrance my song in the night: I commune with mine own heart: and my spirit made diligent search.	
Psalms 78:1	Give ear, O my people, to my law: incline your ears to the words of my mouth.	
Psalms 78:16	He brought streams also out of the rock, and caused waters to run down like rivers.	
Psalms 78:17	And they sinned yet more against him by provoking the most High in the wilderness.	
Psalms 78:21	Therefore the LORD heard this, and was wroth: so a fire was kindled against Jacob, and anger also came up against Israel;	
Psalms 78:23	Though he had commanded the clouds from above, and opened the doors of heaven,	
Psalms 78:24	And had rained down manna upon them to eat, and had given them of the corn of heaven.	
Psalms 78:26	He caused an east wind to blow in the heaven: and by his power he brought in the south wind.	
Psalms 78:33	Therefore their days did he consume in vanity, and their years in trouble.	
Psalms 78:39	For he remembered that they were but flesh; a wind that passeth away, and cometh not again.	
Psalms 78:41	Yea, they turned back and tempted God, and limited the Holy One of Israel.	
Psalms 78:42	They remembered not his hand, nor the day when he delivered them from the enemy.	
Psalms 78:45	He sent divers sorts of flies among them, which devoured them; and frogs, which destroyed them.	
Psalms 78:46	He gave also their increase unto the caterpiller, and their labour unto the locust.	
Psalms 78:52	But made his own people to go forth like sheep, and guided them in the wilderness like a flock.	
Psalms 78:57	But turned back, and dealt unfaithfully like their fathers: they were turned aside like a deceitful bow.	
Psalms 78:59	When God heard this, he was wroth, and greatly abhorred Israel:	
Psalms 78:6	That the generation to come might know them, even the children which should be born; who should arise and declare them to their children:	
Psalms 78:61	And delivered his strength into captivity, and his glory into the enemy's hand.	
Psalms 79:10	Wherefore should the heathen say, Where is their God? let him be known among the heathen in our sight by the revenging of the blood of thy servants which is shed.	
Psalms 79:13	So we thy people and sheep of thy pasture will give thee thanks for ever: we will shew forth thy praise to all generations.	
Psalms 79:5	How long, LORD? wilt thou be angry for ever? shall thy jealousy burn like fire?	
Psalms 79:9	Help us, O God of our salvation, for the glory of thy name: and deliver us, and purge away our sins, for thy name's sake.	
Psalms 7:1	O LORD my God, in thee do I put my trust: save me from all them that persecute me, and deliver me:	
Psalms 7:13	He hath also prepared for him the instruments of death; he ordaineth his arrows against the persecutors.	
Psalms 7:14	Behold, he travaileth with iniquity, and hath conceived mischief, and brought forth falsehood.	
Psalms 7:17	I will praise the LORD according to his righteousness: and will sing praise to the name of the LORD most high.	
Psalms 7:4	If I have rewarded evil unto him that was at peace with me; (yea, I have delivered him that without cause is mine enemy:)	
Psalms 7:6	Arise, O LORD, in thine anger, lift up thyself because of the rage of mine enemies: and awake for me to the judgment that thou hast commanded.	
Psalms 80:1	Give ear, O Shepherd of Israel, thou that leadest Joseph like a flock; thou that dwellest between the cherubims, shine forth.	
Psalms 80:14	Return, we beseech thee, O God of hosts: look down from heaven, and behold, and visit this vine;	
Psalms 80:16	It is burned with fire, it is cut down: they perish at the rebuke of thy countenance.	
Psalms 80:2	Before Ephraim and Benjamin and Manasseh stir up thy strength, and come and save us.	
Psalms 81:12	So I gave them up unto their own hearts' lust: and they walked in their own counsels.	
Psalms 81:14	I should soon have subdued their enemies, and turned my hand against their adversaries.	
Psalms 81:15	The haters of the LORD should have submitted themselves unto him: but their time should have endured for ever.	
Psalms 81:3	Blow up the trumpet in the new moon, in the time appointed, on our solemn feast day.	
Psalms 81:4	For this was a statute for Israel, and a law of the God of Jacob.	
Psalms 81:6	I removed his shoulder from the burden: his hands were delivered from the pots.	
Psalms 81:9	There shall no strange god be in thee; neither shalt thou worship any strange god.	
Psalms 82:5	They know not, neither will they understand; they walk on in darkness: all the foundations of the earth are out of course.	
Psalms 83:1	Keep not thou silence, O God: hold not thy peace, and be not still, O God.	
Psalms 83:17	Let them be confounded and troubled for ever; yea, let them be put to shame, and perish:	
Psalms 83:2	For, lo, thine enemies make a tumult: and they that hate thee have lifted up the head.	
Psalms 84:10	For a day in thy courts is better than a thousand. I had rather be a doorkeeper in the house of my God, than to dwell in the tents of wickedness.	
Psalms 84:11	For the LORD God is a sun and shield: the LORD will give grace and glory: no good thing will he withhold from them that walk uprightly.	
Psalms 84:3	Yea, the sparrow hath found an house, and the swallow a nest for herself, where she may lay her young, even thine altars, O LORD of hosts, my King, and my God.	
Psalms 85:10	Mercy and truth are met together; righteousness and peace have kissed each other.	
Psalms 85:2	Thou hast forgiven the iniquity of thy people, thou hast covered all their sin. Selah.	
Psalms 85:4	Turn us, O God of our salvation, and cause thine anger toward us to cease.	
Psalms 85:5	Wilt thou be angry with us for ever? wilt thou draw out thine anger to all generations?	
Psalms 86:12	I will praise thee, O Lord my God, with all my heart: and I will glorify thy name for evermore.	
Psalms 86:15	But thou, O Lord, art a God full of compassion, and gracious, longsuffering, and plenteous in mercy and truth.	
Psalms 86:2	Preserve my soul; for I am holy: O thou my God, save thy servant that trusteth in thee.	
Psalms 86:6	Give ear, O LORD, unto my prayer; and attend to the voice of my supplications.	
Psalms 86:7	In the day of my trouble I will call upon thee: for thou wilt answer me.	
Psalms 86:8	Among the gods there is none like unto thee, O Lord; neither are there any works like unto thy works.	
Psalms 87:1	His foundation is in the holy mountains.	
Psalms 87:5	And of Zion it shall be said, This and that man was born in her: and the highest himself shall establish her.	
Psalms 87:6	The LORD shall count, when he writeth up the people, that this man was born there. Selah.	
Psalms 87:7	As well the singers as the players on instruments shall be there: all my springs are in thee.	
Psalms 88:10	Wilt thou shew wonders to the dead? shall the dead arise and praise thee? Selah.	
Psalms 88:15	I am afflicted and ready to die from my youth up: while I suffer thy terrors I am distracted.	
Psalms 88:17	They came round about me daily like water; they compassed me about together.	
Psalms 89:1	I will sing of the mercies of the LORD for ever: with my mouth will I make known thy faithfulness to all generations.	
Psalms 89:12	The north and the south thou hast created them: Tabor and Hermon shall rejoice in thy name.	
Psalms 89:22	The enemy shall not exact upon him; nor the son of wickedness afflict him.	
Psalms 89:28	My mercy will I keep for him for evermore, and my covenant shall stand fast with him.	
Psalms 89:30	If his children forsake my law, and walk not in my judgments;	
Psalms 89:4	Thy seed will I establish for ever, and build up thy throne to all generations. Selah.	
Psalms 89:45	The days of his youth hast thou shortened: thou hast covered him with shame. Selah.	
Psalms 89:47	Remember how short my time is: wherefore hast thou made all men in vain?	
Psalms 89:48	What man is he that liveth, and shall not see death? shall he deliver his soul from the hand of the grave? Selah.	
Psalms 89:5	And the heavens shall praise thy wonders, O LORD: thy faithfulness also in the congregation of the saints.	
Psalms 89:7	God is greatly to be feared in the assembly of the saints, and to be had in reverence of all them that are about him.	
Psalms 8:3	When I consider thy heavens, the work of thy fingers, the moon and the stars, which thou hast ordained;	
Psalms 8:5	For thou hast made him a little lower than the angels, and hast crowned him with glory and honour.	
Psalms 8:6	Thou madest him to have dominion over the works of thy hands; thou hast put all things under his feet:	
Psalms 90:16	Let thy work appear unto thy servants, and thy glory unto their children.	
Psalms 90:3	|Thou turnest man to destruction; and sayest, Return, ye children of men.	
Psalms 91:1	He that dwelleth in the secret place of the most High shall abide under the shadow of the Almighty.	
Psalms 91:12	They shall bear thee up in their hands, lest thou dash thy foot against a stone.	
Psalms 91:13	Thou shalt tread upon the lion and adder: the young lion and the dragon shalt thou trample under feet.	
Psalms 91:5	Thou shalt not be afraid for the terror by night; nor for the arrow that flieth by day;	
Psalms 91:7	A thousand shall fall at thy side, and ten thousand at thy right hand; but it shall not come nigh thee.	
Psalms 91:8	Only with thine eyes shalt thou behold and see the reward of the wicked.	
Psalms 92:11	Mine eye also shall see my desire on mine enemies, and mine ears shall hear my desire of the wicked that rise up against me.	
Psalms 92:3	Upon an instrument of ten strings, and upon the psaltery; upon the harp with a solemn sound.	
Psalms 92:8	But thou, LORD, art most high for evermore.	
Psalms 93:1	The LORD reigneth, he is clothed with majesty; the LORD is clothed with strength, wherewith he hath girded himself: the world also is stablished, that it cannot be moved.	
Psalms 94:10	He that chastiseth the heathen, shall not he correct? he that teacheth man knowledge, shall not he know?	
Psalms 94:11	The LORD knoweth the thoughts of man, that they are vanity.	
Psalms 94:12	Blessed is the man whom thou chastenest, O LORD, and teachest him out of thy law;	
Psalms 94:16	Who will rise up for me against the evildoers? or who will stand up for me against the workers of iniquity?	
Psalms 94:17	Unless the LORD had been my help, my soul had almost dwelt in silence.	
Psalms 94:2	Lift up thyself, thou judge of the earth: render a reward to the proud.	
Psalms 94:22	But the LORD is my defence; and my God is the rock of my refuge.	
Psalms 94:3	LORD, how long shall the wicked, how long shall the wicked triumph?	
Psalms 94:7	Yet they say, The LORD shall not see, neither shall the God of Jacob regard it.	
Psalms 94:9	He that planted the ear, shall he not hear? he that formed the eye, shall he not see?	
Psalms 95:2	Let us come before his presence with thanksgiving, and make a joyful noise unto him with psalms.	
Psalms 95:7	For he is our God; and we are the people of his pasture, and the sheep of his hand. To day if ye will hear his voice,	
Psalms 95:9	When your fathers tempted me, proved me, and saw my work.	
Psalms 96:1	O sing unto the LORD a new song: sing unto the LORD, all the earth.	
Psalms 96:10	Say among the heathen that the LORD reigneth: the world also shall be established that it shall not be moved: he shall judge the people righteously.	
Psalms 96:11	Let the heavens rejoice, and let the earth be glad; let the sea roar, and the fulness thereof.	
Psalms 96:4	For the LORD is great, and greatly to be praised: he is to be feared above all gods.	
Psalms 96:7	Give unto the LORD, O ye kindreds of the people, give unto the LORD glory and strength.	
Psalms 96:8	Give unto the LORD the glory due unto his name: bring an offering, and come into his courts.	
Psalms 97:10	Ye that love the LORD, hate evil: he preserveth the souls of his saints; he delivereth them out of the hand of the wicked.	
Psalms 97:4	His lightnings enlightened the world: the earth saw, and trembled.	
Psalms 97:5	The hills melted like wax at the presence of the LORD, at the presence of the Lord of the whole earth.	
Psalms 97:8	Zion heard, and was glad; and the daughters of Judah rejoiced because of thy judgments, O LORD.	
Psalms 98:3	He hath remembered his mercy and his truth toward the house of Israel: all the ends of the earth have seen the salvation of our God.	
Psalms 98:5	Sing unto the LORD with the harp; with the harp, and the voice of a psalm.	
Psalms 98:7	Let the sea roar, and the fulness thereof; the world, and they that dwell therein.	
Psalms 9:11	Sing praises to the LORD, which dwelleth in Zion: declare among the people his doings.	
Psalms 9:12	When he maketh inquisition for blood, he remembereth them: he forgetteth not the cry of the humble.	
Psalms 9:14	That I may shew forth all thy praise in the gates of the daughter of Zion: I will rejoice in thy salvation.	
Psalms 9:15	The heathen are sunk down in the pit that they made: in the net which they hid is their own foot taken.	
Psalms 9:18	For the needy shall not alway be forgotten: the expectation of the poor shall not perish for ever.	
Psalms 9:20	Put them in fear, O LORD: that the nations may know themselves to be but men. Selah.	
Psalms 9:7	But the LORD shall endure for ever: he hath prepared his throne for judgment.	
Revelation 10:10	And I took the little book out of the angel's hand, and ate it up; and it was in my mouth sweet as honey: and as soon as I had eaten it, my belly was bitter.	
Revelation 10:4	And when the seven thunders had uttered their voices, I was about to write: and I heard a voice from heaven saying unto me, Seal up those things which the seven thunders uttered, and write them not.	
Revelation 10:7	But in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, when he shall begin to sound, the mystery of God should be finished, as he hath declared to his servants the prophets.	
Revelation 10:9	And I went unto the angel, and said unto him, Give me the little book. And he said unto me, Take it, and eat it up; and it shall make thy belly bitter, but it shall be in thy mouth sweet as honey.	
Revelation 11:14	The second woe is past; and, behold, the third woe cometh quickly.	
Revelation 11:17	Saying, We give thee thanks, O LORD God Almighty, which art, and wast, and art to come; because thou hast taken to thee thy great power, and hast reigned.	
Revelation 11:4	These are the two olive trees, and the two candlesticks standing before the God of the earth.	
Revelation 11:8	And their dead bodies shall lie in the street of the great city, which spiritually is called Sodom and Egypt, where also our Lord was crucified.	
Revelation 12:13	And when the dragon saw that he was cast unto the earth, he persecuted the woman which brought forth the man child.	
Revelation 12:7	And there was war in heaven: Michael and his angels fought against the dragon; and the dragon fought and his angels,	
Revelation 12:8	And prevailed not; neither was their place found any more in heaven.	
Revelation 12:9	And the great dragon was cast out, that old serpent, called the Devil, and Satan, which deceiveth the whole world: he was cast out into the earth, and his angels were cast out with him.	
Revelation 13:1	And I stood upon the sand of the sea, and saw a beast rise up out of the sea, having seven heads and ten horns, and upon his horns ten crowns, and upon his heads the name of blasphemy.	
Revelation 13:13	And he doeth great wonders, so that he maketh fire come down from heaven on the earth in the sight of men,	
Revelation 13:14	And deceiveth them that dwell on the earth by the means of those miracles which he had power to do in the sight of the beast; saying to them that dwell on the earth, that they should make an image to the beast, which had the wound by a sword, and did live.	
Revelation 13:17	And that no man might buy or sell, save he that had the mark, or the name of the beast, or the number of his name.	
Revelation 13:4	And they worshipped the dragon which gave power unto the beast: and they worshipped the beast, saying, Who is like unto the beast? who is able to make war with him?	
Revelation 13:6	And he opened his mouth in blasphemy against God, to blaspheme his name, and his tabernacle, and them that dwell in heaven.	
Revelation 13:9	If any man have an ear, let him hear.	
Revelation 14:1	And I looked, and, lo, a Lamb stood on the mount Sion, and with him an hundred forty and four thousand, having his Father's name written in their foreheads.	
Revelation 14:10	The same shall drink of the wine of the wrath of God, which is poured out without mixture into the cup of his indignation; and he shall be tormented with fire and brimstone in the presence of the holy angels, and in the presence of the Lamb:	
Revelation 14:13	And I heard a voice from heaven saying unto me, Write, Blessed are the dead which die in the Lord from henceforth: Yea, saith the Spirit, that they may rest from their labours; and their works do follow them.	
Revelation 14:4	These are they which were not defiled with women; for they are virgins. These are they which follow the Lamb whithersoever he goeth. These were redeemed from among men, being the firstfruits unto God and to the Lamb.	
Revelation 14:7	Saying with a loud voice, Fear God, and give glory to him; for the hour of his judgment is come: and worship him that made heaven, and earth, and the sea, and the fountains of waters.	
Revelation 14:8	And there followed another angel, saying, Babylon is fallen, is fallen, that great city, because she made all nations drink of the wine of the wrath of her fornication.	
Revelation 14:9	And the third angel followed them, saying with a loud voice, If any man worship the beast and his image, and receive his mark in his forehead, or in his hand,	
Revelation 15:3	And they sing the song of Moses the servant of God, and the song of the Lamb, saying, Great and marvellous are thy works, Lord God Almighty; just and true are thy ways, thou King of saints.	
Revelation 16:15	Behold, I come as a thief. Blessed is he that watcheth, and keepeth his garments, lest he walk naked, and they see his shame.	
Revelation 16:18	And there were voices, and thunders, and lightnings; and there was a great earthquake, such as was not since men were upon the earth, so mighty an earthquake, and so great.	
Revelation 16:3	And the second angel poured out his vial upon the sea; and it became as the blood of a dead man: and every living soul died in the sea.	
Revelation 16:4	And the third angel poured out his vial upon the rivers and fountains of waters; and they became blood.	
Revelation 16:6	For they have shed the blood of saints and prophets, and thou hast given them blood to drink; for they are worthy.	
Revelation 16:8	And the fourth angel poured out his vial upon the sun; and power was given unto him to scorch men with fire.	
Revelation 16:9	And men were scorched with great heat, and blasphemed the name of God, which hath power over these plagues: and they repented not to give him glory.	
Revelation 17:1	And there came one of the seven angels which had the seven vials, and talked with me, saying unto me, Come hither; I will shew unto thee the judgment of the great whore that sitteth upon many waters:	
Revelation 17:10	And there are seven kings: five are fallen, and one is, and the other is not yet come; and when he cometh, he must continue a short space.	
Revelation 17:14	These shall make war with the Lamb, and the Lamb shall overcome them: for he is Lord of lords, and King of kings: and they that are with him are called, and chosen, and faithful.	
Revelation 17:15	And he saith unto me, The waters which thou sawest, where the whore sitteth, are peoples, and multitudes, and nations, and tongues.	
Revelation 17:17	For God hath put in their hearts to fulfil his will, and to agree, and give their kingdom unto the beast, until the words of God shall be fulfilled.	
Revelation 17:18	And the woman which thou sawest is that great city, which reigneth over the kings of the earth.	
Revelation 17:2	With whom the kings of the earth have committed fornication, and the inhabitants of the earth have been made drunk with the wine of her fornication.	
Revelation 18:15	The merchants of these things, which were made rich by her, shall stand afar off for the fear of her torment, weeping and wailing,	
Revelation 18:2	And he cried mightily with a strong voice, saying, Babylon the great is fallen, is fallen, and is become the habitation of devils, and the hold of every foul spirit, and a cage of every unclean and hateful bird.	
Revelation 18:20	Rejoice over her, thou heaven, and ye holy apostles and prophets; for God hath avenged you on her.	
Revelation 18:6	Reward her even as she rewarded you, and double unto her double according to her works: in the cup which she hath filled fill to her double.	
Revelation 19:1	And after these things I heard a great voice of much people in heaven, saying, Alleluia; Salvation, and glory, and honour, and power, unto the Lord our God:	
Revelation 19:14	And the armies which were in heaven followed him upon white horses, clothed in fine linen, white and clean.	
Revelation 19:15	And out of his mouth goeth a sharp sword, that with it he should smite the nations: and he shall rule them with a rod of iron: and he treadeth the winepress of the fierceness and wrath of Almighty God.	
Revelation 19:19	And I saw the beast, and the kings of the earth, and their armies, gathered together to make war against him that sat on the horse, and against his army.	
Revelation 19:2	For true and righteous are his judgments: for he hath judged the great whore, which did corrupt the earth with her fornication, and hath avenged the blood of his servants at her hand.	
Revelation 1:16	And he had in his right hand seven stars: and out of his mouth went a sharp twoedged sword: and his countenance was as the sun shineth in his strength.	
Revelation 1:19	Write the things which thou hast seen, and the things which are, and the things which shall be hereafter;	
Revelation 20:14	And death and hell were cast into the lake of fire. This is the second death.	
Revelation 20:4	And I saw thrones, and they sat upon them, and judgment was given unto them: and I saw the souls of them that were beheaded for the witness of Jesus, and for the word of God, and which had not worshipped the beast, neither his image, neither had received his mark upon their foreheads, or in their hands; and they lived and reigned with Christ a thousand years.	
Revelation 20:5	But the rest of the dead lived not again until the thousand years were finished. This is the first resurrection.	
Revelation 20:7	And when the thousand years are expired, Satan shall be loosed out of his prison,	
Revelation 20:8	And shall go out to deceive the nations which are in the four quarters of the earth, Gog, and Magog, to gather them together to battle: the number of whom is as the sand of the sea.	
Revelation 21:11	Having the glory of God: and her light was like unto a stone most precious, even like a jasper stone, clear as crystal;	
Revelation 21:14	And the wall of the city had twelve foundations, and in them the names of the twelve apostles of the Lamb.	
Revelation 21:24	And the nations of them which are saved shall walk in the light of it: and the kings of the earth do bring their glory and honour into it.	
Revelation 21:25	And the gates of it shall not be shut at all by day: for there shall be no night there.	
Revelation 21:7	He that overcometh shall inherit all things; and I will be his God, and he shall be my son.	
Revelation 22:1	And he shewed me a pure river of water of life, clear as crystal, proceeding out of the throne of God and of the Lamb.	
Revelation 22:17	And the Spirit and the bride say, Come. And let him that heareth say, Come. And let him that is athirst come. And whosoever will, let him take the water of life freely.	
Revelation 22:2	In the midst of the street of it, and on either side of the river, was there the tree of life, which bare twelve manner of fruits, and yielded her fruit every month: and the leaves of the tree were for the healing of the nations.	
Revelation 2:12	And to the angel of the church in Pergamos write; These things saith he which hath the sharp sword with two edges;	
Revelation 2:18	And unto the angel of the church in Thyatira write; These things saith the Son of God, who hath his eyes like unto a flame of fire, and his feet are like fine brass;	
Revelation 2:22	Behold, I will cast her into a bed, and them that commit adultery with her into great tribulation, except they repent of their deeds.	
Revelation 2:23	And I will kill her children with death; and all the churches shall know that I am he which searcheth the reins and hearts: and I will give unto every one of you according to your works.	
Revelation 2:24	But unto you I say, and unto the rest in Thyatira, as many as have not this doctrine, and which have not known the depths of Satan, as they speak; I will put upon you none other burden.	
Revelation 2:28	And I will give him the morning star.	
Revelation 2:4	Nevertheless I have somewhat against thee, because thou hast left thy first love.	
Revelation 2:7	He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the churches; To him that overcometh will I give to eat of the tree of life, which is in the midst of the paradise of God.	
Revelation 2:8	And unto the angel of the church in Smyrna write; These things saith the first and the last, which was dead, and is alive;	
Revelation 2:9	I know thy works, and tribulation, and poverty, (but thou art rich) and I know the blasphemy of them which say they are Jews, and are not, but are the synagogue of Satan.	
Revelation 3:12	Him that overcometh will I make a pillar in the temple of my God, and he shall go no more out: and I will write upon him the name of my God, and the name of the city of my God, which is new Jerusalem, which cometh down out of heaven from my God: and I will write upon him my new name.	
Revelation 3:18	I counsel thee to buy of me gold tried in the fire, that thou mayest be rich; and white raiment, that thou mayest be clothed, and that the shame of thy nakedness do not appear; and anoint thine eyes with eyesalve, that thou mayest see.	
Revelation 3:19	As many as I love, I rebuke and chasten: be zealous therefore, and repent.	
Revelation 3:20	Behold, I stand at the door, and knock: if any man hear my voice, and open the door, I will come in to him, and will sup with him, and he with me.	
Revelation 3:4	Thou hast a few names even in Sardis which have not defiled their garments; and they shall walk with me in white: for they are worthy.	
Revelation 3:8	I know thy works: behold, I have set before thee an open door, and no man can shut it: for thou hast a little strength, and hast kept my word, and hast not denied my name.	
Revelation 4:11	Thou art worthy, O Lord, to receive glory and honour and power: for thou hast created all things, and for thy pleasure they are and were created.	
Revelation 4:2	And immediately I was in the spirit: and, behold, a throne was set in heaven, and one sat on the throne.	
Revelation 4:5	And out of the throne proceeded lightnings and thunderings and voices: and there were seven lamps of fire burning before the throne, which are the seven Spirits of God.	
Revelation 4:6	And before the throne there was a sea of glass like unto crystal: and in the midst of the throne, and round about the throne, were four beasts full of eyes before and behind.	
Revelation 5:1	And I saw in the right hand of him that sat on the throne a book written within and on the backside, sealed with seven seals.	
Revelation 5:3	And no man in heaven, nor in earth, neither under the earth, was able to open the book, neither to look thereon.	
Revelation 5:4	And I wept much, because no man was found worthy to open and to read the book, neither to look thereon.	
Revelation 5:6	And I beheld, and, lo, in the midst of the throne and of the four beasts, and in the midst of the elders, stood a Lamb as it had been slain, having seven horns and seven eyes, which are the seven Spirits of God sent forth into all the earth.	
Revelation 5:7	And he came and took the book out of the right hand of him that sat upon the throne.	
Revelation 5:8	And when he had taken the book, the four beasts and four and twenty elders fell down before the Lamb, having every one of them harps, and golden vials full of odours, which are the prayers of saints.	
Revelation 6:10	And they cried with a loud voice, saying, How long, O Lord, holy and true, dost thou not judge and avenge our blood on them that dwell on the earth?	
Revelation 6:16	And said to the mountains and rocks, Fall on us, and hide us from the face of him that sitteth on the throne, and from the wrath of the Lamb:	
Revelation 6:2	And I saw, and behold a white horse: and he that sat on him had a bow; and a crown was given unto him: and he went forth conquering, and to conquer.	
Revelation 6:4	And there went out another horse that was red: and power was given to him that sat thereon to take peace from the earth, and that they should kill one another: and there was given unto him a great sword.	
Revelation 7:1	And after these things I saw four angels standing on the four corners of the earth, holding the four winds of the earth, that the wind should not blow on the earth, nor on the sea, nor on any tree.	
Revelation 7:16	They shall hunger no more, neither thirst any more; neither shall the sun light on them, nor any heat.	
Revelation 7:5	Of the tribe of Juda were sealed twelve thousand. Of the tribe of Reuben were sealed twelve thousand. Of the tribe of Gad were sealed twelve thousand.	
Revelation 7:6	Of the tribe of Aser were sealed twelve thousand. Of the tribe of Nephthalim were sealed twelve thousand. Of the tribe of Manasses were sealed twelve thousand.	
Revelation 7:7	Of the tribe of Simeon were sealed twelve thousand. Of the tribe of Levi were sealed twelve thousand. Of the tribe of Issachar were sealed twelve thousand.	
Revelation 8:12	And the fourth angel sounded, and the third part of the sun was smitten, and the third part of the moon, and the third part of the stars; so as the third part of them was darkened, and the day shone not for a third part of it, and the night likewise.	
Revelation 8:13	And I beheld, and heard an angel flying through the midst of heaven, saying with a loud voice, Woe, woe, woe, to the inhabiters of the earth by reason of the other voices of the trumpet of the three angels, which are yet to sound!	
Revelation 8:3	And another angel came and stood at the altar, having a golden censer; and there was given unto him much incense, that he should offer it with the prayers of all saints upon the golden altar which was before the throne.	
Revelation 8:5	And the angel took the censer, and filled it with fire of the altar, and cast it into the earth: and there were voices, and thunderings, and lightnings, and an earthquake.	
Revelation 8:9	And the third part of the creatures which were in the sea, and had life, died; and the third part of the ships were destroyed.	
Revelation 9:10	And they had tails like unto scorpions, and there were stings in their tails: and their power was to hurt men five months.	
Revelation 9:14	Saying to the sixth angel which had the trumpet, Loose the four angels which are bound in the great river Euphrates.	
Revelation 9:19	For their power is in their mouth, and in their tails: for their tails were like unto serpents, and had heads, and with them they do hurt.	
Revelation 9:21	Neither repented they of their murders, nor of their sorceries, nor of their fornication, nor of their thefts.	
Revelation 9:3	And there came out of the smoke locusts upon the earth: and unto them was given power, as the scorpions of the earth have power.	
Revelation 9:4	And it was commanded them that they should not hurt the grass of the earth, neither any green thing, neither any tree; but only those men which have not the seal of God in their foreheads.	
Revelation 9:7	And the shapes of the locusts were like unto horses prepared unto battle; and on their heads were as it were crowns like gold, and their faces were as the faces of men.	
Revelation 9:8	And they had hair as the hair of women, and their teeth were as the teeth of lions.	
Romans 10:18	But I say, Have they not heard? Yes verily, their sound went into all the earth, and their words unto the ends of the world.	
Romans 10:20	But Esaias is very bold, and saith, I was found of them that sought me not; I was made manifest unto them that asked not after me.	
Romans 11:10	Let their eyes be darkened, that they may not see, and bow down their back alway.	
Romans 11:12	Now if the fall of them be the riches of the world, and the diminishing of them the riches of the Gentiles; how much more their fulness?	
Romans 11:13	For I speak to you Gentiles, inasmuch as I am the apostle of the Gentiles, I magnify mine office:	
Romans 11:2	God hath not cast away his people which he foreknew. Wot ye not what the scripture saith of Elias? how he maketh intercession to God against Israel saying,	
Romans 11:27	For this is my covenant unto them, when I shall take away their sins.	
Romans 11:29	For the gifts and calling of God are without repentance.	
Romans 11:30	For as ye in times past have not believed God, yet have now obtained mercy through their unbelief:	
Romans 11:31	Even so have these also now not believed, that through your mercy they also may obtain mercy.	
Romans 11:35	Or who hath first given to him, and it shall be recompensed unto him again?	
Romans 11:36	For of him, and through him, and to him, are all things: to whom be glory for ever. Amen.	
Romans 12:1	I beseech you therefore, brethren, by the mercies of God, that ye present your bodies a living sacrifice, holy, acceptable unto God, which is your reasonable service.	
Romans 12:15	Rejoice with them that do rejoice, and weep with them that weep.	
Romans 12:17	Recompense to no man evil for evil. Provide things honest in the sight of all men.	
Romans 12:5	So we, being many, are one body in Christ, and every one members one of another.	
Romans 12:8	Or he that exhorteth, on exhortation: he that giveth, let him do it with simplicity; he that ruleth, with diligence; he that sheweth mercy, with cheerfulness.	
Romans 13:7	Render therefore to all their dues: tribute to whom tribute is due; custom to whom custom; fear to whom fear; honour to whom honour.	
Romans 14:1	Him that is weak in the faith receive ye, but not to doubtful disputations.	
Romans 14:13	Let us not therefore judge one another any more: but judge this rather, that no man put a stumblingblock or an occasion to fall in his brother's way.	
Romans 14:16	Let not then your good be evil spoken of:	
Romans 14:19	Let us therefore follow after the things which make for peace, and things wherewith one may edify another.	
Romans 14:2	For one believeth that he may eat all things: another, who is weak, eateth herbs.	
Romans 14:3	Let not him that eateth despise him that eateth not; and let not him which eateth not judge him that eateth: for God hath received him.	
Romans 14:5	One man esteemeth one day above another: another esteemeth every day alike. Let every man be fully persuaded in his own mind.	
Romans 14:9	For to this end Christ both died, and rose, and revived, that he might be Lord both of the dead and living.	
Romans 15:1	We then that are strong ought to bear the infirmities of the weak, and not to please ourselves.	
Romans 15:11	And again, Praise the Lord, all ye Gentiles; and laud him, all ye people.	
Romans 15:16	That I should be the minister of Jesus Christ to the Gentiles, ministering the gospel of God, that the offering up of the Gentiles might be acceptable, being sanctified by the Holy Ghost.	
Romans 15:18	For I will not dare to speak of any of those things which Christ hath not wrought by me, to make the Gentiles obedient, by word and deed,	
Romans 15:19	Through mighty signs and wonders, by the power of the Spirit of God; so that from Jerusalem, and round about unto Illyricum, I have fully preached the gospel of Christ.	
Romans 15:20	Yea, so have I strived to preach the gospel, not where Christ was named, lest I should build upon another man's foundation:	
Romans 15:23	But now having no more place in these parts, and having a great desire these many years to come unto you;	
Romans 15:24	Whensoever I take my journey into Spain, I will come to you: for I trust to see you in my journey, and to be brought on my way thitherward by you, if first I be somewhat filled with your company.	
Romans 15:26	For it hath pleased them of Macedonia and Achaia to make a certain contribution for the poor saints which are at Jerusalem.	
Romans 15:28	When therefore I have performed this, and have sealed to them this fruit, I will come by you into Spain.	
Romans 15:31	That I may be delivered from them that do not believe in Judaea; and that my service which I have for Jerusalem may be accepted of the saints;	
Romans 15:7	Wherefore receive ye one another, as Christ also received us to the glory of God.	
Romans 16:13	Salute Rufus chosen in the Lord, and his mother and mine.	
Romans 16:14	Salute Asyncritus, Phlegon, Hermas, Patrobas, Hermes, and the brethren which are with them.	
Romans 16:16	Salute one another with an holy kiss. The churches of Christ salute you.	
Romans 16:21	Timotheus my workfellow, and Lucius, and Jason, and Sosipater, my kinsmen, salute you.	
Romans 16:22	I Tertius, who wrote this epistle, salute you in the Lord.	
Romans 16:24	The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.	
Romans 16:27	To God only wise, be glory through Jesus Christ for ever. Amen.	
Romans 16:5	Likewise greet the church that is in their house. Salute my well-beloved Epaenetus, who is the firstfruits of Achaia unto Christ.	
Romans 1:10	Making request, if by any means now at length I might have a prosperous journey by the will of God to come unto you.	
Romans 1:17	For therein is the righteousness of God revealed from faith to faith: as it is written, The just shall live by faith.	
Romans 1:19	Because that which may be known of God is manifest in them; for God hath shewed it unto them.	
Romans 1:22	Professing themselves to be wise, they became fools,	
Romans 1:28	And even as they did not like to retain God in their knowledge, God gave them over to a reprobate mind, to do those things which are not convenient;	
Romans 1:6	Among whom are ye also the called of Jesus Christ:	
Romans 1:8	First, I thank my God through Jesus Christ for you all, that your faith is spoken of throughout the whole world.	
Romans 2:10	But glory, honour, and peace, to every man that worketh good, to the Jew first, and also to the Gentile:	
Romans 2:15	Which shew the work of the law written in their hearts, their conscience also bearing witness, and their thoughts the mean while accusing or else excusing one another;)	
Romans 3:16	Destruction and misery are in their ways:	
Romans 3:18	There is no fear of God before their eyes.	
Romans 3:22	Even the righteousness of God which is by faith of Jesus Christ unto all and upon all them that believe: for there is no difference:	
Romans 3:23	For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God;	
Romans 3:26	To declare, I say, at this time his righteousness: that he might be just, and the justifier of him which believeth in Jesus.	
Romans 3:27	Where is boasting then? It is excluded. By what law? of works? Nay: but by the law of faith.	
Romans 4:1	What shall we say then that Abraham our father, as pertaining to the flesh, hath found?	
Romans 4:12	And the father of circumcision to them who are not of the circumcision only, but who also walk in the steps of that faith of our father Abraham, which he had being yet uncircumcised.	
Romans 4:15	Because the law worketh wrath: for where no law is, there is no transgression.	
Romans 4:19	And being not weak in faith, he considered not his own body now dead, when he was about an hundred years old, neither yet the deadness of Sarah's womb:	
Romans 4:2	For if Abraham were justified by works, he hath whereof to glory; but not before God.	
Romans 5:15	But not as the offence, so also is the free gift. For if through the offence of one many be dead, much more the grace of God, and the gift by grace, which is by one man, Jesus Christ, hath abounded unto many.	
Romans 5:16	And not as it was by one that sinned, so is the gift: for the judgment was by one to condemnation, but the free gift is of many offences unto justification.	
Romans 5:6	For when we were yet without strength, in due time Christ died for the ungodly.	
Romans 6:11	Likewise reckon ye also yourselves to be dead indeed unto sin, but alive unto God through Jesus Christ our Lord.	
Romans 6:13	Neither yield ye your members as instruments of unrighteousness unto sin: but yield yourselves unto God, as those that are alive from the dead, and your members as instruments of righteousness unto God.	
Romans 6:4	Therefore we are buried with him by baptism into death: that like as Christ was raised up from the dead by the glory of the Father, even so we also should walk in newness of life.	
Romans 7:11	For sin, taking occasion by the commandment, deceived me, and by it slew me.	
Romans 7:19	For the good that I would I do not: but the evil which I would not, that I do.	
Romans 7:20	Now if I do that I would not, it is no more I that do it, but sin that dwelleth in me.	
Romans 7:22	For I delight in the law of God after the inward man:	
Romans 7:23	But I see another law in my members, warring against the law of my mind, and bringing me into captivity to the law of sin which is in my members.	
Romans 7:24	O wretched man that I am! who shall deliver me from the body of this death?	
Romans 7:25	I thank God through Jesus Christ our Lord. So then with the mind I myself serve the law of God; but with the flesh the law of sin.	
Romans 8:1	There is therefore now no condemnation to them which are in Christ Jesus, who walk not after the flesh, but after the Spirit.	
Romans 8:10	And if Christ be in you, the body is dead because of sin; but the Spirit is life because of righteousness.	
Romans 8:12	Therefore, brethren, we are debtors, not to the flesh, to live after the flesh.	
Romans 8:13	For if ye live after the flesh, ye shall die: but if ye through the Spirit do mortify the deeds of the body, ye shall live.	
Romans 8:16	The Spirit itself beareth witness with our spirit, that we are the children of God:	
Romans 8:19	For the earnest expectation of the creature waiteth for the manifestation of the sons of God.	
Romans 8:27	And he that searcheth the hearts knoweth what is the mind of the Spirit, because he maketh intercession for the saints according to the will of God.	
Romans 8:3	For what the law could not do, in that it was weak through the flesh, God sending his own Son in the likeness of sinful flesh, and for sin, condemned sin in the flesh:	
Romans 8:36	As it is written, For thy sake we are killed all the day long; we are accounted as sheep for the slaughter.	
Romans 8:37	Nay, in all these things we are more than conquerors through him that loved us.	
Romans 8:39	Nor height, nor depth, nor any other creature, shall be able to separate us from the love of God, which is in Christ Jesus our Lord.	
Romans 8:8	So then they that are in the flesh cannot please God.	
Romans 8:9	But ye are not in the flesh, but in the Spirit, if so be that the Spirit of God dwell in you. Now if any man have not the Spirit of Christ, he is none of his.	
Romans 9:11	(For the children being not yet born, neither having done any good or evil, that the purpose of God according to election might stand, not of works, but of him that calleth;)	
Romans 9:13	As it is written, Jacob have I loved, but Esau have I hated.	
Romans 9:15	For he saith to Moses, I will have mercy on whom I will have mercy, and I will have compassion on whom I will have compassion.	
Romans 9:17	For the scripture saith unto Pharaoh, Even for this same purpose have I raised thee up, that I might shew my power in thee, and that my name might be declared throughout all the earth.	
Romans 9:28	For he will finish the work, and cut it short in righteousness: because a short work will the Lord make upon the earth.	
Romans 9:29	And as Esaias said before, Except the Lord of Sabaoth had left us a seed, we had been as Sodoma, and been made like unto Gomorrha.	
Romans 9:3	For I could wish that myself were accursed from Christ for my brethren, my kinsmen according to the flesh:	
Romans 9:4	Who are Israelites; to whom pertaineth the adoption, and the glory, and the covenants, and the giving of the law, and the service of God, and the promises;	
Romans 9:8	That is, They which are the children of the flesh, these are not the children of God: but the children of the promise are counted for the seed.	
Ruth 1:1	Now it came to pass in the days when the judges ruled, that there was a famine in the land. And a certain man of Bethlehemjudah went to sojourn in the country of Moab, he, and his wife, and his two sons.	
Ruth 1:16	And Ruth said, Entreat me not to leave thee, or to return from following after thee: for whither thou goest, I will go; and where thou lodgest, I will lodge: thy people shall be my people, and thy God my God:	
Ruth 1:18	When she saw that she was stedfastly minded to go with her, then she left speaking unto her.	
Ruth 1:19	So they two went until they came to Bethlehem. And it came to pass, when they were come to Bethlehem, that all the city was moved about them, and they said, Is this Naomi?	
Ruth 1:6	Then she arose with her daughters in law, that she might return from the country of Moab: for she had heard in the country of Moab how that the LORD had visited his people in giving them bread.	
Ruth 1:8	And Naomi said unto her two daughters in law, Go, return each to her mother's house: the LORD deal kindly with you, as ye have dealt with the dead, and with me.	
Ruth 1:9	The LORD grant you that ye may find rest, each of you in the house of her husband. Then she kissed them; and they lifted up their voice, and wept.	
Ruth 2:1	And Naomi had a kinsman of her husband's, a mighty man of wealth, of the family of Elimelech; and his name was Boaz.	
Ruth 2:11	And Boaz answered and said unto her, It hath fully been showed me, all that thou hast done unto thy mother in law since the death of thine husband: and how thou hast left thy father and thy mother, and the land of thy nativity, and art come unto a people which thou knewest not heretofore.	
Ruth 2:14	And Boaz said unto her, At mealtime come thou hither, and eat of the bread, and dip thy morsel in the vinegar. And she sat beside the reapers: and he reached her parched corn, and she did eat, and was sufficed, and left.	
Ruth 2:17	So she gleaned in the field until even, and beat out that she had gleaned: and it was about an ephah of barley.	
Ruth 2:5	Then said Boaz unto his servant that was set over the reapers, Whose damsel is this?	
Ruth 2:8	Then said Boaz unto Ruth, Hearest thou not, my daughter? Go not to glean in another field, neither go from hence, but abide here fast by my maidens:	
Ruth 3:5	And she said unto her, All that thou sayest unto me I will do.	
Ruth 3:8	And it came to pass at midnight, that the man was afraid, and turned himself: and, behold, a woman lay at his feet.	
Ruth 4:10	Moreover Ruth the Moabitess, the wife of Mahlon, have I purchased to be my wife, to raise up the name of the dead upon his inheritance, that the name of the dead be not cut off from among his brethren, and from the gate of his place: ye are witnesses this day.	
Ruth 4:11	And all the people that were in the gate, and the elders, said, We are witnesses. The LORD make the woman that is come into thine house like Rachel and like Leah, which two did build the house of Israel: and do thou worthily in Ephratah, and be famous in Bethlehem:	
Ruth 4:12	And let thy house be like the house of Pharez, whom Tamar bare unto Judah, of the seed which the LORD shall give thee of this young woman.	
Ruth 4:16	And Naomi took the child, and laid it in her bosom, and became nurse unto it.	
Ruth 4:20	And Amminadab begat Nahshon, and Nahshon begat Salmon,	
Ruth 4:22	And Obed begat Jesse, and Jesse begat David.	
Ruth 4:3	And he said unto the kinsman, Naomi, that is come again out of the country of Moab, selleth a parcel of land, which was our brother Elimelech's:	
Ruth 4:8	Therefore the kinsman said unto Boaz, Buy it for thee. So he drew off his shoe.	
Song of Solomon 1:10	Thy cheeks are comely with rows of jewels, thy neck with chains of gold.	
Song of Solomon 1:16	Behold, thou art fair, my beloved, yea, pleasant: also our bed is green.	
Song of Solomon 1:3	Because of the savour of thy good ointments thy name is as ointment poured forth, therefore do the virgins love thee.	
Song of Solomon 1:6	Look not upon me, because I am black, because the sun hath looked upon me: my mother's children were angry with me; they made me the keeper of the vineyards; but mine own vineyard have I not kept.	
Song of Solomon 1:7	Tell me, O thou whom my soul loveth, where thou feedest, where thou makest thy flock to rest at noon: for why should I be as one that turneth aside by the flocks of thy companions?	
Song of Solomon 2:11	For, lo, the winter is past, the rain is over and gone;	
Song of Solomon 2:16	My beloved is mine, and I am his: he feedeth among the lilies.	
Song of Solomon 2:5	Stay me with flagons, comfort me with apples: for I am sick of love.	
Song of Solomon 2:6	His left hand is under my head, and his right hand doth embrace me.	
Song of Solomon 3:1	By night on my bed I sought him whom my soul loveth: I sought him, but I found him not.	
Song of Solomon 3:4	It was but a little that I passed from them, but I found him whom my soul loveth: I held him, and would not let him go, until I had brought him into my mother's house, and into the chamber of her that conceived me.	
Song of Solomon 3:5	I charge you, O ye daughters of Jerusalem, by the roes, and by the hinds of the field, that ye stir not up, nor awake my love, till he please.	
Song of Solomon 4:10	How fair is thy love, my sister, my spouse! how much better is thy love than wine! and the smell of thine ointments than all spices!	
Song of Solomon 4:12	A garden inclosed is my sister, my spouse; a spring shut up, a fountain sealed.	
Song of Solomon 4:13	Thy plants are an orchard of pomegranates, with pleasant fruits; camphire, with spikenard,	
Song of Solomon 4:15	A fountain of gardens, a well of living waters, and streams from Lebanon.	
Song of Solomon 4:3	Thy lips are like a thread of scarlet, and thy speech is comely: thy temples are like a piece of a pomegranate within thy locks.	
Song of Solomon 4:4	Thy neck is like the tower of David builded for an armoury, whereon there hang a thousand bucklers, all shields of mighty men.	
Song of Solomon 4:7	Thou art all fair, my love; there is no spot in thee.	
Song of Solomon 4:9	Thou hast ravished my heart, my sister, my spouse; thou hast ravished my heart with one of thine eyes, with one chain of thy neck.	
Song of Solomon 5:1	I am come into my garden, my sister, my spouse: I have gathered my myrrh with my spice; I have eaten my honeycomb with my honey; I have drunk my wine with my milk: eat, O friends; drink, yea, drink abundantly, O beloved.	
Song of Solomon 5:9	What is thy beloved more than another beloved, O thou fairest among women? what is thy beloved more than another beloved, that thou dost so charge us?	
Song of Solomon 6:12	Or ever I was aware, my soul made me like the chariots of Amminadib.	
Song of Solomon 6:4	Thou art beautiful, O my love, as Tirzah, comely as Jerusalem, terrible as an army with banners.	
Song of Solomon 7:4	Thy neck is as a tower of ivory; thine eyes like the fishpools in Heshbon, by the gate of Bathrabbim: thy nose is as the tower of Lebanon which looketh toward Damascus.	
Song of Solomon 7:8	I said, I will go up to the palm tree, I will take hold of the boughs thereof: now also thy breasts shall be as clusters of the vine, and the smell of thy nose like apples;	
Song of Solomon 8:7	Many waters cannot quench love, neither can the floods drown it: if a man would give all the substance of his house for love, it would utterly be contemned.	
Titus 1:11	Whose mouths must be stopped, who subvert whole houses, teaching things which they ought not, for filthy lucre's sake.	
Titus 1:3	But hath in due times manifested his word through preaching, which is committed unto me according to the commandment of God our Saviour;	
Titus 1:5	For this cause left I thee in Crete, that thou shouldest set in order the things that are wanting, and ordain elders in every city, as I had appointed thee:	
Titus 2:12	Teaching us that, denying ungodliness and worldly lusts, we should live soberly, righteously, and godly, in this present world;	
Titus 2:2	That the aged men be sober, grave, temperate, sound in faith, in charity, in patience.	
Titus 2:7	In all things shewing thyself a pattern of good works: in doctrine shewing uncorruptness, gravity, sincerity,	
Titus 2:9	Exhort servants to be obedient unto their own masters, and to please them well in all things; not answering again;	
Titus 3:5	Not by works of righteousness which we have done, but according to his mercy he saved us, by the washing of regeneration, and renewing of the Holy Ghost;	
Zechariah 10:1	Ask ye of the LORD rain in the time of the latter rain; so the LORD shall make bright clouds, and give them showers of rain, to every one grass in the field.	
Zechariah 10:2	For the idols have spoken vanity, and the diviners have seen a lie, and have told false dreams; they comfort in vain: therefore they went their way as a flock, they were troubled, because there was no shepherd.	
Zechariah 10:4	Out of him came forth the corner, out of him the nail, out of him the battle bow, out of him every oppressor together.	
Zechariah 10:7	And they of Ephraim shall be like a mighty man, and their heart shall rejoice as through wine: yea, their children shall see it, and be glad; their heart shall rejoice in the LORD.	
Zechariah 10:9	And I will sow them among the people: and they shall remember me in far countries; and they shall live with their children, and turn again.	
Zechariah 11:5	Whose possessors slay them, and hold themselves not guilty: and they that sell them say, Blessed be the LORD; for I am rich: and their own shepherds pity them not.	
Zechariah 11:6	For I will no more pity the inhabitants of the land, saith the LORD: but, lo, I will deliver the men every one into his neighbour's hand, and into the hand of his king: and they shall smite the land, and out of their hand I will not deliver them.	
Zechariah 11:9	Then said I, I will not feed you: that that dieth, let it die; and that that is to be cut off, let it be cut off; and let the rest eat every one the flesh of another.	
Zechariah 12:11	In that day shall there be a great mourning in Jerusalem, as the mourning of Hadadrimmon in the valley of Megiddon.	
Zechariah 12:12	And the land shall mourn, every family apart; the family of the house of David apart, and their wives apart; the family of the house of Nathan apart, and their wives apart;	
Zechariah 12:2	Behold, I will make Jerusalem a cup of trembling unto all the people round about, when they shall be in the siege both against Judah and against Jerusalem.	
Zechariah 12:3	And in that day will I make Jerusalem a burdensome stone for all people: all that burden themselves with it shall be cut in pieces, though all the people of the earth be gathered together against it.	
Zechariah 12:5	And the governors of Judah shall say in their heart, The inhabitants of Jerusalem shall be my strength in the LORD of hosts their God.	
Zechariah 13:3	And it shall come to pass, that when any shall yet prophesy, then his father and his mother that begat him shall say unto him, Thou shalt not live; for thou speakest lies in the name of the LORD: and his father and his mother that begat him shall thrust him through when he prophesieth.	
Zechariah 13:5	But he shall say, I am no prophet, I am an husbandman; for man taught me to keep cattle from my youth.	
Zechariah 13:9	And I will bring the third part through the fire, and will refine them as silver is refined, and will try them as gold is tried: they shall call on my name, and I will hear them: I will say, It is my people: and they shall say, The LORD is my God.	
Zechariah 14:12	And this shall be the plague wherewith the LORD will smite all the people that have fought against Jerusalem; Their flesh shall consume away while they stand upon their feet, and their eyes shall consume away in their holes, and their tongue shall consume away in their mouth.	
Zechariah 14:20	In that day shall there be upon the bells of the horses, HOLINESS UNTO THE LORD; and the pots in the LORD's house shall be like the bowls before the altar.	
Zechariah 14:3	Then shall the LORD go forth, and fight against those nations, as when he fought in the day of battle.	
Zechariah 14:5	And ye shall flee to the valley of the mountains; for the valley of the mountains shall reach unto Azal: yea, ye shall flee, like as ye fled from before the earthquake in the days of Uzziah king of Judah: and the LORD my God shall come, and all the saints with thee.	
Zechariah 14:7	But it shall be one day which shall be known to the LORD, not day, nor night: but it shall come to pass, that at evening time it shall be light.	
Zechariah 14:8	And it shall be in that day, that living waters shall go out from Jerusalem; half of them toward the former sea, and half of them toward the hinder sea: in summer and in winter shall it be.	
Zechariah 1:10	And the man that stood among the myrtle trees answered and said, These are they whom the LORD hath sent to walk to and fro through the earth.	
Zechariah 1:11	And they answered the angel of the LORD that stood among the myrtle trees, and said, We have walked to and fro through the earth, and, behold, all the earth sitteth still, and is at rest.	
Zechariah 1:14	So the angel that communed with me said unto me, Cry thou, saying, Thus saith the LORD of hosts; I am jealous for Jerusalem and for Zion with a great jealousy.	
Zechariah 1:17	Cry yet, saying, Thus saith the LORD of hosts; My cities through prosperity shall yet be spread abroad; and the LORD shall yet comfort Zion, and shall yet choose Jerusalem.	
Zechariah 1:4	Be ye not as your fathers, unto whom the former prophets have cried, saying, Thus saith the LORD of hosts; Turn ye now from your evil ways, and from your evil doings: but they did not hear, nor hearken unto me, saith the LORD.	
Zechariah 1:6	But my words and my statutes, which I commanded my servants the prophets, did they not take hold of your fathers? and they returned and said, Like as the LORD of hosts thought to do unto us, according to our ways, and according to our doings, so hath he dealt with us.	
Zechariah 2:10	Sing and rejoice, O daughter of Zion: for, lo, I come, and I will dwell in the midst of thee, saith the LORD.	
Zechariah 2:11	And many nations shall be joined to the LORD in that day, and shall be my people: and I will dwell in the midst of thee, and thou shalt know that the LORD of hosts hath sent me unto thee.	
Zechariah 2:5	For I, saith the LORD, will be unto her a wall of fire round about, and will be the glory in the midst of her.	
Zechariah 2:9	For, behold, I will shake mine hand upon them, and they shall be a spoil to their servants: and ye shall know that the LORD of hosts hath sent me.	
Zechariah 3:3	Now Joshua was clothed with filthy garments, and stood before the angel.	
Zechariah 3:7	Thus saith the LORD of hosts; If thou wilt walk in my ways, and if thou wilt keep my charge, then thou shalt also judge my house, and shalt also keep my courts, and I will give thee places to walk among these that stand by.	
Zechariah 4:1	And the angel that talked with me came again, and waked me, as a man that is wakened out of his sleep.	
Zechariah 4:14	Then said he, These are the two anointed ones, that stand by the LORD of the whole earth.	
Zechariah 4:3	And two olive trees by it, one upon the right side of the bowl, and the other upon the left side thereof.	
Zechariah 4:6	Then he answered and spake unto me, saying, This is the word of the LORD unto Zerubbabel, saying, Not by might, nor by power, but by my spirit, saith the LORD of hosts.	
Zechariah 4:7	Who art thou, O great mountain? before Zerubbabel thou shalt become a plain: and he shall bring forth the headstone thereof with shoutings, crying, Grace, grace unto it.	
Zechariah 5:1	Then I turned, and lifted up mine eyes, and looked, and behold a flying roll.	
Zechariah 5:11	And he said unto me, To build it an house in the land of Shinar: and it shall be established, and set there upon her own base.	
Zechariah 5:7	And, behold, there was lifted up a talent of lead: and this is a woman that sitteth in the midst of the ephah.	
Zechariah 6:12	And speak unto him, saying, Thus speaketh the LORD of hosts, saying, Behold the man whose name is The BRANCH; and he shall grow up out of his place, and he shall build the temple of the LORD:	
Zechariah 6:2	In the first chariot were red horses; and in the second chariot black horses;	
Zechariah 6:7	And the bay went forth, and sought to go that they might walk to and fro through the earth: and he said, Get you hence, walk to and fro through the earth. So they walked to and fro through the earth.	
Zechariah 8:15	So again have I thought in these days to do well unto Jerusalem and to the house of Judah: fear ye not.	
Zechariah 8:16	These are the things that ye shall do; Speak ye every man the truth to his neighbour; execute the judgment of truth and peace in your gates:	
Zechariah 8:17	And let none of you imagine evil in your hearts against his neighbour; and love no false oath: for all these are things that I hate, saith the LORD.	
Zechariah 8:22	Yea, many people and strong nations shall come to seek the LORD of hosts in Jerusalem, and to pray before the LORD.	
Zechariah 8:4	Thus saith the LORD of hosts; There shall yet old men and old women dwell in the streets of Jerusalem, and every man with his staff in his hand for very age.	
Zechariah 8:7	Thus saith the LORD of hosts; Behold, I will save my people from the east country, and from the west country;	
Zechariah 9:6	And a bastard shall dwell in Ashdod, and I will cut off the pride of the Philistines.	
Zephaniah 1:11	Howl, ye inhabitants of Maktesh, for all the merchant people are cut down; all they that bear silver are cut off.	
Zephaniah 1:12	And it shall come to pass at that time, that I will search Jerusalem with candles, and punish the men that are settled on their lees: that say in their heart, The LORD will not do good, neither will he do evil.	
Zephaniah 1:18	Neither their silver nor their gold shall be able to deliver them in the day of the LORD's wrath; but the whole land shall be devoured by the fire of his jealousy: for he shall make even a speedy riddance of all them that dwell in the land.	
Zephaniah 1:2	I will utterly consume all things from off the land, saith the LORD.	
Zephaniah 1:4	I will also stretch out mine hand upon Judah, and upon all the inhabitants of Jerusalem; and I will cut off the remnant of Baal from this place, and the name of the Chemarims with the priests;	
Zephaniah 1:5	And them that worship the host of heaven upon the housetops; and them that worship and that swear by the LORD, and that swear by Malcham;	
Zephaniah 2:14	And flocks shall lie down in the midst of her, all the beasts of the nations: both the cormorant and the bittern shall lodge in the upper lintels of it; their voice shall sing in the windows; desolation shall be in the thresholds; for he shall uncover the cedar work.	
Zephaniah 2:3	Seek ye the LORD, all ye meek of the earth, which have wrought his judgment; seek righteousness, seek meekness: it may be ye shall be hid in the day of the LORD's anger.	
Zephaniah 2:6	And the sea coast shall be dwellings and cottages for shepherds, and folds for flocks.	
Zephaniah 2:8	I have heard the reproach of Moab, and the revilings of the children of Ammon, whereby they have reproached my people, and magnified themselves against their border.	
Zephaniah 3:11	In that day shalt thou not be ashamed for all thy doings, wherein thou hast transgressed against me: for then I will take away out of the midst of thee them that rejoice in thy pride, and thou shalt no more be haughty because of my holy mountain.	
Zephaniah 3:3	Her princes within her are roaring lions; her judges are evening wolves; they gnaw not the bones till the morrow.	
Zephaniah 3:6	I have cut off the nations: their towers are desolate; I made their streets waste, that none passeth by: their cities are destroyed, so that there is no man, that there is none inhabitant.	
