1 Chronicles 10:11	And when all Jabeshgilead heard all that the Philistines had done to Saul,	
1 Chronicles 10:13	So Saul died for his transgression which he committed against the LORD, even against the word of the LORD, which he kept not, and also for asking counsel of one that had a familiar spirit, to enquire of it;	
1 Chronicles 11:13	He was with David at Pasdammim, and there the Philistines were gathered together to battle, where was a parcel of ground full of barley; and the people fled from before the Philistines.	
1 Chronicles 11:15	Now three of the thirty captains went down to the rock to David, into the cave of Adullam; and the host of the Philistines encamped in the valley of Rephaim.	
1 Chronicles 11:18	And the three brake through the host of the Philistines, and drew water out of the well of Bethlehem, that was by the gate, and took it, and brought it to David: but David would not drink of it, but poured it out to the LORD.	
1 Chronicles 11:23	And he slew an Egyptian, a man of great stature, five cubits high; and in the Egyptian's hand was a spear like a weaver's beam; and he went down to him with a staff, and plucked the spear out of the Egyptian's hand, and slew him with his own spear.	
1 Chronicles 11:25	Behold, he was honorable among the thirty, but attained not to the first three: and David set him over his guard.	
1 Chronicles 11:31	Ithai the son of Ribai of Gibeah, that pertained to the children of Benjamin, Benaiah the Pirathonite,	
1 Chronicles 11:33	Azmaveth the Baharumite, Eliahba the Shaalbonite,	
1 Chronicles 11:39	Zelek the Ammonite, Naharai the Berothite, the armourbearer of Joab the son of Zeruiah,	
1 Chronicles 11:42	Adina the son of Shiza the Reubenite, a captain of the Reubenites, and thirty with him,	
1 Chronicles 11:43	Hanan the son of Maachah, and Joshaphat the Mithnite,	
1 Chronicles 11:7	And David dwelt in the castle; therefore they called it the city of David.	
1 Chronicles 11:8	And he built the city round about, even from Millo round about: and Joab repaired the rest of the city.	
1 Chronicles 12:10	Mishmannah the fourth, Jeremiah the fifth,	
1 Chronicles 12:12	Johanan the eighth, Elzabad the ninth,	
1 Chronicles 12:13	Jeremiah the tenth, Machbanai the eleventh.	
1 Chronicles 12:14	These were of the sons of Gad, captains of the host: one of the least was over an hundred, and the greatest over a thousand.	
1 Chronicles 12:15	These are they that went over Jordan in the first month, when it had overflown all his banks; and they put to flight all them of the valleys, both toward the east, and toward the west.	
1 Chronicles 12:17	And David went out to meet them, and answered and said unto them, If ye be come peaceably unto me to help me, mine heart shall be knit unto you: but if ye be come to betray me to mine enemies, seeing there is no wrong in mine hands, the God of our fathers look thereon, and rebuke it.	
1 Chronicles 12:20	As he went to Ziklag, there fell to him of Manasseh, Adnah, and Jozabad, and Jediael, and Michael, and Jozabad, and Elihu, and Zilthai, captains of the thousands that were of Manasseh.	
1 Chronicles 12:26	Of the children of Levi four thousand and six hundred.	
1 Chronicles 12:28	And Zadok, a young man mighty of valor, and of his father's house twenty and two captains.	
1 Chronicles 12:30	And of the children of Ephraim twenty thousand and eight hundred, mighty men of valor, famous throughout the house of their fathers.	
1 Chronicles 12:7	And Joelah, and Zebadiah, the sons of Jeroham of Gedor.	
1 Chronicles 13:1	And David consulted with the captains of thousands and hundreds, and with every leader.	
1 Chronicles 13:10	And the anger of the LORD was kindled against Uzza, and he smote him, because he put his hand to the ark: and there he died before God.	
1 Chronicles 13:4	And all the congregation said that they would do so: for the thing was right in the eyes of all the people.	
1 Chronicles 13:9	And when they came unto the threshingfloor of Chidon, Uzza put forth his hand to hold the ark; for the oxen stumbled.	
1 Chronicles 14:1	Now Hiram king of Tyre sent messengers to David, and timber of cedars, with masons and carpenters, to build him an house.	
1 Chronicles 14:10	And David inquired of God, saying, Shall I go up against the Philistines? And wilt thou deliver them into mine hand? And the LORD said unto him, Go up; for I will deliver them into thine hand.	
1 Chronicles 14:2	And David perceived that the LORD had confirmed him king over Israel, for his kingdom was lifted up on high, because of his people Israel.	
1 Chronicles 14:4	Now these are the names of his children which he had in Jerusalem; Shammua, and Shobab, Nathan, and Solomon,	
1 Chronicles 14:7	And Elishama, and Beeliada, and Eliphalet.	
1 Chronicles 14:8	And when the Philistines heard that David was anointed king over all Israel, all the Philistines went up to seek David. And David heard of it, and went out against them.	
1 Chronicles 14:9	And the Philistines came and spread themselves in the valley of Rephaim.	
1 Chronicles 15:11	And David called for Zadok and Abiathar the priests, and for the Levites, for Uriel, Asaiah, and Joel, Shemaiah, and Eliel, and Amminadab,	
1 Chronicles 15:12	And said unto them, Ye are the chief of the fathers of the Levites: sanctify yourselves, both ye and your brethren, that ye may bring up the ark of the LORD God of Israel unto the place that I have prepared for it.	
1 Chronicles 15:23	And Berechiah and Elkanah were doorkeepers for the ark.	
1 Chronicles 15:24	And Shebaniah, and Jehoshaphat, and Nethaneel, and Amasai, and Zechariah, and Benaiah, and Eliezer, the priests, did blow with the trumpets before the ark of God: and Obededom and Jehiah were doorkeepers for the ark.	
1 Chronicles 15:27	And David was clothed with a robe of fine linen, and all the Levites that bare the ark, and the singers, and Chenaniah the master of the song with the singers: David also had upon him an ephod of linen.	
1 Chronicles 15:5	Of the sons of Kohath; Uriel the chief, and his brethren an hundred and twenty:	
1 Chronicles 15:9	Of the sons of Hebron; Eliel the chief, and his brethren fourscore:	
1 Chronicles 16:1	So they brought the ark of God, and set it in the midst of the tent that David had pitched for it: and they offered burnt sacrifices and peace offerings before God.	
1 Chronicles 16:19	When ye were but few, even a few, and strangers in it.	
1 Chronicles 16:2	And when David had made an end of offering the burnt offerings and the peace offerings, he blessed the people in the name of the LORD.	
1 Chronicles 16:26	For all the gods of the people are idols: but the LORD made the heavens.	
1 Chronicles 16:27	Glory and honor are in his presence; strength and gladness are in his place.	
1 Chronicles 16:30	Fear before him, all the earth: the world also shall be stable, that it be not moved.	
1 Chronicles 16:31	Let the heavens be glad, and let the earth rejoice: and let men say among the nations, The LORD reigneth.	
1 Chronicles 16:32	Let the sea roar, and the fulness thereof: let the fields rejoice, and all that is therein.	
1 Chronicles 16:35	And say ye, Save us, O God of our salvation, and gather us together, and deliver us from the heathen, that we may give thanks to thy holy name, and glory in thy praise.	
1 Chronicles 16:40	To offer burnt offerings unto the LORD upon the altar of the burnt offering continually morning and evening, and to do according to all that is written in the law of the LORD, which he commanded Israel;	
1 Chronicles 16:42	And with them Heman and Jeduthun with trumpets and cymbals for those that should make a sound, and with musical instruments of God. And the sons of Jeduthun were porters.	
1 Chronicles 17:22	For thy people Israel didst thou make thine own people for ever; and thou, LORD, becamest their God.	
1 Chronicles 17:25	For thou, O my God, hast told thy servant that thou wilt build him an house: therefore thy servant hath found in his heart to pray before thee.	
1 Chronicles 17:4	Go and tell David my servant, Thus saith the LORD, Thou shalt not build me an house to dwell in:	
1 Chronicles 18:1	Now after this it came to pass, that David smote the Philistines, and subdued them, and took Gath and her towns out of the hand of the Philistines.	
1 Chronicles 18:16	And Zadok the son of Ahitub, and Abimelech the son of Abiathar, were the priests; and Shavsha was scribe;	
1 Chronicles 18:7	And David took the shields of gold that were on the servants of Hadarezer, and brought them to Jerusalem.	
1 Chronicles 18:9	Now when Tou king of Hamath heard how David had smitten all the host of Hadarezer king of Zobah;	
1 Chronicles 19:15	And when the children of Ammon saw that the Syrians were fled, they likewise fled before Abishai his brother, and entered into the city. Then Joab came to Jerusalem.	
1 Chronicles 1:13	And Canaan begat Zidon his firstborn, and Heth,	
1 Chronicles 1:17	The sons of Shem; Elam, and Asshur, and Arphaxad, and Lud, and Aram, and Uz, and Hul, and Gether, and Meshech.	
1 Chronicles 1:21	Hadoram also, and Uzal, and Diklah,	
1 Chronicles 1:22	And Ebal, and Abimael, and Sheba,	
1 Chronicles 1:24	Shem, Arphaxad, Shelah,	
1 Chronicles 1:30	Mishma, and Dumah, Massa, Hadad, and Tema,	
1 Chronicles 1:32	Now the sons of Keturah, Abraham's concubine: she bare Zimran, and Jokshan, and Medan, and Midian, and Ishbak, and Shuah. And the sons of Jokshan; Sheba, and Dedan.	
1 Chronicles 1:35	The sons of Esau; Eliphaz, Reuel, and Jeush, and Jaalam, and Korah.	
1 Chronicles 1:40	The sons of Shobal; Alian, and Manahath, and Ebal, Shephi, and Onam. and the sons of Zibeon; Aiah, and Anah.	
1 Chronicles 1:41	The sons of Anah; Dishon. And the sons of Dishon; Amram, and Eshban, and Ithran, and Cheran.	
1 Chronicles 1:44	And when Bela was dead, Jobab the son of Zerah of Bozrah reigned in his stead.	
1 Chronicles 1:46	And when Husham was dead, Hadad the son of Bedad, which smote Midian in the field of Moab, reigned in his stead: and the name of his city was Avith.	
1 Chronicles 1:48	And when Samlah was dead, Shaul of Rehoboth by the river reigned in his stead.	
1 Chronicles 1:8	The sons of Ham; Cush, and Mizraim, Put, and Canaan.	
1 Chronicles 20:8	These were born unto the giant in Gath; and they fell by the hand of David, and by the hand of his servants.	
1 Chronicles 21:1	And Satan stood up against Israel, and provoked David to number Israel.	
1 Chronicles 21:11	So Gad came to David, and said unto him, Thus saith the LORD, Choose thee	
1 Chronicles 21:17	And David said unto God, Is it not I that commanded the people to be numbered? even I it is that have sinned and done evil indeed; but as for these sheep, what have they done? let thine hand, I pray thee, O LORD my God, be on me, and on my father's house; but not on thy people, that they should be plagued.	
1 Chronicles 21:18	Then the angel of the LORD commanded Gad to say to David, that David should go up, and set up an altar unto the LORD in the threshingfloor of Ornan the Jebusite.	
1 Chronicles 21:23	And Ornan said unto David, Take it to thee, and let my lord the king do that which is good in his eyes: lo, I give thee the oxen also for burnt offerings, and the threshing instruments for wood, and the wheat for the meat offering; I give it all.	
1 Chronicles 21:26	And David built there an altar unto the LORD, and offered burnt offerings and peace offerings, and called upon the LORD; and he answered him from heaven by fire upon the altar of burnt offering.	
1 Chronicles 21:28	At that time when David saw that the LORD had answered him in the threshingfloor of Ornan the Jebusite, then he sacrificed there.	
1 Chronicles 21:3	And Joab answered, The LORD make his people an hundred times so many more as they be: but, my lord the king, are they not all my lord's servants? why then doth my lord require this thing? why will he be a cause of trespass to Israel?	
1 Chronicles 21:6	But Levi and Benjamin counted he not among them: for the king's word was abominable to Joab.	
1 Chronicles 22:10	He shall build an house for my name; and he shall be my son, and I will be his father; and I will establish the throne of his kingdom over Israel for ever.	
1 Chronicles 22:17	David also commanded all the princes of Israel to help Solomon his son, saying,	
1 Chronicles 22:18	Is not the LORD your God with you? and hath he not given you rest on every side? for he hath given the inhabitants of the land into mine hand; and the land is subdued before the LORD, and before his people.	
1 Chronicles 22:5	And David said, Solomon my son is young and tender, and the house that is to be builded for the LORD must be exceeding magnificent, of fame and of glory throughout all countries: I will therefore now make preparation for it. So David prepared abundantly before his death.	
1 Chronicles 22:7	And David said to Solomon, My son, as for me, it was in my mind to build an house unto the name of the LORD my God:	
1 Chronicles 23:10	And the sons of Shimei were, Jahath, Zina, and Jeush, and Beriah. These four were the sons of Shimei.	
1 Chronicles 23:15	The sons of Moses were, Gershom, and Eliezer.	
1 Chronicles 23:17	And the sons of Eliezer were, Rehabiah the chief. And Eliezer had none other sons; but the sons of Rehabiah were very many.	
1 Chronicles 23:22	And Eleazar died, and had no sons, but daughters: and their brethren the sons of Kish took them.	
1 Chronicles 23:25	For David said, The LORD God of Israel hath given rest unto his people, that they may dwell in Jerusalem for ever:	
1 Chronicles 23:28	Because their office was to wait on the sons of Aaron for the service of the house of the LORD, in the courts, and in the chambers, and in the purifying of all holy things, and the work of the service of the house of God;	
1 Chronicles 23:29	Both for the shewbread, and for the fine flour for meat offering, and for the unleavened cakes, and for that which is baked in the pan, and for that which is fried, and for all manner of measure and size;	
1 Chronicles 23:3	Now the Levites were numbered from the age of thirty years and upward: and their number by their polls, man by man, was thirty and eight thousand.	
1 Chronicles 23:30	And to stand every morning to thank and praise the LORD, and likewise at even:	
1 Chronicles 23:32	And that they should keep the charge of the tabernacle of the congregation, and the charge of the holy place, and the charge of the sons of Aaron their brethren, in the service of the house of the LORD.	
1 Chronicles 23:4	Of which, twenty and four thousand were to set forward the work of the house of the LORD; and six thousand were officers and judges:	
1 Chronicles 23:9	The sons of Shimei; Shelomith, and Haziel, and Haran, three. These were the chief of the fathers of Laadan.	
1 Chronicles 24:1	Now these are the divisions of the sons of Aaron. The sons of Aaron; Nadab, and Abihu, Eleazar, and Ithamar.	
1 Chronicles 24:11	The ninth to Jeshuah, the tenth to Shecaniah,	
1 Chronicles 24:15	The seventeenth to Hezir, the eighteenth to Aphses,	
1 Chronicles 24:16	The nineteenth to Pethahiah, the twentieth to Jehezekel,	
1 Chronicles 24:2	But Nadab and Abihu died before their father, and had no children: therefore Eleazar and Ithamar executed the priest's office.	
1 Chronicles 24:21	Concerning Rehabiah: of the sons of Rehabiah, the first was Isshiah.	
1 Chronicles 24:25	The brother of Michah was Isshiah: of the sons of Isshiah; Zechariah.	
1 Chronicles 24:30	The sons also of Mushi; Mahli, and Eder, and Jerimoth. These were the sons of the Levites after the house of their fathers.	
1 Chronicles 24:4	And there were more chief men found of the sons of Eleazar than of the sons of Ithamar, and thus were they divided. Among the sons of Eleazar there were sixteen chief men of the house of their fathers, and eight among the sons of Ithamar according to the house of their fathers.	
1 Chronicles 24:6	And Shemaiah the son of Nethaneel the scribe, one of the Levites, wrote them before the king, and the princes, and Zadok the priest, and Ahimelech the son of Abiathar, and before the chief of the fathers of the priests and Levites: one principal household being taken for Eleazar, and one taken for Ithamar.	
1 Chronicles 24:7	Now the first lot came forth to Jehoiarib, the second to Jedaiah,	
1 Chronicles 25:11	The fourth to Izri, he, his sons, and his brethren, were twelve:	
1 Chronicles 25:12	The fifth to Nethaniah, he, his sons, and his brethren, were twelve:	
1 Chronicles 25:17	The tenth to Shimei, he, his sons, and his brethren, were twelve:	
1 Chronicles 25:2	Of the sons of Asaph; Zaccur, and Joseph, and Nethaniah, and Asarelah, the sons of Asaph under the hands of Asaph, which prophesied according to the order of the king.	
1 Chronicles 25:24	The seventeenth to Joshbekashah, he, his sons, and his brethren, were twelve:	
1 Chronicles 25:26	The nineteenth to Mallothi, he, his sons, and his brethren, were twelve:	
1 Chronicles 25:29	The two and twentieth to Giddalti, he, his sons, and his brethren, were twelve:	
1 Chronicles 25:5	All these were the sons of Heman the king's seer in the words of God, to lift up the horn. And God gave to Heman fourteen sons and three daughters.	
1 Chronicles 26:12	Among these were the divisions of the porters, even among the chief men, having wards one against another, to minister in the house of the LORD.	
1 Chronicles 26:24	And Shebuel the son of Gershom, the son of Moses, was ruler of the treasures.	
1 Chronicles 26:25	And his brethren by Eliezer; Rehabiah his son, and Jeshaiah his son, and Joram his son, and Zichri his son, and Shelomith his son.	
1 Chronicles 26:32	And his brethren, men of valor, were two thousand and seven hundred chief fathers, whom king David made rulers over the Reubenites, the Gadites, and the half tribe of Manasseh, for every matter pertaining to God, and affairs of the king.	
1 Chronicles 26:7	The sons of Shemaiah; Othni, and Rephael, and Obed, Elzabad, whose brethren were strong men, Elihu, and Semachiah.	
1 Chronicles 27:13	The tenth captain for the tenth month was Maharai the Netophathite, of the Zarhites: and in his course were twenty and four thousand.	
1 Chronicles 27:14	The eleventh captain for the eleventh month was Benaiah the Pirathonite, of the children of Ephraim: and in his course were twenty and four thousand.	
1 Chronicles 27:15	The twelfth captain for the twelfth month was Heldai the Netophathite, of Othniel: and in his course were twenty and four thousand.	
1 Chronicles 27:17	Of the Levites, Hashabiah the son of Kemuel: of the Aaronites, Zadok:	
1 Chronicles 27:18	Of Judah, Elihu, one of the brethren of David: of Issachar, Omri the son of Michael:	
1 Chronicles 27:22	Of Dan, Azareel the son of Jeroham. These were the princes of the tribes of Israel.	
1 Chronicles 27:24	Joab the son of Zeruiah began to number, but he finished not, because there fell wrath for it against Israel; neither was the number put in the account of the chronicles of king David.	
1 Chronicles 27:29	And over the herds that fed in Sharon was Shitrai the Sharonite: and over the herds that were in the valleys was Shaphat the son of Adlai:	
1 Chronicles 27:31	And over the flocks was Jaziz the Hagerite. All these were the rulers of the substance which was king David's.	
1 Chronicles 27:33	And Ahithophel was the king's counselor: and Hushai the Archite was the king's companion:	
1 Chronicles 28:1	And David assembled all the princes of Israel, the princes of the tribes, and the captains of the companies that ministered to the king by course, and the captains over the thousands, and captains over the hundreds, and the stewards over all the substance and possession of the king, and of his sons, with the officers, and with the mighty men, and with all the valiant men, unto Jerusalem.	
1 Chronicles 28:11	Then David gave to Solomon his son the pattern of the porch, and of the houses thereof, and of the treasuries thereof, and of the upper chambers thereof, and of the inner parlors thereof, and of the place of the mercy seat,	
1 Chronicles 28:4	Howbeit the LORD God of Israel chose me before all the house of my father to be king over Israel for ever: for he hath chosen Judah to be the ruler; and of the house of Judah, the house of my father; and among the sons of my father he liked me to make me king over all Israel:	
1 Chronicles 28:5	And of all my sons, (for the LORD hath given me many sons,) he hath chosen Solomon my son to sit upon the throne of the kingdom of the LORD over Israel.	
1 Chronicles 28:7	Moreover I will establish his kingdom for ever, if he be constant to do my commandments and my judgments, as at this day.	
1 Chronicles 28:8	Now therefore in the sight of all Israel the congregation of the LORD, and in the audience of our God, keep and seek for all the commandments of the LORD your God: that ye may possess this good land, and leave it for an inheritance for your children after you for ever.	
1 Chronicles 29:11	Thine, O LORD is the greatness, and the power, and the glory, and the victory, and the majesty: for all that is in the heaven and in the earth is thine; thine is the kingdom, O LORD, and thou art exalted as head above all.	
1 Chronicles 29:13	Now therefore, our God, we thank thee, and praise thy glorious name.	
1 Chronicles 29:17	I know also, my God, that thou triest the heart, and hast pleasure in uprightness. As for me, in the uprightness of mine heart I have willingly offered all these things: and now have I seen with joy thy people, which are present here, to offer willingly unto thee.	
1 Chronicles 29:19	And give unto Solomon my son a perfect heart, to keep thy commandments, thy testimonies, and thy statutes, and to do all these things, and to build the palace, for the which I have made provision.	
1 Chronicles 29:2	Now I have prepared with all my might for the house of my God the gold for things to be made of gold, and the silver for things of silver, and the brass for things of brass, the iron for things of iron, and wood for things of wood; onyx stones, and stones to be set, glistering stones, and of divers colors, and all manner of precious stones, and marble stones in abundance.	
1 Chronicles 29:6	Then the chief of the fathers and princes of the tribes of Israel and the captains of thousands and of hundreds, with the rulers of the king's work, offered willingly,	
1 Chronicles 29:7	And gave for the service of the house of God of gold five thousand talents and ten thousand drams, and of silver ten thousand talents, and of brass eighteen thousand talents, and one hundred thousand talents of iron.	
1 Chronicles 2:15	Ozem the sixth, David the seventh:	
1 Chronicles 2:2	Dan, Joseph, and Benjamin, Naphtali, Gad, and Asher.	
1 Chronicles 2:24	And after that Hezron was dead in Calebephratah, then Abiah Hezron's wife bare him Ashur the father of Tekoa.	
1 Chronicles 2:25	And the sons of Jerahmeel the firstborn of Hezron were, Ram the firstborn, and Bunah, and Oren, and Ozem, and Ahijah.	
1 Chronicles 2:26	Jerahmeel had also another wife, whose name was Atarah; she was the mother of Onam.	
1 Chronicles 2:32	And the sons of Jada the brother of Shammai; Jether, and Jonathan: and Jether died without children.	
1 Chronicles 2:34	Now Sheshan had no sons, but daughters. And Sheshan had a servant, an Egyptian, whose name was Jarha.	
1 Chronicles 2:36	And Attai begat Nathan, and Nathan begat Zabad,	
1 Chronicles 2:37	And Zabad begat Ephlal, and Ephlal begat Obed,	
1 Chronicles 2:49	She bare also Shaaph the father of Madmannah, Sheva the father of Machbenah, and the father of Gibea: and the daughter of Caleb was Achsa.	
1 Chronicles 2:6	And the sons of Zerah; Zimri, and Ethan, and Heman, and Calcol, and Dara: five of them in all.	
1 Chronicles 3:12	Amaziah his son, Azariah his son, Jotham his son,	
1 Chronicles 3:5	And these were born unto him in Jerusalem; Shimea, and Shobab, and Nathan, and Solomon, four, of Bathshua the daughter of Ammiel:	
1 Chronicles 3:7	And Nogah, and Nepheg, and Japhia,	
1 Chronicles 4:10	And Jabez called on the God of Israel, saying, Oh that thou wouldest bless me indeed, and enlarge my coast, and that thine hand might be with me, and that thou wouldest keep me from evil, that it may not grieve me! And God granted him that which he requested.	
1 Chronicles 4:11	And Chelub the brother of Shuah begat Mehir, which was the father of Eshton.	
1 Chronicles 4:15	And the sons of Caleb the son of Jephunneh; Iru, Elah, and Naam: and the sons of Elah, even Kenaz.	
1 Chronicles 4:16	And the sons of Jehaleleel; Ziph, and Ziphah, Tiria, and Asareel.	
1 Chronicles 4:17	And the sons of Ezra were, Jether, and Mered, and Epher, and Jalon: and she bare Miriam, and Shammai, and Ishbah the father of Eshtemoa.	
1 Chronicles 4:18	And his wife Jehudijah bare Jered the father of Gedor, and Heber the father of Socho, and Jekuthiel the father of Zanoah. And these are the sons of Bithiah the daughter of Pharaoh, which Mered took.	
1 Chronicles 4:19	And the sons of his wife Hodiah the sister of Naham, the father of Keilah the Garmite, and Eshtemoa the Maachathite.	
1 Chronicles 4:31	And at Bethmarcaboth, and Hazarsusim, and at Bethbirei, and at Shaaraim. These were their cities unto the reign of David.	
1 Chronicles 4:35	And Joel, and Jehu the son of Josibiah, the son of Seraiah, the son of Asiel,	
1 Chronicles 4:5	And Ashur the father of Tekoa had two wives, Helah and Naarah.	
1 Chronicles 5:13	And their brethren of the house of their fathers were, Michael, and Meshullam, and Sheba, and Jorai, and Jachan, and Zia, and Heber, seven.	
1 Chronicles 5:15	Ahi the son of Abdiel, the son of Guni, chief of the house of their fathers.	
1 Chronicles 5:18	The sons of Reuben, and the Gadites, and half the tribe of Manasseh, of valiant men, men able to bear buckler and sword, and to shoot with bow, and skillful in war, were four and forty thousand seven hundred and threescore, that went out to the war.	
1 Chronicles 5:20	And they were helped against them, and the Hagarites were delivered into their hand, and all that were with them: for they cried to God in the battle, and he was intreated of them; because they put their trust in him.	
1 Chronicles 5:22	For there fell down many slain, because the war was of God. And they dwelt in their steads until the captivity.	
1 Chronicles 5:7	And his brethren by their families, when the genealogy of their generations was reckoned, were the chief, Jeiel, and Zechariah,	
1 Chronicles 5:9	And eastward he inhabited unto the entering in of the wilderness from the river Euphrates: because their cattle were multiplied in the land of Gilead.	
1 Chronicles 6:13	And Shallum begat Hilkiah, and Hilkiah begat Azariah,	
1 Chronicles 6:14	And Azariah begat Seraiah, and Seraiah begat Jehozadak,	
1 Chronicles 6:23	Elkanah his son, and Ebiasaph his son, and Assir his son,	
1 Chronicles 6:27	Eliab his son, Jeroham his son, Elkanah his son.	
1 Chronicles 6:30	Shimea his son, Haggiah his son, Asaiah his son.	
1 Chronicles 6:32	And they ministered before the dwelling place of the tabernacle of the congregation with singing, until Solomon had built the house of the LORD in Jerusalem: and then they waited on their office according to their order.	
1 Chronicles 6:33	And these are they that waited with their children. Of the sons of the Kohathites: Heman a singer, the son of Joel, the son of Shemuel,	
1 Chronicles 6:34	The son of Elkanah, the son of Jeroham, the son of Eliel, the son of Toah,	
1 Chronicles 6:35	The son of Zuph, the son of Elkanah, the son of Mahath, the son of Amasai,	
1 Chronicles 6:37	The son of Tahath, the son of Assir, the son of Ebiasaph, the son of Korah,	
1 Chronicles 6:43	The son of Jahath, the son of Gershom, the son of Levi.	
1 Chronicles 6:5	And Abishua begat Bukki, and Bukki begat Uzzi,	
1 Chronicles 6:52	Meraioth his son, Amariah his son, Ahitub his son,	
1 Chronicles 6:54	Now these are their dwelling places throughout their castles in their coasts, of the sons of Aaron, of the families of the Kohathites: for theirs was the lot.	
1 Chronicles 6:62	And to the sons of Gershom throughout their families out of the tribe of Issachar, and out of the tribe of Asher, and out of the tribe of Naphtali, and out of the tribe of Manasseh in Bashan, thirteen cities.	
1 Chronicles 6:63	Unto the sons of Merari were given by lot, throughout their families, out of the tribe of Reuben, and out of the tribe of Gad, and out of the tribe of Zebulun, twelve cities.	
1 Chronicles 6:76	And out of the tribe of Naphtali; Kedesh in Galilee with her suburbs, and Hammon with her suburbs, and Kirjathaim with her suburbs.	
1 Chronicles 6:8	And Ahitub begat Zadok, and Zadok begat Ahimaaz,	
1 Chronicles 6:80	And out of the tribe of Gad; Ramoth in Gilead with her suburbs, and Mahanaim with her suburbs,	
1 Chronicles 7:14	The sons of Manasseh; Ashriel, whom she bare: (but his concubine the Aramitess bare Machir the father of Gilead:	
1 Chronicles 7:17	And the sons of Ulam; Bedan. These were the sons of Gilead, the son of Machir, the son of Manasseh.	
1 Chronicles 7:21	And Zabad his son, and Shuthelah his son, and Ezer, and Elead, whom the men of Gath that were born in that land slew, because they came down to take away their cattle.	
1 Chronicles 7:28	And their possessions and habitations were, Bethel and the towns thereof, and eastward Naaran, and westward Gezer, with the towns thereof; Shechem also and the towns thereof, unto Gaza and the towns thereof:	
1 Chronicles 7:3	And the sons of Uzzi; Izrahiah: and the sons of Izrahiah; Michael, and Obadiah, and Joel, Ishiah, five: all of them chief men.	
1 Chronicles 7:31	And the sons of Beriah; Heber, and Malchiel, who is the father of Birzavith.	
1 Chronicles 7:36	The sons of Zophah; Suah, and Harnepher, and Shual, and Beri, and Imrah,	
1 Chronicles 7:39	And the sons of Ulla; Arah, and Haniel, and Rezia.	
1 Chronicles 8:12	The sons of Elpaal; Eber, and Misham, and Shamed, who built Ono, and Lod, with the towns thereof:	
1 Chronicles 8:20	And Elienai, and Zilthai, and Eliel,	
1 Chronicles 8:24	And Hananiah, and Elam, and Antothijah,	
1 Chronicles 8:25	And Iphedeiah, and Penuel, the sons of Shashak;	
1 Chronicles 8:3	And the sons of Bela were, Addar, and Gera, and Abihud,	
1 Chronicles 8:31	And Gedor, and Ahio, and Zacher.	
1 Chronicles 8:33	And Ner begat Kish, and Kish begat Saul, and Saul begat Jonathan, and Malchishua, and Abinadab, and Eshbaal.	
1 Chronicles 8:38	And Azel had six sons, whose names are these, Azrikam, Bocheru, and Ishmael, and Sheariah, and Obadiah, and Hanan. All these were the sons of Azel.	
1 Chronicles 8:6	And these are the sons of Ehud: these are the heads of the fathers of the inhabitants of Geba, and they removed them to Manahath:	
1 Chronicles 9:10	And of the priests; Jedaiah, and Jehoiarib, and Jachin,	
1 Chronicles 9:11	And Azariah the son of Hilkiah, the son of Meshullam, the son of Zadok, the son of Meraioth, the son of Ahitub, the ruler of the house of God;	
1 Chronicles 9:22	All these which were chosen to be porters in the gates were two hundred and twelve. These were reckoned by their genealogy in their villages, whom David and Samuel the seer did ordain in their set office.	
1 Chronicles 9:23	So they and their children had the oversight of the gates of the house of the LORD, namely, the house of the tabernacle, by wards.	
1 Chronicles 9:27	And they lodged round about the house of God, because the charge was upon them, and the opening thereof every morning pertained to them.	
1 Chronicles 9:28	And certain of them had the charge of the ministering vessels, that they should bring them in and out by tale.	
1 Chronicles 9:35	And in Gibeon dwelt the father of Gibeon, Jehiel, whose wife's name was Maachah:	
1 Chronicles 9:36	And his firstborn son Abdon, then Zur, and Kish, and Baal, and Ner, and Nadab.	
1 Chronicles 9:38	And Mikloth begat Shimeam. And they also dwelt with their brethren at Jerusalem, over against their brethren.	
1 Chronicles 9:8	And Ibneiah the son of Jeroham, and Elah the son of Uzzi, the son of Michri, and Meshullam the son of Shephathiah, the son of Reuel, the son of Ibnijah;	
1 Chronicles 9:9	And their brethren, according to their generations, nine hundred and fifty and six. All these men were chief of the fathers in the house of their fathers.	
1 Corinthians 10:13	There hath no temptation taken you but such as is common to man: but God is faithful, who will not suffer you to be tempted above that ye are able; but will with the temptation also make a way to escape, that ye may be able to bear it.	
1 Corinthians 10:19	What say I then? that the idol is any thing, or that which is offered in sacrifice to idols is any thing?	
1 Corinthians 10:2	And were all baptized unto Moses in the cloud and in the sea;	
1 Corinthians 10:21	Ye cannot drink the cup of the Lord, and the cup of devils: ye cannot be partakers of the Lord's table, and of the table of devils.	
1 Corinthians 10:26	For the earth is the Lord's, and the fulness thereof.	
1 Corinthians 10:29	Conscience, I say, not thine own, but of the other: for why is my liberty judged of another man's conscience?	
1 Corinthians 10:30	For if I by grace be a partaker, why am I evil spoken of for that for which I give thanks?	
1 Corinthians 10:6	Now these things were our examples, to the intent we should not lust after evil things, as they also lusted.	
1 Corinthians 10:7	Neither be ye idolaters, as were some of them; as it is written, The people sat down to eat and drink, and rose up to play.	
1 Corinthians 10:8	Neither let us commit fornication, as some of them committed, and fell in one day three and twenty thousand.	
1 Corinthians 11:1	Be ye followers of me, even as I also am of Christ.	
1 Corinthians 11:12	For as the woman is of the man, even so is the man also by the woman; but all things of God.	
1 Corinthians 11:21	For in eating every one taketh before other his own supper: and one is hungry, and another is drunken.	
1 Corinthians 11:26	For as often as ye eat this bread, and drink this cup, ye do shew the Lord's death till he come.	
1 Corinthians 11:27	Wherefore whosoever shall eat this bread, and drink this cup of the Lord, unworthily, shall be guilty of the body and blood of the Lord.	
1 Corinthians 11:31	For if we would judge ourselves, we should not be judged.	
1 Corinthians 11:34	And if any man hunger, let him eat at home; that ye come not together unto condemnation. And the rest will I set in order when I come.	
1 Corinthians 11:5	But every woman that prayeth or prophesieth with her head uncovered dishonoureth her head: for that is even all one as if she were shaven.	
1 Corinthians 12:11	But all these worketh that one and the selfsame Spirit, dividing to every man severally as he will.	
1 Corinthians 12:12	For as the body is one, and hath many members, and all the members of that one body, being many, are one body: so also is Christ.	
1 Corinthians 12:16	And if the ear shall say, Because I am not the eye, I am not of the body; is it therefore not of the body?	
1 Corinthians 12:17	If the whole body were an eye, where were the hearing? If the whole were hearing, where were the smelling?	
1 Corinthians 12:18	But now hath God set the members every one of them in the body, as it hath pleased him.	
1 Corinthians 12:21	And the eye cannot say unto the hand, I have no need of thee: nor again the head to the feet, I have no need of you.	
1 Corinthians 12:24	For our comely parts have no need: but God hath tempered the body together, having given more abundant honour to that part which lacked.	
1 Corinthians 13:2	And though I have the gift of prophecy, and understand all mysteries, and all knowledge; and though I have all faith, so that I could remove mountains, and have not charity, I am nothing.	
1 Corinthians 13:3	And though I bestow all my goods to feed the poor, and though I give my body to be burned, and have not charity, it profiteth me nothing.	
1 Corinthians 13:4	Charity suffereth long, and is kind; charity envieth not; charity vaunteth not itself, is not puffed up,	
1 Corinthians 14:10	There are, it may be, so many kinds of voices in the world, and none of them is without signification.	
1 Corinthians 14:14	For if I pray in an unknown tongue, my spirit prayeth, but my understanding is unfruitful.	
1 Corinthians 14:15	What is it then? I will pray with the spirit, and I will pray with the understanding also: I will sing with the spirit, and I will sing with the understanding also.	
1 Corinthians 14:18	I thank my God, I speak with tongues more than ye all:	
1 Corinthians 14:20	Brethren, be not children in understanding: howbeit in malice be ye children, but in understanding be men.	
1 Corinthians 14:21	In the law it is written, With men of other tongues and other lips will I speak unto this people; and yet for all that will they not hear me, saith the Lord.	
1 Corinthians 14:39	Wherefore, brethren, covet to prophesy, and forbid not to speak with tongues.	
1 Corinthians 14:5	I would that ye all spake with tongues but rather that ye prophesied: for greater is he that prophesieth than he that speaketh with tongues, except he interpret, that the church may receive edifying.	
1 Corinthians 15:12	Now if Christ be preached that he rose from the dead, how say some among you that there is no resurrection of the dead?	
1 Corinthians 15:15	Yea, and we are found false witnesses of God; because we have testified of God that he raised up Christ: whom he raised not up, if so be that the dead rise not.	
1 Corinthians 15:20	But now is Christ risen from the dead, and become the firstfruits of them that slept.	
1 Corinthians 15:22	For as in Adam all die, even so in Christ shall all be made alive.	
1 Corinthians 15:24	Then cometh the end, when he shall have delivered up the kingdom to God, even the Father; when he shall have put down all rule and all authority and power.	
1 Corinthians 15:25	For he must reign, till he hath put all enemies under his feet.	
1 Corinthians 15:28	And when all things shall be subdued unto him, then shall the Son also himself be subject unto him that put all things under him, that God may be all in all.	
1 Corinthians 15:3	For I delivered unto you first of all that which I also received, how that Christ died for our sins according to the scriptures;	
1 Corinthians 15:35	But some man will say, How are the dead raised up? and with what body do they come?	
1 Corinthians 15:37	And that which thou sowest, thou sowest not that body that shall be, but bare grain, it may chance of wheat, or of some other grain:	
1 Corinthians 15:42	So also is the resurrection of the dead. It is sown in corruption; it is raised in incorruption:	
1 Corinthians 15:45	And so it is written, The first man Adam was made a living soul; the last Adam was made a quickening spirit.	
1 Corinthians 15:47	The first man is of the earth, earthy; the second man is the Lord from heaven.	
1 Corinthians 15:51	Behold, I shew you a mystery; We shall not all sleep, but we shall all be changed,	
1 Corinthians 15:52	In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed.	
1 Corinthians 15:54	So when this corruptible shall have put on incorruption, and this mortal shall have put on immortality, then shall be brought to pass the saying that is written, Death is swallowed up in victory.	
1 Corinthians 15:55	O death, where is thy sting? O grave, where is thy victory?	
1 Corinthians 15:56	The sting of death is sin; and the strength of sin is the law.	
1 Corinthians 15:57	But thanks be to God, which giveth us the victory through our Lord Jesus Christ.	
1 Corinthians 15:58	Therefore, my beloved brethren, be ye stedfast, unmoveable, always abounding in the work of the Lord, forasmuch as ye know that your labour is not in vain in the Lord.	
1 Corinthians 15:7	After that, he was seen of James; then of all the apostles.	
1 Corinthians 16:22	If any man love not the Lord Jesus Christ, let him be Anathema Maranatha.	
1 Corinthians 16:5	Now I will come unto you, when I shall pass through Macedonia: for I do pass through Macedonia.	
1 Corinthians 16:8	But I will tarry at Ephesus until Pentecost.	
1 Corinthians 1:11	For it hath been declared unto me of you, my brethren, by them which are of the house of Chloe, that there are contentions among you.	
1 Corinthians 1:12	Now this I say, that every one of you saith, I am of Paul; and I of Apollos; and I of Cephas; and I of Christ.	
1 Corinthians 1:13	Is Christ divided? was Paul crucified for you? or were ye baptized in the name of Paul?	
1 Corinthians 1:15	Lest any should say that I had baptized in mine own name.	
1 Corinthians 1:20	Where is the wise? where is the scribe? where is the disputer of this world? hath not God made foolish the wisdom of this world?	
1 Corinthians 1:21	For after that in the wisdom of God the world by wisdom knew not God, it pleased God by the foolishness of preaching to save them that believe.	
1 Corinthians 1:25	Because the foolishness of God is wiser than men; and the weakness of God is stronger than men.	
1 Corinthians 1:27	But God hath chosen the foolish things of the world to confound the wise; and God hath chosen the weak things of the world to confound the things which are mighty;	
1 Corinthians 1:29	That no flesh should glory in his presence.	
1 Corinthians 1:9	God is faithful, by whom ye were called unto the fellowship of his Son Jesus Christ our Lord.	
1 Corinthians 2:11	For what man knoweth the things of a man, save the spirit of man which is in him? even so the things of God knoweth no man, but the Spirit of God.	
1 Corinthians 2:14	But the natural man receiveth not the things of the Spirit of God: for they are foolishness unto him: neither can he know them, because they are spiritually discerned.	
1 Corinthians 2:3	And I was with you in weakness, and in fear, and in much trembling.	
1 Corinthians 2:6	Howbeit we speak wisdom among them that are perfect: yet not the wisdom of this world, nor of the princes of this world, that come to nought:	
1 Corinthians 2:9	But as it is written, Eye hath not seen, nor ear heard, neither have entered into the heart of man, the things which God hath prepared for them that love him.	
1 Corinthians 3:11	For other foundation can no man lay than that is laid, which is Jesus Christ.	
1 Corinthians 3:18	Let no man deceive himself. If any man among you seemeth to be wise in this world, let him become a fool, that he may be wise.	
1 Corinthians 3:20	And again, The Lord knoweth the thoughts of the wise, that they are vain.	
1 Corinthians 3:7	So then neither is he that planteth any thing, neither he that watereth; but God that giveth the increase.	
1 Corinthians 4:18	Now some are puffed up, as though I would not come to you.	
1 Corinthians 5:1	It is reported commonly that there is fornication among you, and such fornication as is not so much as named among the Gentiles, that one should have his father's wife.	
1 Corinthians 5:10	Yet not altogether with the fornicators of this world, or with the covetous, or extortioners, or with idolaters; for then must ye needs go out of the world.	
1 Corinthians 5:4	In the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, when ye are gathered together, and my spirit, with the power of our Lord Jesus Christ,	
1 Corinthians 5:5	To deliver such an one unto Satan for the destruction of the flesh, that the spirit may be saved in the day of the Lord Jesus.	
1 Corinthians 5:7	Purge out therefore the old leaven, that ye may be a new lump, as ye are unleavened. For even Christ our passover is sacrificed for us:	
1 Corinthians 6:10	Nor thieves, nor covetous, nor drunkards, nor revilers, nor extortioners, shall inherit the kingdom of God.	
1 Corinthians 6:9	Know ye not that the unrighteous shall not inherit the kingdom of God? Be not deceived: neither fornicators, nor idolaters, nor adulterers, nor effeminate, nor abusers of themselves with mankind,	
1 Corinthians 7:12	But to the rest speak I, not the Lord: If any brother hath a wife that believeth not, and she be pleased to dwell with him, let him not put her away.	
1 Corinthians 7:14	For the unbelieving husband is sanctified by the wife, and the unbelieving wife is sanctified by the husband: else were your children unclean; but now are they holy.	
1 Corinthians 7:23	Ye are bought with a price; be not ye the servants of men.	
1 Corinthians 7:25	Now concerning virgins I have no commandment of the Lord: yet I give my judgment, as one that hath obtained mercy of the Lord to be faithful.	
1 Corinthians 7:28	But and if thou marry, thou hast not sinned; and if a virgin marry, she hath not sinned. Nevertheless such shall have trouble in the flesh: but I spare you.	
1 Corinthians 7:35	And this I speak for your own profit; not that I may cast a snare upon you, but for that which is comely, and that ye may attend upon the Lord without distraction.	
1 Corinthians 7:36	But if any man think that he behaveth himself uncomely toward his virgin, if she pass the flower of her age, and need so require, let him do what he will, he sinneth not: let them marry.	
1 Corinthians 7:38	So then he that giveth her in marriage doeth well; but he that giveth her not in marriage doeth better.	
1 Corinthians 7:8	I say therefore to the unmarried and widows, It is good for them if they abide even as I.	
1 Corinthians 7:9	But if they cannot contain, let them marry: for it is better to marry than to burn.	
1 Corinthians 8:1	Now as touching things offered unto idols, we know that we all have knowledge. Knowledge puffeth up, but charity edifieth.	
1 Corinthians 8:10	For if any man see thee which hast knowledge sit at meat in the idol's temple, shall not the conscience of him which is weak be emboldened to eat those things which are offered to idols;	
1 Corinthians 8:12	But when ye sin so against the brethren, and wound their weak conscience, ye sin against Christ.	
1 Corinthians 8:3	But if any man love God, the same is known of him.	
1 Corinthians 8:6	But to us there is but one God, the Father, of whom are all things, and we in him; and one Lord Jesus Christ, by whom are all things, and we by him.	
1 Corinthians 9:10	Or saith he it altogether for our sakes? For our sakes, no doubt, this is written: that he that ploweth should plow in hope; and that he that thresheth in hope should be partaker of his hope.	
1 Corinthians 9:11	If we have sown unto you spiritual things, is it a great thing if we shall reap your carnal things?	
1 Corinthians 9:14	Even so hath the Lord ordained that they which preach the gospel should live of the gospel.	
1 Corinthians 9:17	For if I do this thing willingly, I have a reward: but if against my will, a dispensation of the gospel is committed unto me.	
1 Corinthians 9:19	For though I be free from all men, yet have I made myself servant unto all, that I might gain the more.	
1 Corinthians 9:22	To the weak became I as weak, that I might gain the weak: I am made all things to all men, that I might by all means save some.	
1 Corinthians 9:26	I therefore so run, not as uncertainly; so fight I, not as one that beateth the air:	
1 Corinthians 9:6	Or I only and Barnabas, have not we power to forbear working?	
1 Corinthians 9:8	Say I these things as a man? or saith not the law the same also?	
1 John 1:10	If we say that we have not sinned, we make him a liar, and his word is not in us.	
1 John 1:4	And these things write we unto you, that your joy may be full.	
1 John 2:15	Love not the world, neither the things that are in the world. If any man love the world, the love of the Father is not in him.	
1 John 2:23	Whosoever denieth the Son, the same hath not the Father: he that acknowledgeth the Son hath the Father also.	
1 John 2:25	And this is the promise that he hath promised us, even eternal life.	
1 John 2:3	And hereby we do know that we know him, if we keep his commandments.	
1 John 2:4	He that saith, I know him, and keepeth not his commandments, is a liar, and the truth is not in him.	
1 John 2:6	He that saith he abideth in him ought himself also so to walk, even as he walked.	
1 John 3:12	Not as Cain, who was of that wicked one, and slew his brother. And wherefore slew he him? Because his own works were evil, and his brother's righteous.	
1 John 3:17	But whoso hath this world's good, and seeth his brother have need, and shutteth up his bowels of compassion from him, how dwelleth the love of God in him?	
1 John 3:6	Whosoever abideth in him sinneth not: whosoever sinneth hath not seen him, neither known him.	
1 John 4:1	Beloved, believe not every spirit, but try the spirits whether they are of God: because many false prophets are gone out into the world.	
1 John 4:10	Herein is love, not that we loved God, but that he loved us, and sent his Son to be the propitiation for our sins.	
1 John 4:18	There is no fear in love; but perfect love casteth out fear: because fear hath torment. He that feareth is not made perfect in love.	
1 John 4:19	We love him, because he first loved us.	
1 John 4:2	Hereby know ye the Spirit of God: Every spirit that confesseth that Jesus Christ is come in the flesh is of God:	
1 John 4:6	We are of God: he that knoweth God heareth us; he that is not of God heareth not us. Hereby know we the spirit of truth, and the spirit of error.	
1 John 4:9	In this was manifested the love of God toward us, because that God sent his only begotten Son into the world, that we might live through him.	
1 John 5:1	Whosoever believeth that Jesus is the Christ is born of God: and every one that loveth him that begat loveth him also that is begotten of him.	
1 John 5:10	He that believeth on the Son of God hath the witness in himself: he that believeth not God hath made him a liar; because he believeth not the record that God gave of his Son.	
1 John 5:11	And this is the record, that God hath given to us eternal life, and this life is in his Son.	
1 John 5:15	And if we know that he hear us, whatsoever we ask, we know that we have the petitions that we desired of him.	
1 John 5:17	All unrighteousness is sin: and there is a sin not unto death.	
1 John 5:2	By this we know that we love the children of God, when we love God, and keep his commandments.	
1 John 5:8	And there are three that bear witness in earth, the Spirit, and the water, and the blood: and these three agree in one.	
1 Kings 10:11	And the navy also of Hiram, that brought gold from Ophir, brought in from Ophir great plenty of almug trees, and precious stones.	
1 Kings 10:20	And twelve lions stood there on the one side and on the other upon the six steps: there was not the like made in any kingdom.	
1 Kings 10:24	And all the earth sought to Solomon, to hear his wisdom, which God had put in his heart.	
1 Kings 10:28	And Solomon had horses brought out of Egypt, and linen yarn: the king's merchants received the linen yarn at a price.	
1 Kings 10:29	And a chariot came up and went out of Egypt for six hundred shekels of silver, and an horse for an hundred and fifty: and so for all the kings of the Hittites, and for the kings of Syria, did they bring them out by their means.	
1 Kings 10:5	And the meat of his table, and the sitting of his servants, and the attendance of his ministers, and their apparel, and his cupbearers, and his ascent by which he went up unto the house of the LORD; there was no more spirit in her.	
1 Kings 10:8	Happy are thy men, happy are these thy servants, which stand continually before thee, and that hear thy wisdom.	
1 Kings 11:11	Wherefore the LORD said unto Solomon, Forasmuch as this is done of thee, and thou hast not kept my covenant and my statutes, which I have commanded thee, I will surely rend the kingdom from thee, and will give it to thy servant.	
1 Kings 11:12	Notwithstanding in thy days I will not do it for David thy father's sake: but I will rend it out of the hand of thy son.	
1 Kings 11:17	That Hadad fled, he and certain Edomites of his father's servants with him, to go into Egypt; Hadad being yet a little child.	
1 Kings 11:19	And Hadad found great favor in the sight of Pharaoh, so that he gave him to wife the sister of his own wife, the sister of Tahpenes the queen.	
1 Kings 11:28	And the man Jeroboam was a mighty man of valor: and Solomon seeing the young man that he was industrious, he made him ruler over all the charge of the house of Joseph.	
1 Kings 11:31	And he said to Jeroboam, Take thee ten pieces: for thus saith the LORD, the God of Israel, Behold, I will rend the kingdom out of the hand of Solomon, and will give ten tribes to thee:	
1 Kings 11:38	And it shall be, if thou wilt hearken unto all that I command thee, and wilt walk in my ways, and do that is right in my sight, to keep my statutes and my commandments, as David my servant did; that I will be with thee, and build thee a sure house, as I built for David, and will give Israel unto thee.	
1 Kings 11:4	For it came to pass, when Solomon was old, that his wives turned away his heart after other gods: and his heart was not perfect with the LORD his God, as was the heart of David his father.	
1 Kings 11:42	And the time that Solomon reigned in Jerusalem over all Israel was forty years.	
1 Kings 11:8	And likewise did he for all his strange wives, which burnt incense and sacrificed unto their gods.	
1 Kings 12:10	And the young men that were grown up with him spake unto him, saying, Thus shalt thou speak unto this people that spake unto thee, saying, Thy father made our yoke heavy, but make thou it lighter unto us; thus shalt thou say unto them, My little finger shall be thicker than my father's loins.	
1 Kings 12:2	And it came to pass, when Jeroboam the son of Nebat, who was yet in Egypt, heard of it, (for he was fled from the presence of king Solomon, and Jeroboam dwelt in Egypt;)	
1 Kings 12:24	Thus saith the LORD, Ye shall not go up, nor fight against your brethren the children of Israel: return every man to his house; for this thing is from me. They hearkened therefore to the word of the LORD, and returned to depart, according to the word of the LORD.	
1 Kings 12:26	And Jeroboam said in his heart, Now shall the kingdom return to the house of David:	
1 Kings 12:29	And he set the one in Bethel, and the other put he in Dan.	
1 Kings 12:30	And this thing became a sin: for the people went to worship before the one, even unto Dan.	
1 Kings 12:32	And Jeroboam ordained a feast in the eighth month, on the fifteenth day of the month, like unto the feast that is in Judah, and he offered upon the altar. So did he in Bethel, sacrificing unto the calves that he had made: and he placed in Bethel the priests of the high places which he had made.	
1 Kings 12:7	And they spake unto him, saying, If thou wilt be a servant unto this people this day, and wilt serve them, and answer them, and speak good words to them, then they will be thy servants for ever.	
1 Kings 13:1	And, behold, there came a man of God out of Judah by the word of the LORD unto Bethel: and Jeroboam stood by the altar to burn incense.	
1 Kings 13:14	And went after the man of God, and found him sitting under an oak: and he said unto him, Art thou the man of God that camest from Judah? And he said, I am.	
1 Kings 13:25	And, behold, men passed by, and saw the carcass cast in the way, and the lion standing by the carcass: and they came and told it in the city where the old prophet dwelt.	
1 Kings 13:26	And when the prophet that brought him back from the way heard thereof, he said, It is the man of God, who was disobedient unto the word of the LORD: therefore the LORD hath delivered him unto the lion, which hath torn him, and slain him, according to the word of the LORD, which he spake unto him.	
1 Kings 13:4	And it came to pass, when king Jeroboam heard the saying of the man of God, which had cried against the altar in Bethel, that he put forth his hand from the altar, saying, Lay hold on him. And his hand, which he put forth against him, dried up, so that he could not pull it in again to him.	
1 Kings 13:5	The altar also was rent, and the ashes poured out from the altar, according to the sign which the man of God had given by the word of the LORD.	
1 Kings 13:7	And the king said unto the man of God, Come home with me, and refresh thyself, and I will give thee a reward.	
1 Kings 13:9	For so was it charged me by the word of the LORD, saying, Eat no bread, nor drink water, nor turn again by the same way that thou camest.	
1 Kings 14:18	And they buried him; and all Israel mourned for him, according to the word of the LORD, which he spake by the hand of his servant Ahijah the prophet.	
1 Kings 14:2	And Jeroboam said to his wife, Arise, I pray thee, and disguise thyself, that thou be not known to be the wife of Jeroboam; and get thee to Shiloh: behold, there is Ahijah the prophet, which told me that I should be king over this people.	
1 Kings 14:28	And it was so, when the king went into the house of the LORD, that the guard bare them, and brought them back into the guard chamber.	
1 Kings 14:29	Now the rest of the acts of Rehoboam, and all that he did, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?	
1 Kings 14:31	And Rehoboam slept with his fathers, and was buried with his fathers in the city of David. And his mother's name was Naamah an Ammonitess. And Abijam his son reigned in his stead.	
1 Kings 14:9	But hast done evil above all that were before thee: for thou hast gone and made thee other gods, and molten images, to provoke me to anger, and hast cast me behind thy back:	
1 Kings 15:1	Now in the eighteenth year of king Jeroboam the son of Nebat reigned Abijam over Judah.	
1 Kings 15:14	But the high places were not removed: nevertheless Asa's heart was perfect with the LORD all his days.	
1 Kings 15:18	Then Asa took all the silver and the gold that were left in the treasures of the house of the LORD, and the treasures of the king's house, and delivered them into the hand of his servants: and king Asa sent them to Benhadad, the son of Tabrimon, the son of Hezion, king of Syria, that dwelt at Damascus, saying,	
1 Kings 15:21	And it came to pass, when Baasha heard thereof, that he left off building of Ramah, and dwelt in Tirzah.	
1 Kings 15:22	Then king Asa made a proclamation throughout all Judah; none was exempted: and they took away the stones of Ramah, and the timber thereof, wherewith Baasha had builded; and king Asa built with them Geba of Benjamin, and Mizpah.	
1 Kings 15:26	And he did evil in the sight of the LORD, and walked in the way of his father, and in his sin wherewith he made Israel to sin.	
1 Kings 15:34	And he did evil in the sight of the LORD, and walked in the way of Jeroboam, and in his sin wherewith he made Israel to sin.	
1 Kings 15:7	Now the rest of the acts of Abijam, and all that he did, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah? And there was war between Abijam and Jeroboam.	
1 Kings 15:9	And in the twentieth year of Jeroboam king of Israel reigned Asa over Judah.	
1 Kings 16:11	And it came to pass, when he began to reign, as soon as he sat on his throne, that he slew all the house of Baasha: he left him not one that pisseth against a wall, neither of his kinsfolk, nor of his friends.	
1 Kings 16:25	But Omri wrought evil in the eyes of the LORD, and did worse than all that were before him.	
1 Kings 16:26	For he walked in all the way of Jeroboam the son of Nebat, and in his sin wherewith he made Israel to sin, to provoke the LORD God of Israel to anger with their vanities.	
1 Kings 16:28	So Omri slept with his fathers, and was buried in Samaria: and Ahab his son reigned in his stead.	
1 Kings 16:30	And Ahab the son of Omri did evil in the sight of the LORD above all that were before him.	
1 Kings 16:7	And also by the hand of the prophet Jehu the son of Hanani came the word of the LORD against Baasha, and against his house, even for all the evil that he did in the sight of the LORD, in provoking him to anger with the work of his hands, in being like the house of Jeroboam; and because he killed him.	
1 Kings 16:8	In the twenty and sixth year of Asa king of Judah began Elah the son of Baasha to reign over Israel in Tirzah, two years.	
1 Kings 17:1	And Elijah the Tishbite, who was of the inhabitants of Gilead, said unto Ahab, As the LORD God of Israel liveth, before whom I stand, there shall not be dew nor rain these years, but according to my word.	
1 Kings 17:17	And it came to pass after these things, that the son of the woman, the mistress of the house, fell sick; and his sickness was so sore, that there was no breath left in him.	
1 Kings 17:20	And he cried unto the LORD, and said, O LORD my God, hast thou also brought evil upon the widow with whom I sojourn, by slaying her son?	
1 Kings 17:24	And the woman said to Elijah, Now by this I know that thou art a man of God, and that the word of the LORD in thy mouth is truth.	
1 Kings 17:8	And the word of the LORD came unto him, saying,	
1 Kings 17:9	Arise, get thee to Zarephath, which belongeth to Zidon, and dwell there: behold, I have commanded a widow woman there to sustain thee.	
1 Kings 18:17	And it came to pass, when Ahab saw Elijah, that Ahab said unto him, Art thou he that troubleth Israel?	
1 Kings 18:2	And Elijah went to show himself unto Ahab. And there was a sore famine in Samaria.	
1 Kings 18:33	And he put the wood in order, and cut the bullock in pieces, and laid him on the wood, and said, Fill four barrels with water, and pour it on the burnt sacrifice, and on the wood.	
1 Kings 18:34	And he said, Do it the second time. And they did it the second time. And he said, Do it the third time. And they did it the third time.	
1 Kings 18:37	Hear me, O LORD, hear me, that this people may know that thou art the LORD God, and that thou hast turned their heart back again.	
1 Kings 18:42	So Ahab went up to eat and to drink. And Elijah went up to the top of Carmel; and he cast himself down upon the earth, and put his face between his knees,	
1 Kings 18:45	And it came to pass in the mean while, that the heaven was black with clouds and wind, and there was a great rain. And Ahab rode, and went to Jezreel.	
1 Kings 18:6	So they divided the land between them to pass throughout it: Ahab went one way by himself, and Obadiah went another way by himself.	
1 Kings 19:1	And Ahab told Jezebel all that Elijah had done, and withal how he had slain all the prophets with the sword.	
1 Kings 19:10	And he said, I have been very jealous for the LORD God of hosts: for the children of Israel have forsaken thy covenant, thrown down thine altars, and slain thy prophets with the sword; and I, even I only, am left; and they seek my life, to take it away.	
1 Kings 19:19	So he departed thence, and found Elisha the son of Shaphat, who was plowing with twelve yoke of oxen before him, and he with the twelfth: and Elijah passed by him, and cast his mantle upon him.	
1 Kings 19:3	And when he saw that, he arose, and went for his life, and came to Beersheba, which belongeth to Judah, and left his servant there.	
1 Kings 19:6	And he looked, and, behold, there was a cake baken on the coals, and a cruse of water at his head. And he did eat and drink, and laid him down again.	
1 Kings 1:11	Wherefore Nathan spake unto Bathsheba the mother of Solomon, saying, Hast thou not heard that Adonijah the son of Haggith doth reign, and David our lord knoweth it not?	
1 Kings 1:15	And Bathsheba went in unto the king into the chamber: and the king was very old; and Abishag the Shunammite ministered unto the king.	
1 Kings 1:25	For he is gone down this day, and hath slain oxen and fat cattle and sheep in abundance, and hath called all the king's sons, and the captains of the host, and Abiathar the priest; and, behold, they eat and drink before him, and say, God save king Adonijah.	
1 Kings 1:26	But me, even me thy servant, and Zadok the priest, and Benaiah the son of Jehoiada, and thy servant Solomon, hath he not called.	
1 Kings 1:32	And king David said, Call me Zadok the priest, and Nathan the prophet, and Benaiah the son of Jehoiada. And they came before the king.	
1 Kings 1:37	As the LORD hath been with my lord the king, even so be he with Solomon, and make his throne greater than the throne of my lord king David.	
1 Kings 1:38	So Zadok the priest, and Nathan the prophet, and Benaiah the son of Jehoiada, and the Cherethites, and the Pelethites, went down, and caused Solomon to ride upon king David's mule, and brought him to Gihon.	
1 Kings 1:4	And the damsel was very fair, and cherished the king, and ministered to him: but the king knew her not.	
1 Kings 1:41	And Adonijah and all the guests that were with him heard it as they had made an end of eating. And when Joab heard the sound of the trumpet, he said, Wherefore is this noise of the city being in an uproar?	
1 Kings 1:48	And also thus said the king, Blessed be the LORD God of Israel, which hath given one to sit on my throne this day, mine eyes even seeing it.	
1 Kings 1:5	Then Adonijah the son of Haggith exalted himself, saying, I will be king: and he prepared him chariots and horsemen, and fifty men to run before him.	
1 Kings 1:50	And Adonijah feared because of Solomon, and arose, and went, and caught hold on the horns of the altar.	
1 Kings 20:11	And the king of Israel answered and said, Tell him, Let not him that girdeth on his harness boast himself as he that putteth it off.	
1 Kings 20:13	And, behold, there came a prophet unto Ahab king of Israel, saying, Thus saith the LORD, Hast thou seen all this great multitude? behold, I will deliver it into thine hand this day; and thou shalt know that I am the LORD.	
1 Kings 20:18	And he said, Whether they be come out for peace, take them alive; or whether they be come out for war, take them alive.	
1 Kings 20:36	Then said he unto him, Because thou hast not obeyed the voice of the LORD, behold, as soon as thou art departed from me, a lion shall slay thee. And as soon as he was departed from him, a lion found him, and slew him.	
1 Kings 20:4	And the king of Israel answered and said, My lord, O king, according to thy saying, I am thine, and all that I have.	
1 Kings 20:7	Then the king of Israel called all the elders of the land, and said, Mark, I pray you, and see how this man seeketh mischief: for he sent unto me for my wives, and for my children, and for my silver, and for my gold; and I denied him not.	
1 Kings 21:14	Then they sent to Jezebel, saying, Naboth is stoned, and is dead.	
1 Kings 21:15	And it came to pass, when Jezebel heard that Naboth was stoned, and was dead, that Jezebel said to Ahab, Arise, take possession of the vineyard of Naboth the Jezreelite, which he refused to give thee for money: for Naboth is not alive, but dead.	
1 Kings 21:17	And the word of the LORD came to Elijah the Tishbite, saying,	
1 Kings 21:23	And of Jezebel also spake the LORD, saying, The dogs shall eat Jezebel by the wall of Jezreel.	
1 Kings 21:26	And he did very abominably in following idols, according to all things as did the Amorites, whom the LORD cast out before the children of Israel.	
1 Kings 21:28	And the word of the LORD came to Elijah the Tishbite, saying,	
1 Kings 21:29	Seest thou how Ahab humbleth himself before me? because he humbleth himself before me, I will not bring the evil in his days: but in his son's days will I bring the evil upon his house.	
1 Kings 22:11	And Zedekiah the son of Chenaanah made him horns of iron: and he said, Thus saith the LORD, With these shalt thou push the Syrians, until thou have consumed them.	
1 Kings 22:20	And the LORD said, Who shall persuade Ahab, that he may go up and fall at Ramothgilead? And one said on this manner, and another said on that manner.	
1 Kings 22:27	And say, Thus saith the king, Put this fellow in the prison, and feed him with bread of affliction and with water of affliction, until I come in peace.	
1 Kings 22:29	So the king of Israel and Jehoshaphat the king of Judah went up to Ramothgilead.	
1 Kings 22:31	But the king of Syria commanded his thirty and two captains that had rule over his chariots, saying, Fight neither with small nor great, save only with the king of Israel.	
1 Kings 22:33	And it came to pass, when the captains of the chariots perceived that it was not the king of Israel, that they turned back from pursuing him.	
1 Kings 22:37	So the king died, and was brought to Samaria; and they buried the king in Samaria.	
1 Kings 22:42	Jehoshaphat was thirty and five years old when he began to reign; and he reigned twenty and five years in Jerusalem. And his mother's name was Azubah the daughter of Shilhi.	
1 Kings 22:44	And Jehoshaphat made peace with the king of Israel.	
1 Kings 22:48	Jehoshaphat made ships of Tharshish to go to Ophir for gold: but they went not; for the ships were broken at Eziongeber.	
1 Kings 22:51	Ahaziah the son of Ahab began to reign over Israel in Samaria the seventeenth year of Jehoshaphat king of Judah, and reigned two years over Israel.	
1 Kings 2:1	Now the days of David drew nigh that he should die; and he charged Solomon his son, saying,	
1 Kings 2:11	And the days that David reigned over Israel were forty years: seven years reigned he in Hebron, and thirty and three years reigned he in Jerusalem.	
1 Kings 2:16	And now I ask one petition of thee, deny me not. And she said unto him, Say on.	
1 Kings 2:18	And Bathsheba said, Well; I will speak for thee unto the king.	
1 Kings 2:27	So Solomon thrust out Abiathar from being priest unto the LORD; that he might fulfil the word of the LORD, which he spake concerning the house of Eli in Shiloh.	
1 Kings 2:32	And the LORD shall return his blood upon his own head, who fell upon two men more righteous and better than he, and slew them with the sword, my father David not knowing thereof, to wit, Abner the son of Ner, captain of the host of Israel, and Amasa the son of Jether, captain of the host of Judah.	
1 Kings 2:33	Their blood shall therefore return upon the head of Joab, and upon the head of his seed for ever: but upon David, and upon his seed, and upon his house, and upon his throne, shall there be peace for ever from the LORD.	
1 Kings 2:34	So Benaiah the son of Jehoiada went up, and fell upon him, and slew him: and he was buried in his own house in the wilderness.	
1 Kings 2:37	For it shall be, that on the day thou goest out, and passest over the brook Kidron, thou shalt know for certain that thou shalt surely die: thy blood shall be upon thine own head.	
1 Kings 2:5	Moreover thou knowest also what Joab the son of Zeruiah did to me, and what he did to the two captains of the hosts of Israel, unto Abner the son of Ner, and unto Amasa the son of Jether, whom he slew, and shed the blood of war in peace, and put the blood of war upon his girdle that was about his loins, and in his shoes that were on his feet.	
1 Kings 2:9	Now therefore hold him not guiltless: for thou art a wise man, and knowest what thou oughtest to do unto him; but his hoar head bring thou down to the grave with blood.	
1 Kings 3:14	And if thou wilt walk in my ways, to keep my statutes and my commandments, as thy father David did walk, then I will lengthen thy days.	
1 Kings 3:15	And Solomon awoke; and, behold, it was a dream. And he came to Jerusalem, and stood before the ark of the covenant of the LORD, and offered up burnt offerings, and offered peace offerings, and made a feast to all his servants.	
1 Kings 3:19	And this woman's child died in the night; because she overlaid it.	
1 Kings 3:2	Only the people sacrificed in high places, because there was no house built unto the name of the LORD, until those days.	
1 Kings 3:22	And the other woman said, Nay; but the living is my son, and the dead is thy son. And this said, No; but the dead is thy son, and the living is my son. Thus they spake before the king.	
1 Kings 3:23	Then said the king, The one saith, This is my son that liveth, and thy son is the dead: and the other saith, Nay; but thy son is the dead, and my son is the living.	
1 Kings 3:24	And the king said, Bring me a sword. And they brought a sword before the king.	
1 Kings 3:26	Then spake the woman whose the living child was unto the king, for her bowels yearned upon her son, and she said, O my lord, give her the living child, and in no wise slay it. But the other said, Let it be neither mine nor thine, but divide it.	
1 Kings 3:7	And now, O LORD my God, thou hast made thy servant king instead of David my father: and I am but a little child: I know not how to go out or come in.	
1 Kings 3:8	And thy servant is in the midst of thy people which thou hast chosen, a great people, that cannot be numbered nor counted for multitude.	
1 Kings 3:9	Give therefore thy servant an understanding heart to judge thy people, that I may discern between good and bad: for who is able to judge this thy so great a people?	
1 Kings 4:1	So king Solomon was king over all Israel.	
1 Kings 4:12	Baana the son of Ahilud; to him pertained Taanach and Megiddo, and all Bethshean, which is by Zartanah beneath Jezreel, from Bethshean to Abelmeholah, even unto the place that is beyond Jokneam:	
1 Kings 4:14	Ahinadab the son of Iddo had Mahanaim:	
1 Kings 4:26	And Solomon had forty thousand stalls of horses for his chariots, and twelve thousand horsemen.	
1 Kings 4:33	And he spake of trees, from the cedar tree that is in Lebanon even unto the hyssop that springeth out of the wall: he spake also of beasts, and of fowl, and of creeping things, and of fishes.	
1 Kings 4:5	And Azariah the son of Nathan was over the officers: and Zabud the son of Nathan was principal officer, and the king's friend:	
1 Kings 5:12	And the LORD gave Solomon wisdom, as he promised him: and there was peace between Hiram and Solomon; and they two made a league together.	
1 Kings 5:15	And Solomon had threescore and ten thousand that bare burdens, and fourscore thousand hewers in the mountains;	
1 Kings 5:17	And the king commanded, and they brought great stones, costly stones, and hewed stones, to lay the foundation of the house.	
1 Kings 5:4	But now the LORD my God hath given me rest on every side, so that there is neither adversary nor evil occurrent.	
1 Kings 5:6	Now therefore command thou that they hew me cedar trees out of Lebanon; and my servants shall be with thy servants: and unto thee will I give hire for thy servants according to all that thou shalt appoint: for thou knowest that there is not among us any that can skill to hew timber like unto the Sidonians.	
1 Kings 5:9	My servants shall bring them down from Lebanon unto the sea: and I will convey them by sea in floats unto the place that thou shalt appoint me, and will cause them to be discharged there, and thou shalt receive them: and thou shalt accomplish my desire, in giving food for my household.	
1 Kings 6:11	And the word of the LORD came to Solomon, saying,	
1 Kings 6:12	Concerning this house which thou art in building, if thou wilt walk in my statutes, and execute my judgments, and keep all my commandments to walk in them; then will I perform my word with thee, which I spake unto David thy father:	
1 Kings 6:24	And five cubits was the one wing of the cherub, and five cubits the other wing of the cherub: from the uttermost part of the one wing unto the uttermost part of the other were ten cubits.	
1 Kings 6:34	And the two doors were of fir tree: the two leaves of the one door were folding, and the two leaves of the other door were folding.	
1 Kings 6:35	And he carved thereon cherubim and palm trees and open flowers: and covered them with gold fitted upon the carved work.	
1 Kings 6:37	In the fourth year was the foundation of the house of the LORD laid, in the month Zif:	
1 Kings 6:8	The door for the middle chamber was in the right side of the house: and they went up with winding stairs into the middle chamber, and out of the middle into the third.	
1 Kings 7:13	And king Solomon sent and fetched Hiram out of Tyre.	
1 Kings 7:15	For he cast two pillars of brass, of eighteen cubits high apiece: and a line of twelve cubits did compass either of them about.	
1 Kings 7:28	And the work of the bases was on this manner: they had borders, and the borders were between the ledges:	
1 Kings 7:29	And on the borders that were between the ledges were lions, oxen, and cherubim: and upon the ledges there was a base above: and beneath the lions and oxen were certain additions made of thin work.	
1 Kings 7:30	And every base had four brazen wheels, and plates of brass: and the four corners thereof had undersetters: under the laver were undersetters molten, at the side of every addition.	
1 Kings 7:32	And under the borders were four wheels; and the axletrees of the wheels were joined to the base: and the height of a wheel was a cubit and half a cubit.	
1 Kings 7:33	And the work of the wheels was like the work of a chariot wheel: their axletrees, and their naves, and their felloes, and their spokes, were all molten.	
1 Kings 7:42	And four hundred pomegranates for the two networks, even two rows of pomegranates for one network, to cover the two bowls of the chapiters that were upon the pillars;	
1 Kings 7:45	And the pots, and the shovels, and the basins: and all these vessels, which Hiram made to king Solomon for the house of the LORD, were of bright brass.	
1 Kings 7:46	In the plain of Jordan did the king cast them, in the clay ground between Succoth and Zarthan.	
1 Kings 7:47	And Solomon left all the vessels unweighed, because they were exceeding many: neither was the weight of the brass found out.	
1 Kings 7:49	And the candlesticks of pure gold, five on the right side, and five on the left, before the oracle, with the flowers, and the lamps, and the tongs of gold,	
1 Kings 7:50	And the bowls, and the snuffers, and the basins, and the spoons, and the censers of pure gold; and the hinges of gold, both for the doors of the inner house, the most holy place, and for the doors of the house, to wit, of the temple.	
1 Kings 7:9	All these were of costly stones, according to the measures of hewed stones, sawed with saws, within and without, even from the foundation unto the coping, and so on the outside toward the great court.	
1 Kings 8:32	Then hear thou in heaven, and do, and judge thy servants, condemning the wicked, to bring his way upon his head; and justifying the righteous, to give him according to his righteousness.	
1 Kings 8:34	Then hear thou in heaven, and forgive the sin of thy people Israel, and bring them again unto the land which thou gavest unto their fathers.	
1 Kings 8:37	If there be in the land famine, if there be pestilence, blasting, mildew, locust, or if there be caterpillar; if their enemy besiege them in the land of their cities; whatsoever plague, whatsoever sickness there be;	
1 Kings 8:39	Then hear thou in heaven thy dwelling place, and forgive, and do, and give to every man according to his ways, whose heart thou knowest; (for thou, even thou only, knowest the hearts of all the children of men;)	
1 Kings 8:43	Hear thou in heaven thy dwelling place, and do according to all that the stranger calleth to thee for: that all people of the earth may know thy name, to fear thee, as do thy people Israel; and that they may know that this house, which I have builded, is called by thy name.	
1 Kings 8:45	Then hear thou in heaven their prayer and their supplication, and maintain their cause.	
1 Kings 8:48	And so return unto thee with all their heart, and with all their soul, in the land of their enemies, which led them away captive, and pray unto thee toward their land, which thou gavest unto their fathers, the city which thou hast chosen, and the house which I have built for thy name:	
1 Kings 8:49	Then hear thou their prayer and their supplication in heaven thy dwelling place, and maintain their cause,	
1 Kings 8:52	That thine eyes may be open unto the supplication of thy servant, and unto the supplication of thy people Israel, to hearken unto them in all that they call for unto thee.	
1 Kings 8:59	And let these my words, wherewith I have made supplication before the LORD, be nigh unto the LORD our God day and night, that he maintain the cause of his servant, and the cause of his people Israel at all times, as the matter shall require:	
1 Kings 8:60	That all the people of the earth may know that the LORD is God, and that there is none else.	
1 Kings 8:63	And Solomon offered a sacrifice of peace offerings, which he offered unto the LORD, two and twenty thousand oxen, and an hundred and twenty thousand sheep. So the king and all the children of Israel dedicated the house of the LORD.	
1 Kings 8:64	The same day did the king hallow the middle of the court that was before the house of the LORD: for there he offered burnt offerings, and meat offerings, and the fat of the peace offerings: because the brazen altar that was before the LORD was too little to receive the burnt offerings, and meat offerings, and the fat of the peace offerings.	
1 Kings 8:8	And they drew out the staves, that the ends of the staves were seen out in the holy place before the oracle, and they were not seen without: and there they are unto this day.	
1 Kings 9:13	And he said, What cities are these which thou hast given me, my brother? And he called them the land of Cabul unto this day.	
1 Kings 9:19	And all the cities of store that Solomon had, and cities for his chariots, and cities for his horsemen, and that which Solomon desired to build in Jerusalem, and in Lebanon, and in all the land of his dominion.	
1 Kings 9:24	But Pharaoh's daughter came up out of the city of David unto her house which Solomon had built for her: then did he build Millo.	
1 Kings 9:26	And king Solomon made a navy of ships in Eziongeber, which is beside Eloth, on the shore of the Red sea, in the land of Edom.	
1 Kings 9:6	But if ye shall at all turn from following me, ye or your children, and will not keep my commandments and my statutes which I have set before you, but go and serve other gods, and worship them:	
1 Kings 9:7	Then will I cut off Israel out of the land which I have given them; and this house, which I have hallowed for my name, will I cast out of my sight; and Israel shall be a proverb and a byword among all people:	
1 Peter 1:12	Unto whom it was revealed, that not unto themselves, but unto us they did minister the things, which are now reported unto you by them that have preached the gospel unto you with the Holy Ghost sent down from heaven; which things the angels desire to look into.	
1 Peter 1:15	But as he which hath called you is holy, so be ye holy in all manner of conversation;	
1 Peter 1:17	And if ye call on the Father, who without respect of persons judgeth according to every man's work, pass the time of your sojourning here in fear:	
1 Peter 1:21	Who by him do believe in God, that raised him up from the dead, and gave him glory; that your faith and hope might be in God.	
1 Peter 1:22	Seeing ye have purified your souls in obeying the truth through the Spirit unto unfeigned love of the brethren, see that ye love one another with a pure heart fervently:	
1 Peter 1:24	For all flesh is as grass, and all the glory of man as the flower of grass. The grass withereth, and the flower thereof falleth away:	
1 Peter 1:5	Who are kept by the power of God through faith unto salvation ready to be revealed in the last time.	
1 Peter 1:6	Wherein ye greatly rejoice, though now for a season, if need be, ye are in heaviness through manifold temptations:	
1 Peter 1:7	That the trial of your faith, being much more precious than of gold that perisheth, though it be tried with fire, might be found unto praise and honour and glory at the appearing of Jesus Christ:	
1 Peter 1:8	Whom having not seen, ye love; in whom, though now ye see him not, yet believing, ye rejoice with joy unspeakable and full of glory:	
1 Peter 2:1	Wherefore laying aside all malice, and all guile, and hypocrisies, and envies, all evil speakings,	
1 Peter 2:12	Having your conversation honest among the Gentiles: that, whereas they speak against you as evildoers, they may by your good works, which they shall behold, glorify God in the day of visitation.	
1 Peter 2:13	Submit yourselves to every ordinance of man for the Lord's sake: whether it be to the king, as supreme;	
1 Peter 2:16	As free, and not using your liberty for a cloke of maliciousness, but as the servants of God.	
1 Peter 2:18	Servants, be subject to your masters with all fear; not only to the good and gentle, but also to the froward.	
1 Peter 2:19	For this is thankworthy, if a man for conscience toward God endure grief, suffering wrongfully.	
1 Peter 2:21	For even hereunto were ye called: because Christ also suffered for us, leaving us an example, that ye should follow his steps:	
1 Peter 2:3	If so be ye have tasted that the Lord is gracious.	
1 Peter 2:5	Ye also, as lively stones, are built up a spiritual house, an holy priesthood, to offer up spiritual sacrifices, acceptable to God by Jesus Christ.	
1 Peter 2:6	Wherefore also it is contained in the scripture, Behold, I lay in Sion a chief corner stone, elect, precious: and he that believeth on him shall not be confounded.	
1 Peter 3:11	Let him eschew evil, and do good; let him seek peace, and ensue it.	
1 Peter 3:14	But and if ye suffer for righteousness' sake, happy are ye: and be not afraid of their terror, neither be troubled;	
1 Peter 3:17	For it is better, if the will of God be so, that ye suffer for well doing, than for evil doing.	
1 Peter 3:2	While they behold your chaste conversation coupled with fear.	
1 Peter 3:20	Which sometime were disobedient, when once the longsuffering of God waited in the days of Noah, while the ark was a preparing, wherein few, that is, eight souls were saved by water.	
1 Peter 3:3	Whose adorning let it not be that outward adorning of plaiting the hair, and of wearing of gold, or of putting on of apparel;	
1 Peter 3:6	Even as Sara obeyed Abraham, calling him lord: whose daughters ye are, as long as ye do well, and are not afraid with any amazement.	
1 Peter 4:4	Wherein they think it strange that ye run not with them to the same excess of riot, speaking evil of you:	
1 Peter 4:5	Who shall give account to him that is ready to judge the quick and the dead.	
1 Peter 4:6	For for this cause was the gospel preached also to them that are dead, that they might be judged according to men in the flesh, but live according to God in the spirit.	
1 Peter 4:7	But the end of all things is at hand: be ye therefore sober, and watch unto prayer.	
1 Peter 5:3	Neither as being lords over God's heritage, but being ensamples to the flock.	
1 Peter 5:8	Be sober, be vigilant; because your adversary the devil, as a roaring lion, walketh about, seeking whom he may devour:	
1 Samuel 10:12	And one of the same place answered and said, But who is their father? Therefore it became a proverb, Is Saul also among the prophets?	
1 Samuel 10:14	And Saul's uncle said unto him and to his servant, Whither went ye? And he said, To seek the asses: and when we saw that they were no where, we came to Samuel.	
1 Samuel 10:26	And Saul also went home to Gibeah; and there went with him a band of men, whose hearts God had touched.	
1 Samuel 10:3	Then shalt thou go on forward from thence, and thou shalt come to the plain of Tabor, and there shall meet thee three men going up to God to Bethel, one carrying three kids, and another carrying three loaves of bread, and another carrying a bottle of wine:	
1 Samuel 10:7	And let it be, when these signs are come unto thee, that thou do as occasion serve thee; for God is with thee.	
1 Samuel 11:12	And the people said unto Samuel, Who is he that said, Shall Saul reign over us? bring the men, that we may put them to death.	
1 Samuel 11:6	And the Spirit of God came upon Saul when he heard those tidings, and his anger was kindled greatly.	
1 Samuel 12:18	So Samuel called unto the LORD; and the LORD sent thunder and rain that day: and all the people greatly feared the LORD and Samuel.	
1 Samuel 12:23	Moreover as for me, God forbid that I should sin against the LORD in ceasing to pray for you: but I will teach you the good and the right way:	
1 Samuel 12:4	And they said, Thou hast not defrauded us, nor oppressed us, neither hast thou taken ought of any man's hand.	
1 Samuel 12:5	And he said unto them, The LORD is witness against you, and his anointed is witness this day, that ye have not found ought in my hand. And they answered, He is witness.	
1 Samuel 12:8	When Jacob was come into Egypt, and your fathers cried unto the LORD, then the LORD sent Moses and Aaron, which brought forth your fathers out of Egypt, and made them dwell in this place.	
1 Samuel 13:1	Saul reigned one year; and when he had reigned two years over Israel,	
1 Samuel 13:15	And Samuel arose, and gat him up from Gilgal unto Gibeah of Benjamin. And Saul numbered the people that were present with him, about six hundred men.	
1 Samuel 13:18	And another company turned the way to Bethhoron: and another company turned to the way of the border that looketh to the valley of Zeboim toward the wilderness.	
1 Samuel 13:21	Yet they had a file for the mattocks, and for the coulters, and for the forks, and for the axes, and to sharpen the goads.	
1 Samuel 13:23	And the garrison of the Philistines went out to the passage of Michmash.	
1 Samuel 13:4	And all Israel heard say that Saul had smitten a garrison of the Philistines, and that Israel also was had in abomination with the Philistines. And the people were called together after Saul to Gilgal.	
1 Samuel 14:1	Now it came to pass upon a day, that Jonathan the son of Saul said unto the young man that bare his armor, Come, and let us go over to the Philistines' garrison, that is on the other side. But he told not his father.	
1 Samuel 14:11	And both of them discovered themselves unto the garrison of the Philistines: and the Philistines said, Behold, the Hebrews come forth out of the holes where they had hid themselves.	
1 Samuel 14:12	And the men of the garrison answered Jonathan and his armourbearer, and said, Come up to us, and we will show you a thing. And Jonathan said unto his armourbearer, Come up after me: for the LORD hath delivered them into the hand of Israel.	
1 Samuel 14:13	And Jonathan climbed up upon his hands and upon his feet, and his armourbearer after him: and they fell before Jonathan; and his armourbearer slew after him.	
1 Samuel 14:14	And that first slaughter, which Jonathan and his armourbearer made, was about twenty men, within as it were an half acre of land, which a yoke of oxen might plow.	
1 Samuel 14:15	And there was trembling in the host, in the field, and among all the people: the garrison, and the spoilers, they also trembled, and the earth quaked: so it was a very great trembling.	
1 Samuel 14:16	And the watchmen of Saul in Gibeah of Benjamin looked; and, behold, the multitude melted away, and they went on beating down one another.	
1 Samuel 14:22	Likewise all the men of Israel which had hid themselves in mount Ephraim, when they heard that the Philistines fled, even they also followed hard after them in the battle.	
1 Samuel 14:26	And when the people were come into the wood, behold, the honey dropped; but no man put his hand to his mouth: for the people feared the oath.	
1 Samuel 14:28	Then answered one of the people, and said, Thy father straitly charged the people with an oath, saying, Cursed be the man that eateth any food this day. And the people were faint.	
1 Samuel 14:3	And Ahiah, the son of Ahitub, Ichabod's brother, the son of Phinehas, the son of Eli, the LORD's priest in Shiloh, wearing an ephod. And the people knew not that Jonathan was gone.	
1 Samuel 14:30	How much more, if haply the people had eaten freely to day of the spoil of their enemies which they found? for had there not been now a much greater slaughter among the Philistines?	
1 Samuel 14:31	And they smote the Philistines that day from Michmash to Aijalon: and the people were very faint.	
1 Samuel 14:35	And Saul built an altar unto the LORD: the same was the first altar that he built unto the LORD.	
1 Samuel 14:39	For, as the LORD liveth, which saveth Israel, though it be in Jonathan my son, he shall surely die. But there was not a man among all the people that answered him.	
1 Samuel 14:4	And between the passages, by which Jonathan sought to go over unto the Philistines' garrison, there was a sharp rock on the one side, and a sharp rock on the other side: and the name of the one was Bozez, and the name of the other Seneh.	
1 Samuel 14:43	Then Saul said to Jonathan, Tell me what thou hast done. And Jonathan told him, and said, I did but taste a little honey with the end of the rod that was in mine hand, and, lo, I must die.	
1 Samuel 14:50	And the name of Saul's wife was Ahinoam, the daughter of Ahimaaz: and the name of the captain of his host was Abner, the son of Ner, Saul's uncle.	
1 Samuel 14:6	And Jonathan said to the young man that bare his armor, Come, and let us go over unto the garrison of these uncircumcised: it may be that the LORD will work for us: for there is no restraint to the LORD to save by many or by few.	
1 Samuel 15:16	Then Samuel said unto Saul, Stay, and I will tell thee what the LORD hath said to me this night. And he said unto him, Say on.	
1 Samuel 15:17	And Samuel said, When thou wast little in thine own sight, wast thou not made the head of the tribes of Israel, and the LORD anointed thee king over Israel?	
1 Samuel 15:20	And Saul said unto Samuel, Yea, I have obeyed the voice of the LORD, and have gone the way which the LORD sent me, and have brought Agag the king of Amalek, and have utterly destroyed the Amalekites.	
1 Samuel 15:25	Now therefore, I pray thee, pardon my sin, and turn again with me, that I may worship the LORD.	
1 Samuel 15:33	And Samuel said, As the sword hath made women childless, so shall thy mother be childless among women. And Samuel hewed Agag in pieces before the LORD in Gilgal.	
1 Samuel 15:34	Then Samuel went to Ramah; and Saul went up to his house to Gibeah of Saul.	
1 Samuel 15:4	And Saul gathered the people together, and numbered them in Telaim, two hundred thousand footmen, and ten thousand men of Judah.	
1 Samuel 15:5	And Saul came to a city of Amalek, and laid wait in the valley.	
1 Samuel 15:6	And Saul said unto the Kenites, Go, depart, get you down from among the Amalekites, lest I destroy you with them: for ye showed kindness to all the children of Israel, when they came up out of Egypt. So the Kenites departed from among the Amalekites.	
1 Samuel 15:8	And he took Agag the king of the Amalekites alive, and utterly destroyed all the people with the edge of the sword.	
1 Samuel 16:17	And Saul said unto his servants, Provide me now a man that can play well, and bring him to me.	
1 Samuel 16:21	And David came to Saul, and stood before him: and he loved him greatly; and he became his armourbearer.	
1 Samuel 16:3	And call Jesse to the sacrifice, and I will show thee what thou shalt do: and thou shalt anoint unto me him whom I name unto thee.	
1 Samuel 16:8	Then Jesse called Abinadab, and made him pass before Samuel. And he said, Neither hath the LORD chosen this.	
1 Samuel 16:9	Then Jesse made Shammah to pass by. And he said, Neither hath the LORD chosen this.	
1 Samuel 17:16	And the Philistine drew near morning and evening, and presented himself forty days.	
1 Samuel 17:24	And all the men of Israel, when they saw the man, fled from him, and were sore afraid.	
1 Samuel 17:30	And he turned from him toward another, and spake after the same manner: and the people answered him again after the former manner.	
1 Samuel 17:31	And when the words were heard which David spake, they rehearsed them before Saul: and he sent for him.	
1 Samuel 17:34	And David said unto Saul, Thy servant kept his father's sheep, and there came a lion, and a bear, and took a lamb out of the flock:	
1 Samuel 17:35	And I went out after him, and smote him, and delivered it out of his mouth: and when he arose against me, I caught him by his beard, and smote him, and slew him.	
1 Samuel 17:40	And he took his staff in his hand, and chose him five smooth stones out of the brook, and put them in a shepherd's bag which he had, even in a scrip; and his sling was in his hand: and he drew near to the Philistine.	
1 Samuel 17:41	And the Philistine came on and drew near unto David; and the man that bare the shield went before him.	
1 Samuel 17:44	And the Philistine said to David, Come to me, and I will give thy flesh unto the fowls of the air, and to the beasts of the field.	
1 Samuel 17:56	And the king said, Inquire thou whose son the stripling is.	
1 Samuel 17:7	And the staff of his spear was like a weaver's beam; and his spear's head weighed six hundred shekels of iron: and one bearing a shield went before him.	
1 Samuel 18:10	And it came to pass on the morrow, that the evil spirit from God came upon Saul, and he prophesied in the midst of the house: and David played with his hand, as at other times: and there was a javelin in Saul's hand.	
1 Samuel 18:16	But all Israel and Judah loved David, because he went out and came in before them.	
1 Samuel 18:17	And Saul said to David, Behold my elder daughter Merab, her will I give thee to wife: only be thou valiant for me, and fight the LORD's battles. For Saul said, Let not mine hand be upon him, but let the hand of the Philistines be upon him.	
1 Samuel 18:18	And David said unto Saul, Who am I? and what is my life, or my father's family in Israel, that I should be son in law to the king?	
1 Samuel 18:24	And the servants of Saul told him, saying, On this manner spake David.	
1 Samuel 18:26	And when his servants told David these words, it pleased David well to be the king's son in law: and the days were not expired.	
1 Samuel 18:30	Then the princes of the Philistines went forth: and it came to pass, after they went forth, that David behaved himself more wisely than all the servants of Saul; so that his name was much set by.	
1 Samuel 18:4	And Jonathan stripped himself of the robe that was upon him, and gave it to David, and his garments, even to his sword, and to his bow, and to his girdle.	
1 Samuel 19:11	Saul also sent messengers unto David's house, to watch him, and to slay him in the morning: and Michal David's wife told him, saying, If thou save not thy life to night, to morrow thou shalt be slain.	
1 Samuel 19:16	And when the messengers were come in, behold, there was an image in the bed, with a pillow of goats' hair for his bolster.	
1 Samuel 19:20	And Saul sent messengers to take David: and when they saw the company of the prophets prophesying, and Samuel standing as appointed over them, the Spirit of God was upon the messengers of Saul, and they also prophesied.	
1 Samuel 19:5	For he did put his life in his hand, and slew the Philistine, and the LORD wrought a great salvation for all Israel: thou sawest it, and didst rejoice: wherefore then wilt thou sin against innocent blood, to slay David without a cause?	
1 Samuel 1:12	And it came to pass, as she continued praying before the LORD, that Eli marked her mouth.	
1 Samuel 1:21	And the man Elkanah, and all his house, went up to offer unto the LORD the yearly sacrifice, and his vow.	
1 Samuel 1:6	And her adversary also provoked her sore, for to make her fret, because the LORD had shut up her womb.	
1 Samuel 1:7	And as he did so year by year, when she went up to the house of the LORD, so she provoked her; therefore she wept, and did not eat.	
1 Samuel 20:13	The LORD do so and much more to Jonathan: but if it please my father to do thee evil, then I will show it thee, and send thee away, that thou mayest go in peace: and the LORD be with thee, as he hath been with my father.	
1 Samuel 20:17	And Jonathan caused David to swear again, because he loved him: for he loved him as he loved his own soul.	
1 Samuel 20:21	And, behold, I will send a lad, saying, Go, find out the arrows. If I expressly say unto the lad, Behold, the arrows are on this side of thee, take them; then come thou: for there is peace to thee, and no hurt; as the LORD liveth.	
1 Samuel 20:24	So David hid himself in the field: and when the new moon was come, the king sat him down to eat meat.	
1 Samuel 20:28	And Jonathan answered Saul, David earnestly asked leave of me to go to Bethlehem:	
1 Samuel 20:3	And David sware moreover, and said, Thy father certainly knoweth that I have found grace in thine eyes; and he saith, Let not Jonathan know this, lest he be grieved: but truly as the LORD liveth, and as thy soul liveth, there is but a step between me and death.	
1 Samuel 20:34	So Jonathan arose from the table in fierce anger, and did eat no meat the second day of the month: for he was grieved for David, because his father had done him shame.	
1 Samuel 20:35	And it came to pass in the morning, that Jonathan went out into the field at the time appointed with David, and a little lad with him.	
1 Samuel 20:42	And Jonathan said to David, Go in peace, forasmuch as we have sworn both of us in the name of the LORD, saying, The LORD be between me and thee, and between my seed and thy seed for ever. And he arose and departed: and Jonathan went into the city.	
1 Samuel 21:12	And David laid up these words in his heart, and was sore afraid of Achish the king of Gath.	
1 Samuel 21:3	Now therefore what is under thine hand? give me five loaves of bread in mine hand, or what there is present.	
1 Samuel 21:4	And the priest answered David, and said, There is no common bread under mine hand, but there is hallowed bread; if the young men have kept themselves at least from women.	
1 Samuel 22:17	And the king said unto the footmen that stood about him, Turn, and slay the priests of the LORD: because their hand also is with David, and because they knew when he fled, and did not show it to me. But the servants of the king would not put forth their hand to fall upon the priests of the LORD.	
1 Samuel 22:19	And Nob, the city of the priests, smote he with the edge of the sword, both men and women, children and sucklings, and oxen, and asses, and sheep, with the edge of the sword.	
1 Samuel 22:6	When Saul heard that David was discovered, and the men that were with him, (now Saul abode in Gibeah under a tree in Ramah, having his spear in his hand, and all his servants were standing about him;)	
1 Samuel 23:1	Then they told David, saying, Behold, the Philistines fight against Keilah, and they rob the threshingfloors.	
1 Samuel 23:11	Will the men of Keilah deliver me up into his hand? will Saul come down, as thy servant hath heard? O LORD God of Israel, I beseech thee, tell thy servant. And the LORD said, He will come down.	
1 Samuel 23:12	Then said David, Will the men of Keilah deliver me and my men into the hand of Saul? And the LORD said, They will deliver thee up.	
1 Samuel 23:14	And David abode in the wilderness in strong holds, and remained in a mountain in the wilderness of Ziph. And Saul sought him every day, but God delivered him not into his hand.	
1 Samuel 23:25	Saul also and his men went to seek him. And they told David; wherefore he came down into a rock, and abode in the wilderness of Maon. And when Saul heard that, he pursued after David in the wilderness of Maon.	
1 Samuel 23:28	Wherefore Saul returned from pursuing after David, and went against the Philistines: therefore they called that place Selahammahlekoth.	
1 Samuel 23:4	Then David inquired of the LORD yet again. And the LORD answered him and said, Arise, go down to Keilah; for I will deliver the Philistines into thine hand.	
1 Samuel 23:7	And it was told Saul that David was come to Keilah. And Saul said, God hath delivered him into mine hand; for he is shut in, by entering into a town that hath gates and bars.	
1 Samuel 23:9	And David knew that Saul secretly practiced mischief against him; and he said to Abiathar the priest, Bring hither the ephod.	
1 Samuel 24:22	And David sware unto Saul. And Saul went home; but David and his men gat them up unto the hold.	
1 Samuel 24:3	And he came to the sheepcotes by the way, where was a cave; and Saul went in to cover his feet: and David and his men remained in the sides of the cave.	
1 Samuel 24:5	And it came to pass afterward, that David's heart smote him, because he had cut off Saul's skirt.	
1 Samuel 24:8	David also arose afterward, and went out of the cave, and cried after Saul, saying, My lord the king. And when Saul looked behind him, David stooped with his face to the earth, and bowed himself.	
1 Samuel 25:1	And Samuel died; and all the Israelites were gathered together, and lamented him, and buried him in his house at Ramah. And David arose, and went down to the wilderness of Paran.	
1 Samuel 25:12	So David's young men turned their way, and went again, and came and told him all those sayings.	
1 Samuel 25:13	And David said unto his men, Gird ye on every man his sword. And they girded on every man his sword; and David also girded on his sword: and there went up after David about four hundred men; and two hundred abode by the stuff.	
1 Samuel 25:14	But one of the young men told Abigail, Nabal's wife, saying, Behold, David sent messengers out of the wilderness to salute our master; and he railed on them.	
1 Samuel 25:17	Now therefore know and consider what thou wilt do; for evil is determined against our master, and against all his household: for he is such a son of Belial, that a man cannot speak to him.	
1 Samuel 25:18	Then Abigail made haste, and took two hundred loaves, and two bottles of wine, and five sheep ready dressed, and five measures of parched corn, and an hundred clusters of raisins, and two hundred cakes of figs, and laid them on asses.	
1 Samuel 25:24	And fell at his feet, and said, Upon me, my lord, upon me let this iniquity be: and let thine handmaid, I pray thee, speak in thine audience, and hear the words of thine handmaid.	
1 Samuel 25:25	Let not my lord, I pray thee, regard this man of Belial, even Nabal: for as his name is, so is he; Nabal is his name, and folly is with him: but I thine handmaid saw not the young men of my lord, whom thou didst send.	
1 Samuel 25:26	Now therefore, my lord, as the LORD liveth, and as thy soul liveth, seeing the LORD hath withholden thee from coming to shed blood, and from avenging thyself with thine own hand, now let thine enemies, and they that seek evil to my lord, be as Nabal.	
1 Samuel 25:28	I pray thee, forgive the trespass of thine handmaid: for the LORD will certainly make my lord a sure house; because my lord fighteth the battles of the LORD, and evil hath not been found in thee all thy days.	
1 Samuel 25:29	Yet a man is risen to pursue thee, and to seek thy soul: but the soul of my lord shall be bound in the bundle of life with the LORD thy God; and the souls of thine enemies, them shall he sling out, as out of the middle of a sling.	
1 Samuel 25:3	Now the name of the man was Nabal; and the name of his wife Abigail: and she was a woman of good understanding, and of a beautiful countenance: but the man was churlish and evil in his doings; and he was of the house of Caleb.	
1 Samuel 25:30	And it shall come to pass, when the LORD shall have done to my lord according to all the good that he hath spoken concerning thee, and shall have appointed thee ruler over Israel;	
1 Samuel 25:32	And David said to Abigail, Blessed be the LORD God of Israel, which sent thee this day to meet me:	
1 Samuel 25:37	But it came to pass in the morning, when the wine was gone out of Nabal, and his wife had told him these things, that his heart died within him, and he became as a stone.	
1 Samuel 25:43	David also took Ahinoam of Jezreel; and they were also both of them his wives.	
1 Samuel 26:13	Then David went over to the other side, and stood on the top of an hill afar off; a great space being between them:	
1 Samuel 26:18	And he said, Wherefore doth my lord thus pursue after his servant? for what have I done? or what evil is in mine hand?	
1 Samuel 26:8	Then said Abishai to David, God hath delivered thine enemy into thine hand this day: now therefore let me smite him, I pray thee, with the spear even to the earth at once, and I will not smite him the second time.	
1 Samuel 27:12	And Achish believed David, saying, He hath made his people Israel utterly to abhor him; therefore he shall be my servant for ever.	
1 Samuel 28:10	And Saul sware to her by the LORD, saying, As the LORD liveth, there shall no punishment happen to thee for this thing.	
1 Samuel 28:12	And when the woman saw Samuel, she cried with a loud voice: and the woman spake to Saul, saying, Why hast thou deceived me? for thou art Saul.	
1 Samuel 28:20	Then Saul fell straightway all along on the earth, and was sore afraid, because of the words of Samuel: and there was no strength in him; for he had eaten no bread all the day, nor all the night.	
1 Samuel 28:22	Now therefore, I pray thee, hearken thou also unto the voice of thine handmaid, and let me set a morsel of bread before thee; and eat, that thou mayest have strength, when thou goest on thy way.	
1 Samuel 28:9	And the woman said unto him, Behold, thou knowest what Saul hath done, how he hath cut off those that have familiar spirits, and the wizards, out of the land: wherefore then layest thou a snare for my life, to cause me to die?	
1 Samuel 29:6	Then Achish called David, and said unto him, Surely, as the LORD liveth, thou hast been upright, and thy going out and thy coming in with me in the host is good in my sight: for I have not found evil in thee since the day of thy coming unto me unto this day: nevertheless the lords favor thee not.	
1 Samuel 29:9	And Achish answered and said to David, I know that thou art good in my sight, as an angel of God: notwithstanding the princes of the Philistines have said, He shall not go up with us to the battle.	
1 Samuel 2:12	Now the sons of Eli were sons of Belial; they knew not the LORD.	
1 Samuel 2:15	Also before they burnt the fat, the priest's servant came, and said to the man that sacrificed, Give flesh to roast for the priest; for he will not have sodden flesh of thee, but raw.	
1 Samuel 2:17	Wherefore the sin of the young men was very great before the LORD: for men abhorred the offering of the LORD.	
1 Samuel 2:20	And Eli blessed Elkanah and his wife, and said, The LORD give thee seed of this woman for the loan which is lent to the LORD. And they went unto their own home.	
1 Samuel 2:22	Now Eli was very old, and heard all that his sons did unto all Israel; and how they lay with the women that assembled at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation.	
1 Samuel 2:25	If one man sin against another, the judge shall judge him: but if a man sin against the LORD, who shall entreat for him? Notwithstanding they hearkened not unto the voice of their father, because the LORD would slay them.	
1 Samuel 2:28	And did I choose him out of all the tribes of Israel to be my priest, to offer upon mine altar, to burn incense, to wear an ephod before me? and did I give unto the house of thy father all the offerings made by fire of the children of Israel?	
1 Samuel 2:30	Wherefore the LORD God of Israel saith, I said indeed that thy house, and the house of thy father, should walk before me for ever: but now the LORD saith, Be it far from me; for them that honor me I will honor, and they that despise me shall be lightly esteemed.	
1 Samuel 2:31	Behold, the days come, that I will cut off thine arm, and the arm of thy father's house, that there shall not be an old man in thine house.	
1 Samuel 2:32	And thou shalt see an enemy in my habitation, in all the wealth which God shall give Israel: and there shall not be an old man in thine house for ever.	
1 Samuel 2:33	And the man of thine, whom I shall not cut off from mine altar, shall be to consume thine eyes, and to grieve thine heart: and all the increase of thine house shall die in the flower of their age.	
1 Samuel 30:10	But David pursued, he and four hundred men: for two hundred abode behind, which were so faint that they could not go over the brook Besor.	
1 Samuel 30:11	And they found an Egyptian in the field, and brought him to David, and gave him bread, and he did eat; and they made him drink water;	
1 Samuel 30:13	And David said unto him, To whom belongest thou? and whence art thou? And he said, I am a young man of Egypt, servant to an Amalekite; and my master left me, because three days agone I fell sick.	
1 Samuel 30:16	And when he had brought him down, behold, they were spread abroad upon all the earth, eating and drinking, and dancing, because of all the great spoil that they had taken out of the land of the Philistines, and out of the land of Judah.	
1 Samuel 30:17	And David smote them from the twilight even unto the evening of the next day: and there escaped not a man of them, save four hundred young men, which rode upon camels, and fled.	
1 Samuel 30:2	And had taken the women captives, that were therein: they slew not any, either great or small, but carried them away, and went on their way.	
1 Samuel 30:21	And David came to the two hundred men, which were so faint that they could not follow David, whom they had made also to abide at the brook Besor: and they went forth to meet David, and to meet the people that were with him: and when David came near to the people, he saluted them.	
1 Samuel 30:28	And to them which were in Aroer, and to them which were in Siphmoth, and to them which were in Eshtemoa,	
1 Samuel 30:29	And to them which were in Rachal, and to them which were in the cities of the Jerahmeelites, and to them which were in the cities of the Kenites,	
1 Samuel 30:5	And David's two wives were taken captives, Ahinoam the Jezreelitess, and Abigail the wife of Nabal the Carmelite.	
1 Samuel 30:7	And David said to Abiathar the priest, Ahimelech's son, I pray thee, bring me hither the ephod. And Abiathar brought thither the ephod to David.	
1 Samuel 30:8	And David inquired at the LORD, saying, Shall I pursue after this troop? shall I overtake them? And he answered him, Pursue: for thou shalt surely overtake them, and without fail recover all.	
1 Samuel 30:9	So David went, he and the six hundred men that were with him, and came to the brook Besor, where those that were left behind stayed.	
1 Samuel 31:1	Now the Philistines fought against Israel: and the men of Israel fled from before the Philistines, and fell down slain in mount Gilboa.	
1 Samuel 31:12	All the valiant men arose, and went all night, and took the body of Saul and the bodies of his sons from the wall of Bethshan, and came to Jabesh, and burnt them there.	
1 Samuel 31:9	And they cut off his head, and stripped off his armor, and sent into the land of the Philistines round about, to publish it in the house of their idols, and among the people.	
1 Samuel 3:13	For I have told him that I will judge his house for ever for the iniquity which he knoweth; because his sons made themselves vile, and he restrained them not.	
1 Samuel 3:18	And Samuel told him every whit, and hid nothing from him. And he said, It is the LORD: let him do what seemeth him good.	
1 Samuel 3:19	And Samuel grew, and the LORD was with him, and did let none of his words fall to the ground.	
1 Samuel 3:3	And ere the lamp of God went out in the temple of the LORD, where the ark of God was, and Samuel was laid down to sleep;	
1 Samuel 3:9	Therefore Eli said unto Samuel, Go, lie down: and it shall be, if he call thee, that thou shalt say, Speak, LORD; for thy servant heareth. So Samuel went and lay down in his place.	
1 Samuel 4:1	And the word of Samuel came to all Israel. Now Israel went out against the Philistines to battle, and pitched beside Ebenezer: and the Philistines pitched in Aphek.	
1 Samuel 4:15	Now Eli was ninety and eight years old; and his eyes were dim, that he could not see.	
1 Samuel 4:2	And the Philistines put themselves in array against Israel: and when they joined battle, Israel was smitten before the Philistines: and they slew of the army in the field about four thousand men.	
1 Samuel 4:20	And about the time of her death the women that stood by her said unto her, Fear not; for thou hast born a son. But she answered not, neither did she regard it.	
1 Samuel 4:21	And she named the child Ichabod, saying, The glory is departed from Israel: because the ark of God was taken, and because of her father in law and her husband.	
1 Samuel 4:3	And when the people were come into the camp, the elders of Israel said, Wherefore hath the LORD smitten us to day before the Philistines? Let us fetch the ark of the covenant of the LORD out of Shiloh unto us, that, when it cometh among us, it may save us out of the hand of our enemies.	
1 Samuel 4:6	And when the Philistines heard the noise of the shout, they said, What meaneth the noise of this great shout in the camp of the Hebrews? And they understood that the ark of the LORD was come into the camp.	
1 Samuel 5:1	And the Philistines took the ark of God, and brought it from Ebenezer unto Ashdod.	
1 Samuel 5:10	Therefore they sent the ark of God to Ekron. And it came to pass, as the ark of God came to Ekron, that the Ekronites cried out, saying, They have brought about the ark of the God of Israel to us, to slay us and our people.	
1 Samuel 5:11	So they sent and gathered together all the lords of the Philistines, and said, Send away the ark of the God of Israel, and let it go again to his own place, that it slay us not, and our people: for there was a deadly destruction throughout all the city; the hand of God was very heavy there.	
1 Samuel 6:1	And the ark of the LORD was in the country of the Philistines seven months.	
1 Samuel 7:14	And the cities which the Philistines had taken from Israel were restored to Israel, from Ekron even unto Gath; and the coasts thereof did Israel deliver out of the hands of the Philistines. And there was peace between Israel and the Amorites.	
1 Samuel 7:5	And Samuel said, Gather all Israel to Mizpeh, and I will pray for you unto the LORD.	
1 Samuel 7:7	And when the Philistines heard that the children of Israel were gathered together to Mizpeh, the lords of the Philistines went up against Israel. And when the children of Israel heard it, they were afraid of the Philistines.	
1 Samuel 7:9	And Samuel took a sucking lamb, and offered it for a burnt offering wholly unto the LORD: and Samuel cried unto the LORD for Israel; and the LORD heard him.	
1 Samuel 8:16	And he will take your menservants, and your maidservants, and your goodliest young men, and your asses, and put them to his work.	
1 Samuel 8:18	And ye shall cry out in that day because of your king which ye shall have chosen you; and the LORD will not hear you in that day.	
1 Samuel 8:19	Nevertheless the people refused to obey the voice of Samuel; and they said, Nay; but we will have a king over us;	
1 Samuel 8:20	That we also may be like all the nations; and that our king may judge us, and go out before us, and fight our battles.	
1 Samuel 9:12	And they answered them, and said, He is; behold, he is before you: make haste now, for he came to day to the city; for there is a sacrifice of the people to day in the high place:	
1 Samuel 9:15	Now the LORD had told Samuel in his ear a day before Saul came, saying,	
1 Samuel 9:2	And he had a son, whose name was Saul, a choice young man, and a goodly: and there was not among the children of Israel a goodlier person than he: from his shoulders and upward he was higher than any of the people.	
1 Samuel 9:22	And Samuel took Saul and his servant, and brought them into the parlor, and made them sit in the chiefest place among them that were bidden, which were about thirty persons.	
1 Samuel 9:27	And as they were going down to the end of the city, Samuel said to Saul, Bid the servant pass on before us, (and he passed on), but stand thou still a while, that I may show thee the word of God.	
1 Samuel 9:9	(Beforetime in Israel, when a man went to inquire of God, thus he spake, Come, and let us go to the seer: for he that is now called a Prophet was beforetime called a Seer.)	
1 Thessalonians 1:4	Knowing, brethren beloved, your election of God.	
1 Thessalonians 1:5	For our gospel came not unto you in word only, but also in power, and in the Holy Ghost, and in much assurance; as ye know what manner of men we were among you for your sake.	
1 Thessalonians 2:12	That ye would walk worthy of God, who hath called you unto his kingdom and glory.	
1 Thessalonians 2:13	For this cause also thank we God without ceasing, because, when ye received the word of God which ye heard of us, ye received it not as the word of men, but as it is in truth, the word of God, which effectually worketh also in you that believe.	
1 Thessalonians 2:19	For what is our hope, or joy, or crown of rejoicing? Are not even ye in the presence of our Lord Jesus Christ at his coming?	
1 Thessalonians 2:6	Nor of men sought we glory, neither of you, nor yet of others, when we might have been burdensome, as the apostles of Christ.	
1 Thessalonians 2:8	So being affectionately desirous of you, we were willing to have imparted unto you, not the gospel of God only, but also our own souls, because ye were dear unto us.	
1 Thessalonians 3:10	Night and day praying exceedingly that we might see your face, and might perfect that which is lacking in your faith?	
1 Thessalonians 3:11	Now God himself and our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ, direct our way unto you.	
1 Thessalonians 3:12	And the Lord make you to increase and abound in love one toward another, and toward all men, even as we do toward you:	
1 Thessalonians 3:5	For this cause, when I could no longer forbear, I sent to know your faith, lest by some means the tempter have tempted you, and our labour be in vain.	
1 Thessalonians 3:7	Therefore, brethren, we were comforted over you in all our affliction and distress by your faith:	
1 Thessalonians 3:8	For now we live, if ye stand fast in the Lord.	
1 Thessalonians 3:9	For what thanks can we render to God again for you, for all the joy wherewith we joy for your sakes before our God;	
1 Thessalonians 4:14	For if we believe that Jesus died and rose again, even so them also which sleep in Jesus will God bring with him.	
1 Thessalonians 4:17	Then we which are alive and remain shall be caught up together with them in the clouds, to meet the Lord in the air: and so shall we ever be with the Lord.	
1 Thessalonians 4:3	For this is the will of God, even your sanctification, that ye should abstain from fornication:	
1 Thessalonians 4:4	That every one of you should know how to possess his vessel in sanctification and honour;	
1 Thessalonians 4:5	Not in the lust of concupiscence, even as the Gentiles which know not God:	
1 Thessalonians 4:8	He therefore that despiseth, despiseth not man, but God, who hath also given unto us his holy Spirit.	
1 Thessalonians 5:10	Who died for us, that, whether we wake or sleep, we should live together with him.	
1 Thessalonians 5:11	Wherefore comfort yourselves together, and edify one another, even as also ye do.	
1 Thessalonians 5:16	Rejoice evermore.	
1 Thessalonians 5:19	Quench not the Spirit.	
1 Thessalonians 5:28	The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you. Amen.	
1 Thessalonians 5:7	For they that sleep sleep in the night; and they that be drunken are drunken in the night.	
1 Timothy 1:12	And I thank Christ Jesus our Lord, who hath enabled me, for that he counted me faithful, putting me into the ministry;	
1 Timothy 1:17	Now unto the King eternal, immortal, invisible, the only wise God, be honour and glory for ever and ever. Amen.	
1 Timothy 1:19	Holding faith, and a good conscience; which some having put away concerning faith have made shipwreck:	
1 Timothy 1:4	Neither give heed to fables and endless genealogies, which minister questions, rather than godly edifying which is in faith: so do.	
1 Timothy 1:5	Now the end of the commandment is charity out of a pure heart, and of a good conscience, and of faith unfeigned:	
1 Timothy 1:6	From which some having swerved have turned aside unto vain jangling;	
1 Timothy 2:12	But I suffer not a woman to teach, nor to usurp authority over the man, but to be in silence.	
1 Timothy 2:5	For there is one God, and one mediator between God and men, the man Christ Jesus;	
1 Timothy 2:7	Whereunto I am ordained a preacher, and an apostle, (I speak the truth in Christ, and lie not;) a teacher of the Gentiles in faith and verity.	
1 Timothy 3:1	This is a true saying, If a man desire the office of a bishop, he desireth a good work.	
1 Timothy 3:13	For they that have used the office of a deacon well purchase to themselves a good degree, and great boldness in the faith which is in Christ Jesus.	
1 Timothy 3:15	But if I tarry long, that thou mayest know how thou oughtest to behave thyself in the house of God, which is the church of the living God, the pillar and ground of the truth.	
1 Timothy 4:10	For therefore we both labour and suffer reproach, because we trust in the living God, who is the Saviour of all men, specially of those that believe.	
1 Timothy 4:12	Let no man despise thy youth; but be thou an example of the believers, in word, in conversation, in charity, in spirit, in faith, in purity.	
1 Timothy 4:16	Take heed unto thyself, and unto the doctrine; continue in them: for in doing this thou shalt both save thyself, and them that hear thee.	
1 Timothy 4:3	Forbidding to marry, and commanding to abstain from meats, which God hath created to be received with thanksgiving of them which believe and know the truth.	
1 Timothy 4:4	For every creature of God is good, and nothing to be refused, if it be received with thanksgiving:	
1 Timothy 4:6	If thou put the brethren in remembrance of these things, thou shalt be a good minister of Jesus Christ, nourished up in the words of faith and of good doctrine, whereunto thou hast attained.	
1 Timothy 4:8	For bodily exercise profiteth little: but godliness is profitable unto all things, having promise of the life that now is, and of that which is to come.	
1 Timothy 5:1	Rebuke not an elder, but intreat him as a father; and the younger men as brethren;	
1 Timothy 5:10	Well reported of for good works; if she have brought up children, if she have lodged strangers, if she have washed the saints' feet, if she have relieved the afflicted, if she have diligently followed every good work.	
1 Timothy 5:13	And withal they learn to be idle, wandering about from house to house; and not only idle, but tattlers also and busybodies, speaking things which they ought not.	
1 Timothy 5:19	Against an elder receive not an accusation, but before two or three witnesses.	
1 Timothy 5:2	The elder women as mothers; the younger as sisters, with all purity.	
1 Timothy 5:21	I charge thee before God, and the Lord Jesus Christ, and the elect angels, that thou observe these things without preferring one before another, doing nothing by partiality.	
1 Timothy 5:23	Drink no longer water, but use a little wine for thy stomach's sake and thine often infirmities.	
1 Timothy 5:25	Likewise also the good works of some are manifest beforehand; and they that are otherwise cannot be hid.	
1 Timothy 5:4	But if any widow have children or nephews, let them learn first to shew piety at home, and to requite their parents: for that is good and acceptable before God.	
1 Timothy 6:1	Let as many servants as are under the yoke count their own masters worthy of all honour, that the name of God and his doctrine be not blasphemed.	
1 Timothy 6:10	For the love of money is the root of all evil: which while some coveted after, they have erred from the faith, and pierced themselves through with many sorrows.	
1 Timothy 6:12	Fight the good fight of faith, lay hold on eternal life, whereunto thou art also called, and hast professed a good profession before many witnesses.	
1 Timothy 6:2	And they that have believing masters, let them not despise them, because they are brethren; but rather do them service, because they are faithful and beloved, partakers of the benefit. These things teach and exhort.	
1 Timothy 6:4	He is proud, knowing nothing, but doting about questions and strifes of words, whereof cometh envy, strife, railings, evil surmisings,	
1 Timothy 6:7	For we brought nothing into this world, and it is certain we can carry nothing out.	
1 Timothy 6:8	And having food and raiment let us be therewith content.	
2 Chronicles 10:12	So Jeroboam and all the people came to Rehoboam on the third day, as the king bade, saying, Come again to me on the third day.	
2 Chronicles 10:13	And the king answered them roughly; and king Rehoboam forsook the counsel of the old men,	
2 Chronicles 10:18	Then king Rehoboam sent Hadoram that was over the tribute; and the children of Israel stoned him with stones, that he died. But king Rehoboam made speed to get him up to his chariot, to flee to Jerusalem.	
2 Chronicles 10:8	But he forsook the counsel which the old men gave him, and took counsel with the young men that were brought up with him, that stood before him.	
2 Chronicles 11:12	And in every several city he put shields and spears, and made them exceeding strong, having Judah and Benjamin on his side.	
2 Chronicles 11:14	For the Levites left their suburbs and their possession, and came to Judah and Jerusalem: for Jeroboam and his sons had cast them off from executing the priest's office unto the LORD:	
2 Chronicles 11:15	And he ordained him priests for the high places, and for the devils, and for the calves which he had made.	
2 Chronicles 11:19	Which bare him children; Jeush, and Shamariah, and Zaham.	
2 Chronicles 11:2	But the word of the LORD came to Shemaiah the man of God, saying,	
2 Chronicles 11:21	And Rehoboam loved Maachah the daughter of Absalom above all his wives and his concubines: (for he took eighteen wives, and threescore concubines; and begat twenty and eight sons, and threescore daughters.)	
2 Chronicles 11:3	Speak unto Rehoboam the son of Solomon, king of Judah, and to all Israel in Judah and Benjamin, saying,	
2 Chronicles 11:8	And Gath, and Mareshah, and Ziph,	
2 Chronicles 11:9	And Adoraim, and Lachish, and Azekah,	
2 Chronicles 12:10	Instead of which king Rehoboam made shields of brass, and committed them to the hands of the chief of the guard, that kept the entrance of the king's house.	
2 Chronicles 12:14	And he did evil, because he prepared not his heart to seek the LORD.	
2 Chronicles 12:4	And he took the fenced cities which pertained to Judah, and came to Jerusalem.	
2 Chronicles 12:5	Then came Shemaiah the prophet to Rehoboam, and to the princes of Judah, that were gathered together to Jerusalem because of Shishak, and said unto them, Thus saith the LORD, Ye have forsaken me, and therefore have I also left you in the hand of Shishak.	
2 Chronicles 12:6	Whereupon the princes of Israel and the king humbled themselves; and they said, The LORD is righteous.	
2 Chronicles 13:12	And, behold, God himself is with us for our captain, and his priests with sounding trumpets to cry alarm against you. O children of Israel, fight ye not against the LORD God of your fathers; for ye shall not prosper.	
2 Chronicles 13:16	And the children of Israel fled before Judah: and God delivered them into their hand.	
2 Chronicles 13:22	And the rest of the acts of Abijah, and his ways, and his sayings, are written in the story of the prophet Iddo.	
2 Chronicles 13:8	And now ye think to withstand the kingdom of the LORD in the hand of the sons of David; and ye be a great multitude, and there are with your golden calves, which Jeroboam made you for gods.	
2 Chronicles 14:11	And Asa cried unto the LORD his God, and said, LORD, it is nothing with thee to help, whether with many, or with them that have no power: help us, O LORD our God; for we rest on thee, and in thy name we go against this multitude. O LORD, thou art our God; let no man prevail against thee.	
2 Chronicles 15:1	And the Spirit of God came upon Azariah the son of Oded:	
2 Chronicles 15:14	And they sware unto the LORD with a loud voice, and with shouting, and with trumpets, and with cornets.	
2 Chronicles 15:15	And all Judah rejoiced at the oath: for they had sworn with all their heart, and sought him with their whole desire; and he was found of them: and the LORD gave them rest round about.	
2 Chronicles 15:17	But the high places were not taken away out of Israel: nevertheless the heart of Asa was perfect all his days.	
2 Chronicles 15:19	And there was no more war unto the five and thirtieth year of the reign of Asa.	
2 Chronicles 15:2	And he went out to meet Asa, and said unto him, Hear ye me, Asa, and all Judah and Benjamin; The LORD is with you, while ye be with him; and if ye seek him, he will be found of you; but if ye forsake him, he will forsake you.	
2 Chronicles 15:5	And in those times there was no peace to him that went out, nor to him that came in, but great vexations were upon all the inhabitants of the countries.	
2 Chronicles 15:6	And nation was destroyed of nation, and city of city: for God did vex them with all adversity.	
2 Chronicles 16:4	And Benhadad hearkened unto king Asa, and sent the captains of his armies against the cities of Israel; and they smote Ijon, and Dan, and Abelmaim, and all the store cities of Naphtali.	
2 Chronicles 16:5	And it came to pass, when Baasha heard it, that he left off building of Ramah, and let his work cease.	
2 Chronicles 16:7	And at that time Hanani the seer came to Asa king of Judah, and said unto him, Because thou hast relied on the king of Syria, and not relied on the LORD thy God, therefore is the host of the king of Syria escaped out of thine hand.	
2 Chronicles 17:12	And Jehoshaphat waxed great exceedingly; and he built in Judah castles, and cities of store.	
2 Chronicles 17:15	And next to him was Jehohanan the captain, and with him two hundred and fourscore thousand.	
2 Chronicles 17:2	And he placed forces in all the fenced cities of Judah, and set garrisons in the land of Judah, and in the cities of Ephraim, which Asa his father had taken.	
2 Chronicles 17:4	But sought to the Lord God of his father, and walked in his commandments, and not after the doings of Israel.	
2 Chronicles 17:7	Also in the third year of his reign he sent to his princes, even to Benhail, and to Obadiah, and to Zechariah, and to Nethaneel, and to Michaiah, to teach in the cities of Judah.	
2 Chronicles 18:10	And Zedekiah the son of Chenaanah had made him horns of iron, and said, Thus saith the LORD, With these thou shalt push Syria until they be consumed.	
2 Chronicles 18:15	And the king said to him, How many times shall I adjure thee that thou say nothing but the truth to me in the name of the LORD?	
2 Chronicles 18:2	And after certain years he went down to Ahab to Samaria. And Ahab killed sheep and oxen for him in abundance, and for the people that he had with him, and persuaded him to go up with him to Ramothgilead.	
2 Chronicles 18:25	Then the king of Israel said, Take ye Micaiah, and carry him back to Amon the governor of the city, and to Joash the king's son;	
2 Chronicles 18:34	And the battle increased that day: howbeit the king of Israel stayed himself up in his chariot against the Syrians until the even: and about the time of the sun going down he died.	
2 Chronicles 18:4	And Jehoshaphat said unto the king of Israel, Enquire, I pray thee, at the word of the LORD to day.	
2 Chronicles 18:6	But Jehoshaphat said, Is there not here a prophet of the LORD besides, that we might enquire of him?	
2 Chronicles 19:10	And what cause soever shall come to you of your brethren that dwell in your cities, between blood and blood, between law and commandment, statutes and judgments, ye shall even warn them that they trespass not against the LORD, and so wrath come upon you, and upon your brethren: this do, and ye shall not trespass.	
2 Chronicles 19:5	And he set judges in the land throughout all the fenced cities of Judah, city by city,	
2 Chronicles 19:6	And said to the judges, Take heed what ye do: for ye judge not for man, but for the LORD, who is with you in the judgment.	
2 Chronicles 19:9	And he charged them, saying, Thus shall ye do in the fear of the LORD, faithfully, and with a perfect heart.	
2 Chronicles 1:11	And God said to Solomon, Because this was in thine heart, and thou hast not asked riches, wealth, or honor, nor the life of thine enemies, neither yet hast asked long life; but hast asked wisdom and knowledge for thyself, that thou mayest judge my people, over whom I have made thee king:	
2 Chronicles 1:12	Wisdom and knowledge is granted unto thee; and I will give thee riches, and wealth, and honor, such as none of the kings have had that have been before thee, neither shall there any after thee have the like.	
2 Chronicles 1:3	So Solomon, and all the congregation with him, went to the high place that was at Gibeon; for there was the tabernacle of the congregation of God, which Moses the servant of the LORD had made in the wilderness.	
2 Chronicles 1:4	But the ark of God had David brought up from Kirjathjearim to the place which David had prepared for it: for he had pitched a tent for it at Jerusalem.	
2 Chronicles 1:8	And Solomon said unto God, Thou hast showed great mercy unto David my father, and hast made me to reign in his stead.	
2 Chronicles 1:9	Now, O LORD God, let thy promise unto David my father be established: for thou hast made me king over a people like the dust of the earth in multitude.	
2 Chronicles 20:12	O our God, wilt thou not judge them? for we have no might against this great company that cometh against us; neither know we what to do: but our eyes are upon thee.	
2 Chronicles 20:13	And all Judah stood before the LORD, with their little ones, their wives, and their children.	
2 Chronicles 20:15	And he said, Hearken ye, all Judah, and ye inhabitants of Jerusalem, and thou king Jehoshaphat, Thus saith the LORD unto you, Be not afraid nor dismayed by reason of this great multitude; for the battle is not yours, but God's.	
2 Chronicles 20:16	To morrow go ye down against them: behold, they come up by the cliff of Ziz; and ye shall find them at the end of the brook, before the wilderness of Jeruel.	
2 Chronicles 20:17	Ye shall not need to fight in this battle: set yourselves, stand ye still, and see the salvation of the LORD with you, O Judah and Jerusalem: fear not, nor be dismayed; to morrow go out against them: for the LORD will be with you.	
2 Chronicles 20:2	Then there came some that told Jehoshaphat, saying, There cometh a great multitude against thee from beyond the sea on this side Syria; and, behold, they be in Hazazontamar, which is Engedi.	
2 Chronicles 20:21	And when he had consulted with the people, he appointed singers unto the LORD, and that should praise the beauty of holiness, as they went out before the army, and to say, Praise the LORD; for his mercy endureth for ever.	
2 Chronicles 20:30	So the realm of Jehoshaphat was quiet: for his God gave him rest round about.	
2 Chronicles 20:31	And Jehoshaphat reigned over Judah: he was thirty and five years old when he began to reign, and he reigned twenty and five years in Jerusalem. And his mother's name was Azubah the daughter of Shilhi.	
2 Chronicles 20:4	And Judah gathered themselves together, to ask help of the LORD: even out of all the cities of Judah they came to seek the LORD.	
2 Chronicles 20:7	Art not thou our God, who didst drive out the inhabitants of this land before thy people Israel, and gavest it to the seed of Abraham thy friend for ever?	
2 Chronicles 20:8	And they dwelt therein, and have built thee a sanctuary therein for thy name, saying,	
2 Chronicles 21:1	Now Jehoshaphat slept with his fathers, and was buried with his fathers in the city of David. And Jehoram his son reigned in his stead.	
2 Chronicles 21:16	Moreover the LORD stirred up against Jehoram the spirit of the Philistines, and of the Arabians, that were near the Ethiopians:	
2 Chronicles 21:18	And after all this the LORD smote him in his bowels with an incurable disease.	
2 Chronicles 21:20	Thirty and two years old was he when he began to reign, and he reigned in Jerusalem eight years, and departed without being desired. Howbeit they buried him in the city of David, but not in the sepulchres of the kings.	
2 Chronicles 21:3	And their father gave them great gifts of silver, and of gold, and of precious things, with fenced cities in Judah: but the kingdom gave he to Jehoram; because he was the firstborn.	
2 Chronicles 21:4	Now when Jehoram was risen up to the kingdom of his father, he strengthened himself, and slew all his brethren with the sword, and divers also of the princes of Israel.	
2 Chronicles 21:9	Then Jehoram went forth with his princes, and all his chariots with him: and he rose up by night, and smote the Edomites which compassed him in, and the captains of the chariots.	
2 Chronicles 22:3	He also walked in the ways of the house of Ahab: for his mother was his counselor to do wickedly.	
2 Chronicles 22:6	And he returned to be healed in Jezreel because of the wounds which were given him at Ramah, when he fought with Hazael king of Syria. And Azariah the son of Jehoram king of Judah went down to see Jehoram the son of Ahab at Jezreel, because he was sick.	
2 Chronicles 22:7	And the destruction of Ahaziah was of God by coming to Joram: for when he was come, he went out with Jehoram against Jehu the son of Nimshi, whom the LORD had anointed to cut off the house of Ahab.	
2 Chronicles 23:1	And in the seventh year Jehoiada strengthened himself, and took the captains of hundreds, Azariah the son of Jeroham, and Ishmael the son of Jehohanan, and Azariah the son of Obed, and Maaseiah the son of Adaiah, and Elishaphat the son of Zichri, into covenant with him.	
2 Chronicles 23:14	Then Jehoiada the priest brought out the captains of hundreds that were set over the host, and said unto them, Have her forth of the ranges: and whoso followeth her, let him be slain with the sword. For the priest said, Slay her not in the house of the LORD.	
2 Chronicles 23:18	Also Jehoiada appointed the offices of the house of the LORD by the hand of the priests the Levites, whom David had distributed in the house of the LORD, to offer the burnt offerings of the LORD, as it is written in the law of Moses, with rejoicing and with singing, as it was ordained by David.	
2 Chronicles 23:20	And he took the captains of hundreds, and the nobles, and the governors of the people, and all the people of the land, and brought down the king from the house of the LORD: and they came through the high gate into the king's house, and set the king upon the throne of the kingdom.	
2 Chronicles 24:12	And the king and Jehoiada gave it to such as did the work of the service of the house of the LORD, and hired masons and carpenters to repair the house of the LORD, and also such as wrought iron and brass to mend the house of the LORD.	
2 Chronicles 24:14	And when they had finished it, they brought the rest of the money before the king and Jehoiada, whereof were made vessels for the house of the LORD, even vessels to minister, and to offer withal, and spoons, and vessels of gold and silver. And they offered burnt offerings in the house of the LORD continually all the days of Jehoiada.	
2 Chronicles 24:15	But Jehoiada waxed old, and was full of days when he died; an hundred and thirty years old was he when he died.	
2 Chronicles 24:17	Now after the death of Jehoiada came the princes of Judah, and made obeisance to the king. Then the king hearkened unto them.	
2 Chronicles 24:18	And they left the house of the LORD God of their fathers, and served groves and idols: and wrath came upon Judah and Jerusalem for this their trespass.	
2 Chronicles 24:24	For the army of the Syrians came with a small company of men, and the LORD delivered a very great host into their hand, because they had forsaken the LORD God of their fathers. So they executed judgment against Joash.	
2 Chronicles 24:26	And these are they that conspired against him; Zabad the son of Shimeath an Ammonitess, and Jehozabad the son of Shimrith a Moabitess.	
2 Chronicles 25:1	Amaziah was twenty and five years old when he began to reign, and he reigned twenty and nine years in Jerusalem. And his mother's name was Jehoaddan of Jerusalem.	
2 Chronicles 25:10	Then Amaziah separated them, to wit, the army that was come to him out of Ephraim, to go home again: wherefore their anger was greatly kindled against Judah, and they returned home in great anger.	
2 Chronicles 25:2	And he did that which was right in the sight of the LORD, but not with a perfect heart.	
2 Chronicles 25:21	So Joash the king of Israel went up; and they saw one another in the face, both he and Amaziah king of Judah, at Bethshemesh, which belongeth to Judah.	
2 Chronicles 25:23	And Joash the king of Israel took Amaziah king of Judah, the son of Joash, the son of Jehoahaz, at Bethshemesh, and brought him to Jerusalem, and brake down the wall of Jerusalem from the gate of Ephraim to the corner gate, four hundred cubits.	
2 Chronicles 25:27	Now after the time that Amaziah did turn away from following the LORD they made a conspiracy against him in Jerusalem; and he fled to Lachish: but they sent to Lachish after him, and slew him there.	
2 Chronicles 25:5	Moreover Amaziah gathered Judah together, and made them captains over thousands, and captains over hundreds, according to the houses of their fathers, throughout all Judah and Benjamin: and he numbered them from twenty years old and above, and found them three hundred thousand choice men, able to go forth to war, that could handle spear and shield.	
2 Chronicles 25:8	But if thou wilt go, do it; be strong for the battle: God shall make thee fall before the enemy: for God hath power to help, and to cast down.	
2 Chronicles 26:13	And under their hand was an army, three hundred thousand and seven thousand and five hundred, that made war with mighty power, to help the king against the enemy.	
2 Chronicles 26:15	And he made in Jerusalem engines, invented by cunning men, to be on the towers and upon the bulwarks, to shoot arrows and great stones withal. And his name spread far abroad; for he was marvelously helped, till he was strong.	
2 Chronicles 26:17	And Azariah the priest went in after him, and with him fourscore priests of the LORD, that were valiant men:	
2 Chronicles 26:19	Then Uzziah was wroth, and had a censer in his hand to burn incense: and while he was wroth with the priests, the leprosy even rose up in his forehead before the priests in the house of the LORD, from beside the incense altar.	
2 Chronicles 26:20	And Azariah the chief priest, and all the priests, looked upon him, and, behold, he was leprous in his forehead, and they thrust him out from thence; yea, himself hasted also to go out, because the LORD had smitten him.	
2 Chronicles 26:23	So Uzziah slept with his fathers, and they buried him with his fathers in the field of the burial which belonged to the kings; for they said, He is a leper: and Jotham his son reigned in his stead.	
2 Chronicles 27:5	He fought also with the king of the Ammonites, and prevailed against them. And the children of Ammon gave him the same year an hundred talents of silver, and ten thousand measures of wheat, and ten thousand of barley. So much did the children of Ammon pay unto him, both the second year, and the third.	
2 Chronicles 28:10	And now ye purpose to keep under the children of Judah and Jerusalem for bondmen and bondwomen unto you: but are there not with you, even with you, sins against the LORD your God?	
2 Chronicles 28:13	And said unto them, Ye shall not bring in the captives hither: for whereas we have offended against the LORD already, ye intend to add more to our sins and to our trespass: for our trespass is great, and there is fierce wrath against Israel.	
2 Chronicles 28:22	And in the time of his distress did he trespass yet more against the LORD: this is that king Ahaz.	
2 Chronicles 28:23	For he sacrificed unto the gods of Damascus, which smote him: and he said, Because the gods of the kings of Syria help them, therefore will I sacrifice to them, that they may help me. But they were the ruin of him, and of all Israel.	
2 Chronicles 28:24	And Ahaz gathered together the vessels of the house of God, and cut in pieces the vessels of the house of God, and shut up the doors of the house of the LORD, and he made him altars in every corner of Jerusalem.	
2 Chronicles 28:25	And in every several city of Judah he made high places to burn incense unto other gods, and provoked to anger the LORD God of his fathers.	
2 Chronicles 28:26	Now the rest of his acts and of all his ways, first and last, behold, they are written in the book of the kings of Judah and Israel.	
2 Chronicles 28:9	But a prophet of the LORD was there, whose name was Oded: and he went out before the host that came to Samaria, and said unto them, Behold, because the LORD God of your fathers was wroth with Judah, he hath delivered them into your hand, and ye have slain them in a rage that reacheth up unto heaven.	
2 Chronicles 29:10	Now it is in mine heart to make a covenant with the LORD God of Israel, that his fierce wrath may turn away from us.	
2 Chronicles 29:11	My sons, be not now negligent: for the LORD hath chosen you to stand before him, to serve him, and that ye should minister unto him, and burn incense.	
2 Chronicles 29:14	And of the sons of Heman; Jehiel, and Shimei: and of the sons of Jeduthun; Shemaiah, and Uzziel.	
2 Chronicles 29:17	Now they began on the first day of the first month to sanctify, and on the eighth day of the month came they to the porch of the LORD: so they sanctified the house of the LORD in eight days; and in the sixteenth day of the first month they made an end.	
2 Chronicles 29:18	Then they went in to Hezekiah the king, and said, We have cleansed all the house of the LORD, and the altar of burnt offering, with all the vessels thereof, and the shewbread table, with all the vessels thereof.	
2 Chronicles 29:27	And Hezekiah commanded to offer the burnt offering upon the altar. And when the burnt offering began, the song of the LORD began also with the trumpets, and with the instruments ordained by David king of Israel.	
2 Chronicles 29:32	And the number of the burnt offerings, which the congregation brought, was threescore and ten bullocks, an hundred rams, and two hundred lambs: all these were for a burnt offering to the LORD.	
2 Chronicles 29:34	But the priests were too few, so that they could not flay all the burnt offerings: wherefore their brethren the Levites did help them, till the work was ended, and until the other priests had sanctified themselves: for the Levites were more upright in heart to sanctify themselves than the priests.	
2 Chronicles 29:6	For our fathers have trespassed, and done that which was evil in the eyes of the LORD our God, and have forsaken him, and have turned away their faces from the habitation of the LORD, and turned their backs.	
2 Chronicles 2:4	Behold, I build an house to the name of the LORD my God, to dedicate it to him, and to burn before him sweet incense, and for the continual shewbread, and for the burnt offerings morning and evening, on the sabbaths, and on the new moons, and on the solemn feasts of the LORD our God. This is an ordinance for ever to Israel.	
2 Chronicles 2:5	And the house which I build is great: for great is our God above all gods.	
2 Chronicles 2:6	But who is able to build him an house, seeing the heaven and heaven of heavens cannot contain him? who am I then, that I should build him an house, save only to burn sacrifice before him?	
2 Chronicles 2:8	Send me also cedar trees, fir trees, and algum trees, out of Lebanon: for I know that thy servants can skill to cut timber in Lebanon; and, behold, my servants shall be with thy servants,	
2 Chronicles 30:10	So the posts passed from city to city through the country of Ephraim and Manasseh even unto Zebulun: but they laughed them to scorn, and mocked them.	
2 Chronicles 30:11	Nevertheless divers of Asher and Manasseh and of Zebulun humbled themselves, and came to Jerusalem.	
2 Chronicles 30:12	Also in Judah the hand of God was to give them one heart to do the commandment of the king and of the princes, by the word of the LORD.	
2 Chronicles 30:20	And the LORD hearkened to Hezekiah, and healed the people.	
2 Chronicles 30:23	And the whole assembly took counsel to keep other seven days: and they kept other seven days with gladness.	
2 Chronicles 30:7	And be not ye like your fathers, and like your brethren, which trespassed against the LORD God of their fathers, who therefore gave them up to desolation, as ye see.	
2 Chronicles 31:11	Then Hezekiah commanded to prepare chambers in the house of the LORD; and they prepared them,	
2 Chronicles 31:14	And Kore the son of Imnah the Levite, the porter toward the east, was over the freewill offerings of God, to distribute the oblations of the LORD, and the most holy things.	
2 Chronicles 31:18	And to the genealogy of all their little ones, their wives, and their sons, and their daughters, through all the congregation: for in their set office they sanctified themselves in holiness:	
2 Chronicles 31:2	And Hezekiah appointed the courses of the priests and the Levites after their courses, every man according to his service, the priests and Levites for burnt offerings and for peace offerings, to minister, and to give thanks, and to praise in the gates of the tents of the LORD.	
2 Chronicles 31:7	In the third month they began to lay the foundation of the heaps, and finished them in the seventh month.	
2 Chronicles 32:17	He wrote also letters to rail on the LORD God of Israel, and to speak against him, saying, As the gods of the nations of other lands have not delivered their people out of mine hand, so shall not the God of Hezekiah deliver his people out of mine hand.	
2 Chronicles 32:30	This same Hezekiah also stopped the upper watercourse of Gihon, and brought it straight down to the west side of the city of David. And Hezekiah prospered in all his works.	
2 Chronicles 32:6	And he set captains of war over the people, and gathered them together to him in the street of the gate of the city, and spake comfortably to them, saying,	
2 Chronicles 33:18	Now the rest of the acts of Manasseh, and his prayer unto his God, and the words of the seers that spake to him in the name of the LORD God of Israel, behold, they are written in the book of the kings of Israel.	
2 Chronicles 33:23	And humbled not himself before the LORD, as Manasseh his father had humbled himself; but Amon trespassed more and more.	
2 Chronicles 34:19	And it came to pass, when the king had heard the words of the law, that he rent his clothes.	
2 Chronicles 34:21	Go, enquire of the LORD for me, and for them that are left in Israel and in Judah, concerning the words of the book that is found: for great is the wrath of the LORD that is poured out upon us, because our fathers have not kept the word of the LORD, to do after all that is written in this book.	
2 Chronicles 34:22	And Hilkiah, and they that the king had appointed, went to Huldah the prophetess, the wife of Shallum the son of Tikvath, the son of Hasrah, keeper of the wardrobe; (now she dwelt in Jerusalem in the college:) and they spake to her to that effect.	
2 Chronicles 34:23	And she answered them, Thus saith the LORD God of Israel, Tell ye the man that sent you to me,	
2 Chronicles 34:24	Thus saith the LORD, Behold, I will bring evil upon this place, and upon the inhabitants thereof, even all the curses that are written in the book which they have read before the king of Judah:	
2 Chronicles 34:26	And as for the king of Judah, who sent you to enquire of the LORD, so shall ye say unto him, Thus saith the LORD God of Israel concerning the words which thou hast heard;	
2 Chronicles 34:28	Behold, I will gather thee to thy fathers, and thou shalt be gathered to thy grave in peace, neither shall thine eyes see all the evil that I will bring upon this place, and upon the inhabitants of the same. So they brought the king word again.	
2 Chronicles 34:29	Then the king sent and gathered together all the elders of Judah and Jerusalem.	
2 Chronicles 34:3	For in the eighth year of his reign, while he was yet young, he began to seek after the God of David his father: and in the twelfth year he began to purge Judah and Jerusalem from the high places, and the groves, and the carved images, and the molten images.	
2 Chronicles 34:32	And he caused all that were present in Jerusalem and Benjamin to stand to it. And the inhabitants of Jerusalem did according to the covenant of God, the God of their fathers.	
2 Chronicles 34:33	And Josiah took away all the abominations out of all the countries that pertained to the children of Israel, and made all that were present in Israel to serve, even to serve the LORD their God. And all his days they departed not from following the LORD, the God of their fathers.	
2 Chronicles 34:4	And they brake down the altars of Baalim in his presence; and the images, that were on high above them, he cut down; and the groves, and the carved images, and the molten images, he brake in pieces, and made dust of them, and strewed it upon the graves of them that had sacrificed unto them.	
2 Chronicles 34:5	And he burnt the bones of the priests upon their altars, and cleansed Judah and Jerusalem.	
2 Chronicles 34:6	And so did he in the cities of Manasseh, and Ephraim, and Simeon, even unto Naphtali, with their mattocks round about.	
2 Chronicles 34:9	And when they came to Hilkiah the high priest, they delivered the money that was brought into the house of God, which the Levites that kept the doors had gathered of the hand of Manasseh and Ephraim, and of all the remnant of Israel, and of all Judah and Benjamin; and they returned to Jerusalem.	
2 Chronicles 35:10	So the service was prepared, and the priests stood in their place, and the Levites in their courses, according to the king's commandment.	
2 Chronicles 35:15	And the singers the sons of Asaph were in their place, according to the commandment of David, and Asaph, and Heman, and Jeduthun the king's seer; and the porters waited at every gate; they might not depart from their service; for their brethren the Levites prepared for them.	
2 Chronicles 35:16	So all the service of the LORD was prepared the same day, to keep the passover, and to offer burnt offerings upon the altar of the LORD, according to the commandment of king Josiah.	
2 Chronicles 35:2	And he set the priests in their charges, and encouraged them to the service of the house of the LORD,	
2 Chronicles 35:25	And Jeremiah lamented for Josiah: and all the singing men and the singing women spake of Josiah in their lamentations to this day, and made them an ordinance in Israel: and, behold, they are written in the lamentations.	
2 Chronicles 35:5	And stand in the holy place according to the divisions of the families of the fathers of your brethren the people, and after the division of the families of the Levites.	
2 Chronicles 36:1	Then the people of the land took Jehoahaz the son of Josiah, and made him king in his father's stead in Jerusalem.	
2 Chronicles 36:14	Moreover all the chief of the priests, and the people, transgressed very much after all the abominations of the heathen; and polluted the house of the LORD which he had hallowed in Jerusalem.	
2 Chronicles 36:2	Jehoahaz was twenty and three years old when he began to reign, and he reigned three months in Jerusalem.	
2 Chronicles 36:23	Thus saith Cyrus king of Persia, All the kingdoms of the earth hath the LORD God of heaven given me; and he hath charged me to build him an house in Jerusalem, which is in Judah. Who is there among you of all his people? The LORD his God be with him, and let him go up.	
2 Chronicles 36:3	And the king of Egypt put him down at Jerusalem, and condemned the land in an hundred talents of silver and a talent of gold.	
2 Chronicles 36:4	And the king of Egypt made Eliakim his brother king over Judah and Jerusalem, and turned his name to Jehoiakim. And Necho took Jehoahaz his brother, and carried him to Egypt.	
2 Chronicles 36:5	Jehoiakim was twenty and five years old when he began to reign, and he reigned eleven years in Jerusalem: and he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD his God.	
2 Chronicles 36:7	Nebuchadnezzar also carried of the vessels of the house of the LORD to Babylon, and put them in his temple at Babylon.	
2 Chronicles 3:17	And he reared up the pillars before the temple, one on the right hand, and the other on the left; and called the name of that on the right hand Jachin, and the name of that on the left Boaz.	
2 Chronicles 3:7	He overlaid also the house, the beams, the posts, and the walls thereof, and the doors thereof, with gold; and graved cherubim on the walls.	
2 Chronicles 4:11	And Huram made the pots, and the shovels, and the basins. And Huram finished the work that he was to make for king Solomon for the house of God;	
2 Chronicles 4:17	In the plain of Jordan did the king cast them, in the clay ground between Succoth and Zeredathah.	
2 Chronicles 4:19	And Solomon made all the vessels that were for the house of God, the golden altar also, and the tables whereon the shewbread was set;	
2 Chronicles 4:22	And the snuffers, and the basins, and the spoons, and the censers, of pure gold: and the entry of the house, the inner doors thereof for the most holy place, and the doors of the house of the temple, were of gold.	
2 Chronicles 4:3	And under it was the similitude of oxen, which did compass it round about: ten in a cubit, compassing the sea round about. Two rows of oxen were cast, when it was cast.	
2 Chronicles 4:4	It stood upon twelve oxen, three looking toward the north, and three looking toward the west, and three looking toward the south, and three looking toward the east: and the sea was set above upon them, and all their hinder parts were inward.	
2 Chronicles 5:2	Then Solomon assembled the elders of Israel, and all the heads of the tribes, the chief of the fathers of the children of Israel, unto Jerusalem, to bring up the ark of the covenant of the LORD out of the city of David, which is Zion.	
2 Chronicles 5:6	Also king Solomon, and all the congregation of Israel that were assembled unto him before the ark, sacrificed sheep and oxen, which could not be told nor numbered for multitude.	
2 Chronicles 6:1	Then said Solomon, The LORD hath said that he would dwell in the thick darkness.	
2 Chronicles 6:13	For Solomon had made a brazen scaffold of five cubits long, and five cubits broad, and three cubits high, and had set it in the midst of the court: and upon it he stood, and kneeled down upon his knees before all the congregation of Israel, and spread forth his hands toward heaven.	
2 Chronicles 6:14	And said, O LORD God of Israel, there is no God like thee in the heaven, nor in the earth; which keepest covenant, and showest mercy unto thy servants, that walk before thee with all their hearts:	
2 Chronicles 6:19	Have respect therefore to the prayer of thy servant, and to his supplication, O LORD my God, to hearken unto the cry and the prayer which thy servant prayeth before thee:	
2 Chronicles 6:26	When the heaven is shut up, and there is no rain, because they have sinned against thee; yet if they pray toward this place, and confess thy name, and turn from their sin, when thou dost afflict them;	
2 Chronicles 6:27	Then hear thou from heaven, and forgive the sin of thy servants, and of thy people Israel, when thou hast taught them the good way, wherein they should walk; and send rain upon thy land, which thou hast given unto thy people for an inheritance.	
2 Chronicles 6:31	That they may fear thee, to walk in thy ways, so long as they live in the land which thou gavest unto our fathers.	
2 Chronicles 6:32	Moreover concerning the stranger, which is not of thy people Israel, but is come from a far country for thy great name's sake, and thy mighty hand, and thy stretched out arm; if they come and pray in this house;	
2 Chronicles 6:33	Then hear thou from the heavens, even from thy dwelling place, and do according to all that the stranger calleth to thee for; that all people of the earth may know thy name, and fear thee, as doth thy people Israel, and may know that this house which I have built is called by thy name.	
2 Chronicles 6:39	Then hear thou from the heavens, even from thy dwelling place, their prayer and their supplications, and maintain their cause, and forgive thy people which have sinned against thee.	
2 Chronicles 6:6	But I have chosen Jerusalem, that my name might be there; and have chosen David to be over my people Israel.	
2 Chronicles 6:7	Now it was in the heart of David my father to build an house for the name of the LORD God of Israel.	
2 Chronicles 7:1	Now when Solomon had made an end of praying, the fire came down from heaven, and consumed the burnt offering and the sacrifices; and the glory of the LORD filled the house.	
2 Chronicles 7:10	And on the three and twentieth day of the seventh month he sent the people away into their tents, glad and merry in heart for the goodness that the LORD had showed unto David, and to Solomon, and to Israel his people.	
2 Chronicles 7:11	Thus Solomon finished the house of the LORD, and the king's house: and all that came into Solomon's heart to make in the house of the LORD, and in his own house, he prosperously effected.	
2 Chronicles 7:5	And king Solomon offered a sacrifice of twenty and two thousand oxen, and an hundred and twenty thousand sheep: so the king and all the people dedicated the house of God.	
2 Chronicles 7:8	Also at the same time Solomon kept the feast seven days, and all Israel with him, a very great congregation, from the entering in of Hamath unto the river of Egypt.	
2 Chronicles 8:1	And it came to pass at the end of twenty years, wherein Solomon had built the house of the LORD, and his own house,	
2 Chronicles 8:15	And they departed not from the commandment of the king unto the priests and Levites concerning any matter, or concerning the treasures.	
2 Chronicles 8:5	Also he built Bethhoron the upper, and Bethhoron the nether, fenced cities, with walls, gates, and bars;	
2 Chronicles 8:9	But of the children of Israel did Solomon make no servants for his work; but they were men of war, and chief of his captains, and captains of his chariots and horsemen.	
2 Chronicles 9:1	And when the queen of Sheba heard of the fame of Solomon, she came to prove Solomon with hard questions at Jerusalem, with a very great company, and camels that bare spices, and gold in abundance, and precious stones: and when she was come to Solomon, she communed with him of all that was in her heart.	
2 Chronicles 9:17	Moreover the king made a great throne of ivory, and overlaid it with pure gold.	
2 Chronicles 9:23	And all the kings of the earth sought the presence of Solomon, to hear his wisdom, that God had put in his heart.	
2 Chronicles 9:24	And they brought every man his present, vessels of silver, and vessels of gold, and raiment, harness, and spices, horses, and mules, a rate year by year.	
2 Chronicles 9:26	And he reigned over all the kings from the river even unto the land of the Philistines, and to the border of Egypt.	
2 Chronicles 9:28	And they brought unto Solomon horses out of Egypt, and out of all lands.	
2 Chronicles 9:29	Now the rest of the acts of Solomon, first and last, are they not written in the book of Nathan the prophet, and in the prophecy of Ahijah the Shilonite, and in the visions of Iddo the seer against Jeroboam the son of Nebat?	
2 Chronicles 9:4	And the meat of his table, and the sitting of his servants, and the attendance of his ministers, and their apparel; his cupbearers also, and their apparel; and his ascent by which he went up into the house of the LORD; there was no more spirit in her.	
2 Chronicles 9:8	Blessed be the LORD thy God, which delighted in thee to set thee on his throne, to be king for the LORD thy God: because thy God loved Israel, to establish them for ever, therefore made he thee king over them, to do judgment and justice.	
2 Corinthians 10:1	Now I Paul myself beseech you by the meekness and gentleness of Christ, who in presence am base among you, but being absent am bold toward you:	
2 Corinthians 10:11	Let such an one think this, that, such as we are in word by letters when we are absent, such will we be also in deed when we are present.	
2 Corinthians 10:14	For we stretch not ourselves beyond our measure, as though we reached not unto you: for we are come as far as to you also in preaching the gospel of Christ:	
2 Corinthians 10:17	But he that glorieth, let him glory in the Lord.	
2 Corinthians 10:18	For not he that commendeth himself is approved, but whom the Lord commendeth.	
2 Corinthians 10:6	And having in a readiness to revenge all disobedience, when your obedience is fulfilled.	
2 Corinthians 10:9	That I may not seem as if I would terrify you by letters.	
2 Corinthians 11:14	And no marvel; for Satan himself is transformed into an angel of light.	
2 Corinthians 11:21	I speak as concerning reproach, as though we had been weak. Howbeit whereinsoever any is bold, (I speak foolishly,) I am bold also.	
2 Corinthians 11:29	Who is weak, and I am not weak? who is offended, and I burn not?	
2 Corinthians 11:31	The God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, which is blessed for evermore, knoweth that I lie not.	
2 Corinthians 11:5	For I suppose I was not a whit behind the very chiefest apostles.	
2 Corinthians 11:6	But though I be rude in speech, yet not in knowledge; but we have been throughly made manifest among you in all things.	
2 Corinthians 12:1	It is not expedient for me doubtless to glory. I will come to visions and revelations of the Lord.	
2 Corinthians 12:16	But be it so, I did not burden you: nevertheless, being crafty, I caught you with guile.	
2 Corinthians 12:19	Again, think ye that we excuse ourselves unto you? we speak before God in Christ: but we do all things, dearly beloved, for your edifying.	
2 Corinthians 12:2	I knew a man in Christ above fourteen years ago, (whether in the body, I cannot tell; or whether out of the body, I cannot tell: God knoweth;) such an one caught up to the third heaven.	
2 Corinthians 12:5	Of such an one will I glory: yet of myself I will not glory, but in mine infirmities.	
2 Corinthians 13:14	The grace of the Lord Jesus Christ, and the love of God, and the communion of the Holy Ghost, be with you all. Amen.	
2 Corinthians 13:4	For though he was crucified through weakness, yet he liveth by the power of God. For we also are weak in him, but we shall live with him by the power of God toward you.	
2 Corinthians 13:6	But I trust that ye shall know that we are not reprobates.	
2 Corinthians 1:1	Paul, an apostle of Jesus Christ by the will of God, and Timothy our brother, unto the church of God which is at Corinth, with all the saints which are in all Achaia:	
2 Corinthians 1:11	Ye also helping together by prayer for us, that for the gift bestowed upon us by the means of many persons thanks may be given by many on our behalf.	
2 Corinthians 1:17	When I therefore was thus minded, did I use lightness? or the things that I purpose, do I purpose according to the flesh, that with me there should be yea yea, and nay nay?	
2 Corinthians 1:18	But as God is true, our word toward you was not yea and nay.	
2 Corinthians 1:21	Now he which stablisheth us with you in Christ, and hath anointed us, is God;	
2 Corinthians 1:22	Who hath also sealed us, and given the earnest of the Spirit in our hearts.	
2 Corinthians 1:4	Who comforteth us in all our tribulation, that we may be able to comfort them which are in any trouble, by the comfort wherewith we ourselves are comforted of God.	
2 Corinthians 1:7	And our hope of you is stedfast, knowing, that as ye are partakers of the sufferings, so shall ye be also of the consolation.	
2 Corinthians 2:1	But I determined this with myself, that I would not come again to you in heaviness.	
2 Corinthians 2:12	Furthermore, when I came to Troas to preach Christ's gospel, and a door was opened unto me of the Lord,	
2 Corinthians 2:17	For we are not as many, which corrupt the word of God: but as of sincerity, but as of God, in the sight of God speak we in Christ.	
2 Corinthians 2:2	For if I make you sorry, who is he then that maketh me glad, but the same which is made sorry by me?	
2 Corinthians 2:5	But if any have caused grief, he hath not grieved me, but in part: that I may not overcharge you all.	
2 Corinthians 3:13	And not as Moses, which put a vail over his face, that the children of Israel could not stedfastly look to the end of that which is abolished:	
2 Corinthians 3:18	But we all, with open face beholding as in a glass the glory of the Lord, are changed into the same image from glory to glory, even as by the Spirit of the Lord.	
2 Corinthians 3:8	How shall not the ministration of the spirit be rather glorious?	
2 Corinthians 3:9	For if the ministration of condemnation be glory, much more doth the ministration of righteousness exceed in glory.	
2 Corinthians 4:13	We having the same spirit of faith, according as it is written, I believed, and therefore have I spoken; we also believe, and therefore speak;	
2 Corinthians 4:3	But if our gospel be hid, it is hid to them that are lost:	
2 Corinthians 4:5	For we preach not ourselves, but Christ Jesus the Lord; and ourselves your servants for Jesus' sake.	
2 Corinthians 4:7	But we have this treasure in earthen vessels, that the excellency of the power may be of God, and not of us.	
2 Corinthians 5:18	And all things are of God, who hath reconciled us to himself by Jesus Christ, and hath given to us the ministry of reconciliation;	
2 Corinthians 5:19	To wit, that God was in Christ, reconciling the world unto himself, not imputing their trespasses unto them; and hath committed unto us the word of reconciliation.	
2 Corinthians 5:20	Now then we are ambassadors for Christ, as though God did beseech you by us: we pray you in Christ's stead, be ye reconciled to God.	
2 Corinthians 5:7	(For we walk by faith, not by sight:)	
2 Corinthians 6:11	O ye Corinthians, our mouth is open unto you, our heart is enlarged.	
2 Corinthians 6:14	Be ye not unequally yoked together with unbelievers: for what fellowship hath righteousness with unrighteousness? and what communion hath light with darkness?	
2 Corinthians 6:2	(For he saith, I have heard thee in a time accepted, and in the day of salvation have I succoured thee: behold, now is the accepted time; behold, now is the day of salvation.)	
2 Corinthians 6:3	Giving no offence in any thing, that the ministry be not blamed:	
2 Corinthians 7:14	For if I have boasted any thing to him of you, I am not ashamed; but as we spake all things to you in truth, even so our boasting, which I made before Titus, is found a truth.	
2 Corinthians 7:16	I rejoice therefore that I have confidence in you in all things.	
2 Corinthians 7:4	Great is my boldness of speech toward you, great is my glorying of you: I am filled with comfort, I am exceeding joyful in all our tribulation.	
2 Corinthians 7:5	For, when we were come into Macedonia, our flesh had no rest, but we were troubled on every side; without were fightings, within were fears.	
2 Corinthians 7:7	And not by his coming only, but by the consolation wherewith he was comforted in you, when he told us your earnest desire, your mourning, your fervent mind toward me; so that I rejoiced the more.	
2 Corinthians 8:1	Moreover, brethren, we do you to wit of the grace of God bestowed on the churches of Macedonia;	
2 Corinthians 8:21	Providing for honest things, not only in the sight of the Lord, but also in the sight of men.	
2 Corinthians 8:24	Wherefore shew ye to them, and before the churches, the proof of your love, and of our boasting on your behalf.	
2 Corinthians 8:5	And this they did, not as we hoped, but first gave their own selves to the Lord, and unto us by the will of God.	
2 Corinthians 9:15	Thanks be unto God for his unspeakable gift.	
2 Corinthians 9:7	Every man according as he purposeth in his heart, so let him give; not grudgingly, or of necessity: for God loveth a cheerful giver.	
2 John 1:10	If there come any unto you, and bring not this doctrine, receive him not into your house, neither bid him God speed:	
2 John 1:13	The children of thy elect sister greet thee. Amen.	
2 Kings 10:12	And he arose and departed, and came to Samaria. And as he was at the shearing house in the way,	
2 Kings 10:13	Jehu met with the brethren of Ahaziah king of Judah, and said, Who are ye? And they answered, We are the brethren of Ahaziah; and we go down to salute the children of the king and the children of the queen.	
2 Kings 10:2	Now as soon as this letter cometh to you, seeing your master's sons are with you, and there are with you chariots and horses, a fenced city also, and armor;	
2 Kings 10:22	And he said unto him that was over the vestry, Bring forth vestments for all the worshippers of Baal. And he brought them forth vestments.	
2 Kings 10:26	And they brought forth the images out of the house of Baal, and burned them.	
2 Kings 10:29	Howbeit from the sins of Jeroboam the son of Nebat, who made Israel to sin, Jehu departed not from after them, to wit, the golden calves that were in Bethel, and that were in Dan.	
2 Kings 10:35	And Jehu slept with his fathers: and they buried him in Samaria. And Jehoahaz his son reigned in his stead.	
2 Kings 10:36	And the time that Jehu reigned over Israel in Samaria was twenty and eight years.	
2 Kings 10:6	Then he wrote a letter the second time to them, saying, If ye be mine, and if ye will hearken unto my voice, take ye the heads of the men your master's sons, and come to me to Jezreel by to morrow this time. Now the king's sons, being seventy persons, were with the great men of the city, which brought them up.	
2 Kings 10:7	And it came to pass, when the letter came to them, that they took the king's sons, and slew seventy persons, and put their heads in baskets, and sent him them to Jezreel.	
2 Kings 11:1	And when Athaliah the mother of Ahaziah saw that her son was dead, she arose and destroyed all the seed royal.	
2 Kings 11:13	And when Athaliah heard the noise of the guard and of the people, she came to the people into the temple of the LORD.	
2 Kings 11:18	And all the people of the land went into the house of Baal, and brake it down; his altars and his images brake they in pieces thoroughly, and slew Mattan the priest of Baal before the altars. And the priest appointed officers over the house of the LORD.	
2 Kings 11:20	And all the people of the land rejoiced, and the city was in quiet: and they slew Athaliah with the sword beside the king's house.	
2 Kings 11:4	And the seventh year Jehoiada sent and fetched the rulers over hundreds, with the captains and the guard, and brought them to him into the house of the LORD, and made a covenant with them, and took an oath of them in the house of the LORD, and showed them the king's son.	
2 Kings 11:6	And a third part shall be at the gate of Sur; and a third part at the gate behind the guard: so shall ye keep the watch of the house, that it be not broken down.	
2 Kings 11:7	And two parts of all you that go forth on the sabbath, even they shall keep the watch of the house of the LORD about the king.	
2 Kings 11:8	And ye shall compass the king round about, every man with his weapons in his hand: and he that cometh within the ranges, let him be slain: and be ye with the king as he goeth out and as he cometh in.	
2 Kings 12:12	And to masons, and hewers of stone, and to buy timber and hewed stone to repair the breaches of the house of the LORD, and for all that was laid out for the house to repair it.	
2 Kings 12:15	Moreover they reckoned not with the men, into whose hand they delivered the money to be bestowed on workmen: for they dealt faithfully.	
2 Kings 12:20	And his servants arose, and made a conspiracy, and slew Joash in the house of Millo, which goeth down to Silla.	
2 Kings 12:21	For Jozachar the son of Shimeath, and Jehozabad the son of Shomer, his servants, smote him, and he died; and they buried him with his fathers in the city of David: and Amaziah his son reigned in his stead.	
2 Kings 12:3	But the high places were not taken away: the people still sacrificed and burnt incense in the high places.	
2 Kings 12:9	But Jehoiada the priest took a chest, and bored a hole in the lid of it, and set it beside the altar, on the right side as one cometh into the house of the LORD: and the priests that kept the door put therein all the money that was brought into the house of the LORD.	
2 Kings 13:10	In the thirty and seventh year of Joash king of Judah began Jehoash the son of Jehoahaz to reign over Israel in Samaria, and reigned sixteen years.	
2 Kings 13:11	And he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD; he departed not from all the sins of Jeroboam the son of Nebat, who made Israel sin: but he walked therein.	
2 Kings 13:13	And Joash slept with his fathers; and Jeroboam sat upon his throne: and Joash was buried in Samaria with the kings of Israel.	
2 Kings 13:14	Now Elisha was fallen sick of his sickness whereof he died. And Joash the king of Israel came down unto him, and wept over his face, and said, O my father, my father, the chariot of Israel, and the horsemen thereof.	
2 Kings 13:18	And he said, Take the arrows. And he took them. And he said unto the king of Israel, Smite upon the ground. And he smote thrice, and stayed.	
2 Kings 13:21	And it came to pass, as they were burying a man, that, behold, they spied a band of men; and they cast the man into the sepulchre of Elisha: and when the man was let down, and touched the bones of Elisha, he revived, and stood up on his feet.	
2 Kings 13:22	But Hazael king of Syria oppressed Israel all the days of Jehoahaz.	
2 Kings 13:25	And Jehoash the son of Jehoahaz took again out of the hand of Benhadad the son of Hazael the cities, which he had taken out of the hand of Jehoahaz his father by war. Three times did Joash beat him, and recovered the cities of Israel.	
2 Kings 13:7	Neither did he leave of the people to Jehoahaz but fifty horsemen, and ten chariots, and ten thousand footmen; for the king of Syria had destroyed them, and had made them like the dust by threshing.	
2 Kings 14:12	And Judah was put to the worse before Israel; and they fled every man to their tents.	
2 Kings 14:16	And Jehoash slept with his fathers, and was buried in Samaria with the kings of Israel; and Jeroboam his son reigned in his stead.	
2 Kings 14:23	In the fifteenth year of Amaziah the son of Joash king of Judah Jeroboam the son of Joash king of Israel began to reign in Samaria, and reigned forty and one years.	
2 Kings 14:3	And he did that which was right in the sight of the LORD, yet not like David his father: he did according to all things as Joash his father did.	
2 Kings 14:5	And it came to pass, as soon as the kingdom was confirmed in his hand, that he slew his servants which had slain the king his father.	
2 Kings 14:7	He slew of Edom in the valley of salt ten thousand, and took Selah by war, and called the name of it Joktheel unto this day.	
2 Kings 15:16	Then Menahem smote Tiphsah, and all that were therein, and the coasts thereof from Tirzah: because they opened not to him, therefore he smote it; and all the women therein that were with child he ripped up.	
2 Kings 15:2	Sixteen years old was he when he began to reign, and he reigned two and fifty years in Jerusalem. And his mother's name was Jecholiah of Jerusalem.	
2 Kings 15:23	In the fiftieth year of Azariah king of Judah Pekahiah the son of Menahem began to reign over Israel in Samaria, and reigned two years.	
2 Kings 15:24	And he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD: he departed not from the sins of Jeroboam the son of Nebat, who made Israel to sin.	
2 Kings 15:26	And the rest of the acts of Pekahiah, and all that he did, behold, they are written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel.	
2 Kings 15:28	And he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD: he departed not from the sins of Jeroboam the son of Nebat, who made Israel to sin.	
2 Kings 15:31	And the rest of the acts of Pekah, and all that he did, behold, they are written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel.	
2 Kings 15:35	Howbeit the high places were not removed: the people sacrificed and burned incense still in the high places. He built the higher gate of the house of the LORD.	
2 Kings 16:1	In the seventeenth year of Pekah the son of Remaliah Ahaz the son of Jotham king of Judah began to reign.	
2 Kings 17:16	And they left all the commandments of the LORD their God, and made them molten images, even two calves, and made a grove, and worshipped all the host of heaven, and served Baal.	
2 Kings 17:18	Therefore the LORD was very angry with Israel, and removed them out of his sight: there was none left but the tribe of Judah only.	
2 Kings 17:19	Also Judah kept not the commandments of the LORD their God, but walked in the statutes of Israel which they made.	
2 Kings 17:22	For the children of Israel walked in all the sins of Jeroboam which he did; they departed not from them;	
2 Kings 17:25	And so it was at the beginning of their dwelling there, that they feared not the LORD: therefore the LORD sent lions among them, which slew some of them.	
2 Kings 17:26	Wherefore they spake to the king of Assyria, saying, The nations which thou hast removed, and placed in the cities of Samaria, know not the manner of the God of the land: therefore he hath sent lions among them, and, behold, they slay them, because they know not the manner of the God of the land.	
2 Kings 17:31	And the Avites made Nibhaz and Tartak, and the Sepharvites burnt their children in fire to Adrammelech and Anammelech, the gods of Sepharvaim.	
2 Kings 17:32	So they feared the LORD, and made unto themselves of the lowest of them priests of the high places, which sacrificed for them in the houses of the high places.	
2 Kings 17:37	And the statutes, and the ordinances, and the law, and the commandment, which he wrote for you, ye shall observe to do for evermore; and ye shall not fear other gods.	
2 Kings 17:39	But the LORD your God ye shall fear; and he shall deliver you out of the hand of all your enemies.	
2 Kings 17:7	For so it was, that the children of Israel had sinned against the LORD their God, which had brought them up out of the land of Egypt, from under the hand of Pharaoh king of Egypt, and had feared other gods,	
2 Kings 18:18	And when they had called to the king, there came out to them Eliakim the son of Hilkiah, which was over the household, and Shebna the scribe, and Joah the son of Asaph the recorder.	
2 Kings 18:22	But if ye say unto me, We trust in the LORD our God: is not that he, whose high places and whose altars Hezekiah hath taken away, and hath said to Judah and Jerusalem, Ye shall worship before this altar in Jerusalem?	
2 Kings 18:23	Now therefore, I pray thee, give pledges to my lord the king of Assyria, and I will deliver thee two thousand horses, if thou be able on thy part to set riders upon them.	
2 Kings 18:28	Then Rabshakeh stood and cried with a loud voice in the Jews' language, and spake, saying, Hear the word of the great king, the king of Assyria:	
2 Kings 18:30	Neither let Hezekiah make you trust in the LORD, saying, The LORD will surely deliver us, and this city shall not be delivered into the hand of the king of Assyria.	
2 Kings 18:36	But the people held their peace, and answered him not a word: for the king's commandment was, saying, Answer him not.	
2 Kings 18:37	Then came Eliakim the son of Hilkiah, which was over the household, and Shebna the scribe, and Joah the son of Asaph the recorder, to Hezekiah with their clothes rent, and told him the words of Rabshakeh.	
2 Kings 18:4	He removed the high places, and brake the images, and cut down the groves, and brake in pieces the brazen serpent that Moses had made: for unto those days the children of Israel did burn incense to it: and he called it Nehushtan.	
2 Kings 18:5	He trusted in the LORD God of Israel; so that after him was none like him among all the kings of Judah, nor any that were before him.	
2 Kings 18:9	And it came to pass in the fourth year of king Hezekiah, which was the seventh year of Hoshea son of Elah king of Israel, that Shalmaneser king of Assyria came up against Samaria, and besieged it.	
2 Kings 19:1	And it came to pass, when king Hezekiah heard it, that he rent his clothes, and covered himself with sackcloth, and went into the house of the LORD.	
2 Kings 19:11	Behold, thou hast heard what the kings of Assyria have done to all lands, by destroying them utterly: and shalt thou be delivered?	
2 Kings 19:13	Where is the king of Hamath, and the king of Arpad, and the king of the city of Sepharvaim, of Hena, and Ivah?	
2 Kings 19:22	Whom hast thou reproached and blasphemed? and against whom hast thou exalted thy voice, and lifted up thine eyes on high? even against the Holy One of Israel.	
2 Kings 19:23	By thy messengers thou hast reproached the LORD, and hast said, With the multitude of my chariots I am come up to the height of the mountains, to the sides of Lebanon, and will cut down the tall cedar trees thereof, and the choice fir trees thereof: and I will enter into the lodgings of his borders, and into the forest of his Carmel.	
2 Kings 19:25	Hast thou not heard long ago how I have done it, and of ancient times that I have formed it? now have I brought it to pass, that thou shouldest be to lay waste fenced cities into ruinous heaps.	
2 Kings 19:26	Therefore their inhabitants were of small power, they were dismayed and confounded; they were as the grass of the field, and as the green herb, as the grass on the house tops, and as corn blasted before it be grown up.	
2 Kings 19:29	And this shall be a sign unto thee, Ye shall eat this year such things as grow of themselves, and in the second year that which springeth of the same; and in the third year sow ye, and reap, and plant vineyards, and eat the fruits thereof.	
2 Kings 19:32	Therefore thus saith the LORD concerning the king of Assyria, He shall not come into this city, nor shoot an arrow there, nor come before it with shield, nor cast a bank against it.	
2 Kings 1:12	And Elijah answered and said unto them, If I be a man of God, let fire come down from heaven, and consume thee and thy fifty. And the fire of God came down from heaven, and consumed him and his fifty.	
2 Kings 1:18	Now the rest of the acts of Ahaziah which he did, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?	
2 Kings 1:2	And Ahaziah fell down through a lattice in his upper chamber that was in Samaria, and was sick: and he sent messengers, and said unto them, Go, enquire of Baalzebub the god of Ekron whether I shall recover of this disease.	
2 Kings 1:5	And when the messengers turned back unto him, he said unto them, Why are ye now turned back?	
2 Kings 1:6	And they said unto him, There came a man up to meet us, and said unto us, Go, turn again unto the king that sent you, and say unto him, Thus saith the LORD, Is it not because there is not a God in Israel, that thou sendest to enquire of Baalzebub the god of Ekron? therefore thou shalt not come down from that bed on which thou art gone up, but shalt surely die.	
2 Kings 20:1	In those days was Hezekiah sick unto death. And the prophet Isaiah the son of Amoz came to him, and said unto him, Thus saith the LORD, Set thine house in order; for thou shalt die, and not live.	
2 Kings 20:11	And Isaiah the prophet cried unto the LORD: and he brought the shadow ten degrees backward, by which it had gone down in the dial of Ahaz.	
2 Kings 20:16	And Isaiah said unto Hezekiah, Hear the word of the LORD.	
2 Kings 20:3	I beseech thee, O LORD, remember now how I have walked before thee in truth and with a perfect heart, and have done that which is good in thy sight. And Hezekiah wept sore.	
2 Kings 20:7	And Isaiah said, Take a lump of figs. And they took and laid it on the boil, and he recovered.	
2 Kings 20:8	And Hezekiah said unto Isaiah, What shall be the sign that the LORD will heal me, and that I shall go up into the house of the LORD the third day?	
2 Kings 21:1	Manasseh was twelve years old when he began to reign, and reigned fifty and five years in Jerusalem. And his mother's name was Hephzibah.	
2 Kings 21:11	Because Manasseh king of Judah hath done these abominations, and hath done wickedly above all that the Amorites did, which were before him, and hath made Judah also to sin with his idols:	
2 Kings 21:13	And I will stretch over Jerusalem the line of Samaria, and the plummet of the house of Ahab: and I will wipe Jerusalem as a man wipeth a dish, wiping it, and turning it upside down.	
2 Kings 21:19	Amon was twenty and two years old when he began to reign, and he reigned two years in Jerusalem. And his mother's name was Meshullemeth, the daughter of Haruz of Jotbah.	
2 Kings 21:2	And he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD, after the abominations of the heathen, whom the LORD cast out before the children of Israel.	
2 Kings 21:5	And he built altars for all the host of heaven in the two courts of the house of the LORD.	
2 Kings 21:8	Neither will I make the feet of Israel move any more out of the land which I gave their fathers; only if they will observe to do according to all that I have commanded them, and according to all the law that my servant Moses commanded them.	
2 Kings 21:9	But they hearkened not: and Manasseh seduced them to do more evil than did the nations whom the LORD destroyed before the children of Israel.	
2 Kings 22:14	So Hilkiah the priest, and Ahikam, and Achbor, and Shaphan, and Asahiah, went unto Huldah the prophetess, the wife of Shallum the son of Tikvah, the son of Harhas, keeper of the wardrobe; (now she dwelt in Jerusalem in the college;) and they communed with her.	
2 Kings 22:15	And she said unto them, Thus saith the LORD God of Israel, Tell the man that sent you to me,	
2 Kings 22:16	Thus saith the LORD, Behold, I will bring evil upon this place, and upon the inhabitants thereof, even all the words of the book which the king of Judah hath read:	
2 Kings 22:8	And Hilkiah the high priest said unto Shaphan the scribe, I have found the book of the law in the house of the LORD. And Hilkiah gave the book to Shaphan, and he read it.	
2 Kings 23:11	And he took away the horses that the kings of Judah had given to the sun, at the entering in of the house of the LORD, by the chamber of Nathanmelech the chamberlain, which was in the suburbs, and burned the chariots of the sun with fire.	
2 Kings 23:13	And the high places that were before Jerusalem, which were on the right hand of the mount of corruption, which Solomon the king of Israel had builded for Ashtoreth the abomination of the Zidonians, and for Chemosh the abomination of the Moabites, and for Milcom the abomination of the children of Ammon, did the king defile.	
2 Kings 23:16	And as Josiah turned himself, he spied the sepulchres that were there in the mount, and sent, and took the bones out of the sepulchres, and burned them upon the altar, and polluted it, according to the word of the LORD which the man of God proclaimed, who proclaimed these words.	
2 Kings 23:17	Then he said, What title is that that I see? And the men of the city told him, It is the sepulchre of the man of God, which came from Judah, and proclaimed these things that thou hast done against the altar of Bethel.	
2 Kings 23:18	And he said, Let him alone; let no man move his bones. So they let his bones alone, with the bones of the prophet that came out of Samaria.	
2 Kings 23:21	And the king commanded all the people, saying, Keep the passover unto the LORD your God, as it is written in the book of this covenant.	
2 Kings 23:23	But in the eighteenth year of king Josiah, wherein this passover was holden to the LORD in Jerusalem.	
2 Kings 23:3	And the king stood by a pillar, and made a covenant before the LORD, to walk after the LORD, and to keep his commandments and his testimonies and his statutes with all their heart and all their soul, to perform the words of this covenant that were written in this book. And all the people stood to the covenant.	
2 Kings 23:36	Jehoiakim was twenty and five years old when he began to reign; and he reigned eleven years in Jerusalem. And his mother's name was Zebudah, the daughter of Pedaiah of Rumah.	
2 Kings 23:5	And he put down the idolatrous priests, whom the kings of Judah had ordained to burn incense in the high places in the cities of Judah, and in the places round about Jerusalem; them also that burned incense unto Baal, to the sun, and to the moon, and to the planets, and to all the host of heaven.	
2 Kings 24:12	And Jehoiachin the king of Judah went out to the king of Babylon, he, and his mother, and his servants, and his princes, and his officers: and the king of Babylon took him in the eighth year of his reign.	
2 Kings 24:14	And he carried away all Jerusalem, and all the princes, and all the mighty men of valor, even ten thousand captives, and all the craftsmen and smiths: none remained, save the poorest sort of the people of the land.	
2 Kings 24:15	And he carried away Jehoiachin to Babylon, and the king's mother, and the king's wives, and his officers, and the mighty of the land, those carried he into captivity from Jerusalem to Babylon.	
2 Kings 24:16	And all the men of might, even seven thousand, and craftsmen and smiths a thousand, all that were strong and apt for war, even them the king of Babylon brought captive to Babylon.	
2 Kings 24:5	Now the rest of the acts of Jehoiakim, and all that he did, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?	
2 Kings 24:9	And he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD, according to all that his father had done.	
2 Kings 25:2	And the city was besieged unto the eleventh year of king Zedekiah.	
2 Kings 25:24	And Gedaliah sware to them, and to their men, and said unto them, Fear not to be the servants of the Chaldees: dwell in the land, and serve the king of Babylon; and it shall be well with you.	
2 Kings 25:25	But it came to pass in the seventh month, that Ishmael the son of Nethaniah, the son of Elishama, of the seed royal, came, and ten men with him, and smote Gedaliah, that he died, and the Jews and the Chaldees that were with him at Mizpah.	
2 Kings 25:27	And it came to pass in the seven and thirtieth year of the captivity of Jehoiachin king of Judah, in the twelfth month, on the seven and twentieth day of the month, that Evilmerodach king of Babylon in the year that he began to reign did lift up the head of Jehoiachin king of Judah out of prison;	
2 Kings 25:29	And changed his prison garments: and he did eat bread continually before him all the days of his life.	
2 Kings 25:8	And in the fifth month, on the seventh day of the month, which is the nineteenth year of king Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon, came Nebuzaradan, captain of the guard, a servant of the king of Babylon, unto Jerusalem:	
2 Kings 2:18	And when they came again to him, (for he tarried at Jericho,) he said unto them, Did I not say unto you, Go not?	
2 Kings 2:2	And Elijah said unto Elisha, Tarry here, I pray thee; for the LORD hath sent me to Bethel. And Elisha said unto him, As the LORD liveth, and as thy soul liveth, I will not leave thee. So they went down to Bethel.	
2 Kings 2:20	And he said, Bring me a new cruse, and put salt therein. And they brought it to him.	
2 Kings 2:22	So the waters were healed unto this day, according to the saying of Elisha which he spake.	
2 Kings 2:3	And the sons of the prophets that were at Bethel came forth to Elisha, and said unto him, Knowest thou that the LORD will take away thy master from thy head to day? And he said, Yea, I know it; hold ye your peace.	
2 Kings 2:9	And it came to pass, when they were gone over, that Elijah said unto Elisha, Ask what I shall do for thee, before I be taken away from thee. And Elisha said, I pray thee, let a double portion of thy spirit be upon me.	
2 Kings 3:1	Now Jehoram the son of Ahab began to reign over Israel in Samaria the eighteenth year of Jehoshaphat king of Judah, and reigned twelve years.	
2 Kings 3:13	And Elisha said unto the king of Israel, What have I to do with thee? get thee to the prophets of thy father, and to the prophets of thy mother. And the king of Israel said unto him, Nay: for the LORD hath called these three kings together, to deliver them into the hand of Moab.	
2 Kings 3:14	And Elisha said, As the LORD of hosts liveth, before whom I stand, surely, were it not that I regard the presence of Jehoshaphat the king of Judah, I would not look toward thee, nor see thee.	
2 Kings 3:16	And he said, Thus saith the LORD, Make this valley full of ditches.	
2 Kings 3:18	And this is but a light thing in the sight of the LORD: he will deliver the Moabites also into your hand.	
2 Kings 3:19	And ye shall smite every fenced city, and every choice city, and shall fell every good tree, and stop all wells of water, and mar every good piece of land with stones.	
2 Kings 3:2	And he wrought evil in the sight of the LORD; but not like his father, and like his mother: for he put away the image of Baal that his father had made.	
2 Kings 3:5	But it came to pass, when Ahab was dead, that the king of Moab rebelled against the king of Israel.	
2 Kings 3:8	And he said, Which way shall we go up? And he answered, The way through the wilderness of Edom.	
2 Kings 4:10	Let us make a little chamber, I pray thee, on the wall; and let us set for him there a bed, and a table, and a stool, and a candlestick: and it shall be, when he cometh to us, that he shall turn in thither.	
2 Kings 4:11	And it fell on a day, that he came thither, and he turned into the chamber, and lay there.	
2 Kings 4:22	And she called unto her husband, and said, Send me, I pray thee, one of the young men, and one of the asses, that I may run to the man of God, and come again.	
2 Kings 4:24	Then she saddled an ass, and said to her servant, Drive, and go forward; slack not thy riding for me, except I bid thee.	
2 Kings 4:25	So she went and came unto the man of God to mount Carmel. And it came to pass, when the man of God saw her afar off, that he said to Gehazi his servant, Behold, yonder is that Shunammite:	
2 Kings 4:3	Then he said, Go, borrow thee vessels abroad of all thy neighbors, even empty vessels; borrow not a few.	
2 Kings 4:34	And he went up, and lay upon the child, and put his mouth upon his mouth, and his eyes upon his eyes, and his hands upon his hands: and stretched himself upon the child; and the flesh of the child waxed warm.	
2 Kings 4:35	Then he returned, and walked in the house to and fro; and went up, and stretched himself upon him: and the child sneezed seven times, and the child opened his eyes.	
2 Kings 4:4	And when thou art come in, thou shalt shut the door upon thee and upon thy sons, and shalt pour out into all those vessels, and thou shalt set aside that which is full.	
2 Kings 4:41	But he said, Then bring meal. And he cast it into the pot; and he said, Pour out for the people, that they may eat. And there was no harm in the pot.	
2 Kings 4:42	And there came a man from Baalshalisha, and brought the man of God bread of the firstfruits, twenty loaves of barley, and full ears of corn in the husk thereof. And he said, Give unto the people, that they may eat.	
2 Kings 5:16	But he said, As the LORD liveth, before whom I stand, I will receive none. And he urged him to take it; but he refused.	
2 Kings 5:18	In this thing the LORD pardon thy servant, that when my master goeth into the house of Rimmon to worship there, and he leaneth on my hand, and I bow myself in the house of Rimmon: when I bow down myself in the house of Rimmon, the LORD pardon thy servant in this thing.	
2 Kings 5:19	And he said unto him, Go in peace. So he departed from him a little way.	
2 Kings 5:2	And the Syrians had gone out by companies, and had brought away captive out of the land of Israel a little maid; and she waited on Naaman's wife.	
2 Kings 5:22	And he said, All is well. My master hath sent me, saying, Behold, even now there be come to me from mount Ephraim two young men of the sons of the prophets: give them, I pray thee, a talent of silver, and two changes of garments.	
2 Kings 5:23	And Naaman said, Be content, take two talents. And he urged him, and bound two talents of silver in two bags, with two changes of garments, and laid them upon two of his servants; and they bare them before him.	
2 Kings 5:8	And it was so, when Elisha the man of God had heard that the king of Israel had rent his clothes, that he sent to the king, saying, Wherefore hast thou rent thy clothes? let him come now to me, and he shall know that there is a prophet in Israel.	
2 Kings 6:17	And Elisha prayed, and said, LORD, I pray thee, open his eyes, that he may see. And the LORD opened the eyes of the young man; and he saw: and, behold, the mountain was full of horses and chariots of fire round about Elisha.	
2 Kings 6:18	And when they came down to him, Elisha prayed unto the LORD, and said, Smite this people, I pray thee, with blindness. And he smote them with blindness according to the word of Elisha.	
2 Kings 6:19	And Elisha said unto them, This is not the way, neither is this the city: follow me, and I will bring you to the man whom ye seek. But he led them to Samaria.	
2 Kings 6:20	And it came to pass, when they were come into Samaria, that Elisha said, LORD, open the eyes of these men, that they may see. And the LORD opened their eyes, and they saw; and, behold, they were in the midst of Samaria.	
2 Kings 6:22	And he answered, Thou shalt not smite them: wouldest thou smite those whom thou hast taken captive with thy sword and with thy bow? set bread and water before them, that they may eat and drink, and go to their master.	
2 Kings 6:26	And as the king of Israel was passing by upon the wall, there cried a woman unto him, saying, Help, my lord, O king.	
2 Kings 6:33	And while he yet talked with them, behold, the messenger came down unto him: and he said, Behold, this evil is of the LORD; what should I wait for the LORD any longer?	
2 Kings 6:6	And the man of God said, Where fell it? And he showed him the place. And he cut down a stick, and cast it in thither; and the iron did swim.	
2 Kings 7:19	And that lord answered the man of God, and said, Now, behold, if the LORD should make windows in heaven, might such a thing be? And he said, Behold, thou shalt see it with thine eyes, but shalt not eat thereof.	
2 Kings 7:3	And there were four leprous men at the entering in of the gate: and they said one to another, Why sit we here until we die?	
2 Kings 7:5	And they rose up in the twilight, to go unto the camp of the Syrians: and when they were come to the uttermost part of the camp of Syria, behold, there was no man there.	
2 Kings 7:6	For the LORD had made the host of the Syrians to hear a noise of chariots, and a noise of horses, even the noise of a great host: and they said one to another, Lo, the king of Israel hath hired against us the kings of the Hittites, and the kings of the Egyptians, to come upon us.	
2 Kings 7:8	And when these lepers came to the uttermost part of the camp, they went into one tent, and did eat and drink, and carried thence silver, and gold, and raiment, and went and hid it; and came again, and entered into another tent, and carried thence also, and went and hid it.	
2 Kings 7:9	Then they said one to another, We do not well: this day is a day of good tidings, and we hold our peace: if we tarry till the morning light, some mischief will come upon us: now therefore come, that we may go and tell the king's household.	
2 Kings 8:13	And Hazael said, But what, is thy servant a dog, that he should do this great thing? And Elisha answered, The LORD hath showed me that thou shalt be king over Syria.	
2 Kings 8:20	In his days Edom revolted from under the hand of Judah, and made a king over themselves.	
2 Kings 8:7	And Elisha came to Damascus; and Benhadad the king of Syria was sick; and it was told him, saying, The man of God is come hither.	
2 Kings 9:10	And the dogs shall eat Jezebel in the portion of Jezreel, and there shall be none to bury her. And he opened the door, and fled.	
2 Kings 9:15	But king Joram was returned to be healed in Jezreel of the wounds which the Syrians had given him, when he fought with Hazael king of Syria.) And Jehu said, If it be your minds, then let none go forth nor escape out of the city to go to tell it in Jezreel.	
2 Kings 9:18	So there went one on horseback to meet him, and said, Thus saith the king, Is it peace? And Jehu said, What hast thou to do with peace? turn thee behind me. And the watchman told, saying, The messenger came to them, but he cometh not again.	
2 Kings 9:20	And the watchman told, saying, He came even unto them, and cometh not again: and the driving is like the driving of Jehu the son of Nimshi; for he driveth furiously.	
2 Kings 9:23	And Joram turned his hands, and fled, and said to Ahaziah, There is treachery, O Ahaziah.	
2 Kings 9:24	And Jehu drew a bow with his full strength, and smote Jehoram between his arms, and the arrow went out at his heart, and he sunk down in his chariot.	
2 Kings 9:27	But when Ahaziah the king of Judah saw this, he fled by the way of the garden house. And Jehu followed after him, and said, Smite him also in the chariot. And they did so at the going up to Gur, which is by Ibleam. And he fled to Megiddo, and died there.	
2 Kings 9:34	And when he was come in, he did eat and drink, and said, Go, see now this cursed woman, and bury her: for she is a king's daughter.	
2 Kings 9:35	And they went to bury her: but they found no more of her than the skull, and the feet, and the palms of her hands.	
2 Peter 1:13	Yea, I think it meet, as long as I am in this tabernacle, to stir you up by putting you in remembrance;	
2 Peter 1:14	Knowing that shortly I must put off this my tabernacle, even as our Lord Jesus Christ hath shewed me.	
2 Peter 1:17	For he received from God the Father honour and glory, when there came such a voice to him from the excellent glory, This is my beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased.	
2 Peter 1:18	And this voice which came from heaven we heard, when we were with him in the holy mount.	
2 Peter 1:2	Grace and peace be multiplied unto you through the knowledge of God, and of Jesus our Lord,	
2 Peter 2:10	But chiefly them that walk after the flesh in the lust of uncleanness, and despise government. Presumptuous are they, selfwilled, they are not afraid to speak evil of dignities.	
2 Peter 2:11	Whereas angels, which are greater in power and might, bring not railing accusation against them before the Lord.	
2 Peter 2:15	Which have forsaken the right way, and are gone astray, following the way of Balaam the son of Bosor, who loved the wages of unrighteousness;	
2 Peter 2:17	These are wells without water, clouds that are carried with a tempest; to whom the mist of darkness is reserved for ever.	
2 Peter 2:18	For when they speak great swelling words of vanity, they allure through the lusts of the flesh, through much wantonness, those that were clean escaped from them who live in error.	
2 Peter 2:21	For it had been better for them not to have known the way of righteousness, than, after they have known it, to turn from the holy commandment delivered unto them.	
2 Peter 2:22	But it is happened unto them according to the true proverb, The dog is turned to his own vomit again; and the sow that was washed to her wallowing in the mire.	
2 Peter 3:10	But the day of the Lord will come as a thief in the night; in the which the heavens shall pass away with a great noise, and the elements shall melt with fervent heat, the earth also and the works that are therein shall be burned up.	
2 Peter 3:12	Looking for and hasting unto the coming of the day of God, wherein the heavens being on fire shall be dissolved, and the elements shall melt with fervent heat?	
2 Peter 3:14	Wherefore, beloved, seeing that ye look for such things, be diligent that ye may be found of him in peace, without spot, and blameless.	
2 Peter 3:16	As also in all his epistles, speaking in them of these things; in which are some things hard to be understood, which they that are unlearned and unstable wrest, as they do also the other scriptures, unto their own destruction.	
2 Peter 3:9	The Lord is not slack concerning his promise, as some men count slackness; but is longsuffering to us-ward, not willing that any should perish, but that all should come to repentance.	
2 Samuel 10:1	And it came to pass after this, that the king of the children of Ammon died, and Hanun his son reigned in his stead.	
2 Samuel 10:10	And the rest of the people he delivered into the hand of Abishai his brother, that he might put them in array against the children of Ammon.	
2 Samuel 10:2	Then said David, I will show kindness unto Hanun the son of Nahash, as his father showed kindness unto me. And David sent to comfort him by the hand of his servants for his father. And David's servants came into the land of the children of Ammon.	
2 Samuel 11:10	And when they had told David, saying, Uriah went not down unto his house, David said unto Uriah, Camest thou not from thy journey? why then didst thou not go down unto thine house?	
2 Samuel 11:14	And it came to pass in the morning, that David wrote a letter to Joab, and sent it by the hand of Uriah.	
2 Samuel 11:15	And he wrote in the letter, saying, Set ye Uriah in the forefront of the hottest battle, and retire ye from him, that he may be smitten, and die.	
2 Samuel 11:20	And if so be that the king's wrath arise, and he say unto thee, Wherefore approached ye so nigh unto the city when ye did fight? knew ye not that they would shoot from the wall?	
2 Samuel 11:21	Who smote Abimelech the son of Jerubbesheth? did not a woman cast a piece of a millstone upon him from the wall, that he died in Thebez? why went ye nigh the wall? then say thou, Thy servant Uriah the Hittite is dead also.	
2 Samuel 11:27	And when the mourning was past, David sent and fetched her to his house, and she became his wife, and bare him a son. But the thing that David had done displeased the LORD.	
2 Samuel 11:4	And David sent messengers, and took her; and she came in unto him, and he lay with her; for she was purified from her uncleanness: and she returned unto her house.	
2 Samuel 12:27	And Joab sent messengers to David, and said, I have fought against Rabbah, and have taken the city of waters.	
2 Samuel 13:11	And when she had brought them unto him to eat, he took hold of her, and said unto her, Come lie with me, my sister.	
2 Samuel 13:12	And she answered him, Nay, my brother, do not force me; for no such thing ought to be done in Israel: do not thou this folly.	
2 Samuel 13:14	Howbeit he would not hearken unto her voice: but, being stronger than she, forced her, and lay with her.	
2 Samuel 13:17	Then he called his servant that ministered unto him, and said, Put now this woman out from me, and bolt the door after her.	
2 Samuel 13:23	And it came to pass after two full years, that Absalom had sheepshearers in Baalhazor, which is beside Ephraim: and Absalom invited all the king's sons.	
2 Samuel 13:28	Now Absalom had commanded his servants, saying, Mark ye now when Amnon's heart is merry with wine, and when I say unto you, Smite Amnon; then kill him, fear not: have not I commanded you? be courageous, and be valiant.	
2 Samuel 13:32	And Jonadab, the son of Shimeah David's brother, answered and said, Let not my lord suppose that they have slain all the young men the king's sons; for Amnon only is dead: for by the appointment of Absalom this hath been determined from the day that he forced his sister Tamar.	
2 Samuel 13:33	Now therefore let not my lord the king take the thing to his heart, to think that all the king's sons are dead: for Amnon only is dead.	
2 Samuel 13:5	And Jonadab said unto him, Lay thee down on thy bed, and make thyself sick: and when thy father cometh to see thee, say unto him, I pray thee, let my sister Tamar come, and give me meat, and dress the meat in my sight, that I may see it, and eat it at her hand.	
2 Samuel 13:7	Then David sent home to Tamar, saying, Go now to thy brother Amnon's house, and dress him meat.	
2 Samuel 13:9	And she took a pan, and poured them out before him; but he refused to eat. And Amnon said, Have out all men from me. And they went out every man from him.	
2 Samuel 14:10	And the king said, Whoever saith ought unto thee, bring him to me, and he shall not touch thee any more.	
2 Samuel 14:14	For we must needs die, and are as water spilt on the ground, which cannot be gathered up again; neither doth God respect any person: yet doth he devise means, that his banished be not expelled from him.	
2 Samuel 14:15	Now therefore that I am come to speak of this thing unto my lord the king, it is because the people have made me afraid: and thy handmaid said, I will now speak unto the king; it may be that the king will perform the request of his handmaid.	
2 Samuel 14:16	For the king will hear, to deliver his handmaid out of the hand of the man that would destroy me and my son together out of the inheritance of God.	
2 Samuel 14:17	Then thine handmaid said, The word of my lord the king shall now be comfortable: for as an angel of God, so is my lord the king to discern good and bad: therefore the LORD thy God will be with thee.	
2 Samuel 14:24	And the king said, Let him turn to his own house, and let him not see my face. So Absalom returned to his own house, and saw not the king's face.	
2 Samuel 14:27	And unto Absalom there were born three sons, and one daughter, whose name was Tamar: she was a woman of a fair countenance.	
2 Samuel 14:30	Therefore he said unto his servants, See, Joab's field is near mine, and he hath barley there; go and set it on fire. And Absalom's servants set the field on fire.	
2 Samuel 14:6	And thy handmaid had two sons, and they two strove together in the field, and there was none to part them, but the one smote the other, and slew him.	
2 Samuel 15:1	And it came to pass after this, that Absalom prepared him chariots and horses, and fifty men to run before him.	
2 Samuel 15:14	And David said unto all his servants that were with him at Jerusalem, Arise, and let us flee; for we shall not else escape from Absalom: make speed to depart, lest he overtake us suddenly, and bring evil upon us, and smite the city with the edge of the sword.	
2 Samuel 15:20	Whereas thou camest but yesterday, should I this day make thee go up and down with us? seeing I go whither I may, return thou, and take back thy brethren: mercy and truth be with thee.	
2 Samuel 15:23	And all the country wept with a loud voice, and all the people passed over: the king also himself passed over the brook Kidron, and all the people passed over, toward the way of the wilderness.	
2 Samuel 15:24	And lo Zadok also, and all the Levites were with him, bearing the ark of the covenant of God: and they set down the ark of God; and Abiathar went up, until all the people had done passing out of the city.	
2 Samuel 15:3	And Absalom said unto him, See, thy matters are good and right; but there is no man deputed of the king to hear thee.	
2 Samuel 15:31	And one told David, saying, Ahithophel is among the conspirators with Absalom. And David said, O LORD, I pray thee, turn the counsel of Ahithophel into foolishness.	
2 Samuel 15:33	Unto whom David said, If thou passest on with me, then thou shalt be a burden unto me:	
2 Samuel 15:35	And hast thou not there with thee Zadok and Abiathar the priests? therefore it shall be, that what thing soever thou shalt hear out of the king's house, thou shalt tell it to Zadok and Abiathar the priests.	
2 Samuel 15:37	So Hushai David's friend came into the city, and Absalom came into Jerusalem.	
2 Samuel 15:4	Absalom said moreover, Oh that I were made judge in the land, that every man which hath any suit or cause might come unto me, and I would do him justice!	
2 Samuel 16:12	It may be that the LORD will look on mine affliction, and that the LORD will requite me good for his cursing this day.	
2 Samuel 16:14	And the king, and all the people that were with him, came weary, and refreshed themselves there.	
2 Samuel 16:16	And it came to pass, when Hushai the Archite, David's friend, was come unto Absalom, that Hushai said unto Absalom, God save the king, God save the king.	
2 Samuel 16:18	And Hushai said unto Absalom, Nay; but whom the LORD, and this people, and all the men of Israel, choose, his will I be, and with him will I abide.	
2 Samuel 16:19	And again, whom should I serve? should I not serve in the presence of his son? as I have served in thy father's presence, so will I be in thy presence.	
2 Samuel 16:2	And the king said unto Ziba, What meanest thou by these? And Ziba said, The asses be for the king's household to ride on; and the bread and summer fruit for the young men to eat; and the wine, that such as be faint in the wilderness may drink.	
2 Samuel 16:21	And Ahithophel said unto Absalom, Go in unto thy father's concubines, which he hath left to keep the house; and all Israel shall hear that thou art abhorred of thy father: then shall the hands of all that are with thee be strong.	
2 Samuel 16:6	And he cast stones at David, and at all the servants of king David: and all the people and all the mighty men were on his right hand and on his left.	
2 Samuel 16:7	And thus said Shimei when he cursed, Come out, come out, thou bloody man, and thou man of Belial:	
2 Samuel 17:1	Moreover Ahithophel said unto Absalom, Let me now choose out twelve thousand men, and I will arise and pursue after David this night:	
2 Samuel 17:11	Therefore I counsel that all Israel be generally gathered unto thee, from Dan even to Beersheba, as the sand that is by the sea for multitude; and that thou go to battle in thine own person.	
2 Samuel 17:12	So shall we come upon him in some place where he shall be found, and we will light upon him as the dew falleth on the ground: and of him and of all the men that are with him there shall not be left so much as one.	
2 Samuel 17:15	Then said Hushai unto Zadok and to Abiathar the priests, Thus and thus did Ahithophel counsel Absalom and the elders of Israel; and thus and thus have I counseled.	
2 Samuel 17:22	Then David arose, and all the people that were with him, and they passed over Jordan: by the morning light there lacked not one of them that was not gone over Jordan.	
2 Samuel 18:18	Now Absalom in his lifetime had taken and reared up for himself a pillar, which is in the king's dale: for he said, I have no son to keep my name in remembrance: and he called the pillar after his own name: and it is called unto this day, Absalom's place.	
2 Samuel 18:20	And Joab said unto him, Thou shalt not bear tidings this day, but thou shalt bear tidings another day: but this day thou shalt bear no tidings, because the king's son is dead.	
2 Samuel 18:26	And the watchman saw another man running: and the watchman called unto the porter, and said, Behold another man running alone. And the king said, He also bringeth tidings.	
2 Samuel 18:29	And the king said, Is the young man Absalom safe? And Ahimaaz answered, When Joab sent the king's servant, and me thy servant, I saw a great tumult, but I knew not what it was.	
2 Samuel 18:3	But the people answered, Thou shalt not go forth: for if we flee away, they will not care for us; neither if half of us die, will they care for us: but now thou art worth ten thousand of us: therefore now it is better that thou succor us out of the city.	
2 Samuel 18:31	And, behold, Cushy came; and Cushy said, Tidings, my lord the king: for the LORD hath avenged thee this day of all them that rose up against thee.	
2 Samuel 18:4	And the king said unto them, What seemeth you best I will do. And the king stood by the gate side, and all the people came out by hundreds and by thousands.	
2 Samuel 19:16	And Shimei the son of Gera, a Benjamite, which was of Bahurim, hasted and came down with the men of Judah to meet king David.	
2 Samuel 19:18	And there went over a ferry boat to carry over the king's household, and to do what he thought good. And Shimei the son of Gera fell down before the king, as he was come over Jordan;	
2 Samuel 19:27	And he hath slandered thy servant unto my lord the king; but my lord the king is as an angel of God: do therefore what is good in thine eyes.	
2 Samuel 19:28	For all of my father's house were but dead men before my lord the king: yet didst thou set thy servant among them that did eat at thine own table. What right therefore have I yet to cry any more unto the king?	
2 Samuel 19:3	And the people gat them by stealth that day into the city, as people being ashamed steal away when they flee in battle.	
2 Samuel 19:34	And Barzillai said unto the king, How long have I to live, that I should go up with the king unto Jerusalem?	
2 Samuel 19:4	But the king covered his face, and the king cried with a loud voice, O my son Absalom, O Absalom, my son, my son!	
2 Samuel 19:40	Then the king went on to Gilgal, and Chimham went on with him: and all the people of Judah conducted the king, and also half the people of Israel.	
2 Samuel 19:41	And, behold, all the men of Israel came to the king, and said unto the king, Why have our brethren the men of Judah stolen thee away, and have brought the king, and his household, and all David's men with him, over Jordan?	
2 Samuel 19:7	Now therefore arise, go forth, and speak comfortably unto thy servants: for I swear by the LORD, if thou go not forth, there will not tarry one with thee this night: and that will be worse unto thee than all the evil that befell thee from thy youth until now.	
2 Samuel 1:1	Now it came to pass after the death of Saul, when David was returned from the slaughter of the Amalekites, and David had abode two days in Ziklag;	
2 Samuel 1:2	It came even to pass on the third day, that, behold, a man came out of the camp from Saul with his clothes rent, and earth upon his head: and so it was, when he came to David, that he fell to the earth, and did obeisance.	
2 Samuel 1:22	From the blood of the slain, from the fat of the mighty, the bow of Jonathan turned not back, and the sword of Saul returned not empty.	
2 Samuel 1:24	Ye daughters of Israel, weep over Saul, who clothed you in scarlet, with other delights, who put on ornaments of gold upon your apparel.	
2 Samuel 1:25	How are the mighty fallen in the midst of the battle! O Jonathan, thou wast slain in thine high places.	
2 Samuel 1:26	I am distressed for thee, my brother Jonathan: very pleasant hast thou been unto me: thy love to me was wonderful, passing the love of women.	
2 Samuel 1:8	And he said unto me, Who art thou? And I answered him, I am an Amalekite.	
2 Samuel 20:1	And there happened to be there a man of Belial, whose name was Sheba, the son of Bichri, a Benjamite: and he blew a trumpet, and said, We have no part in David, neither have we inheritance in the son of Jesse: every man to his tents, O Israel.	
2 Samuel 20:11	And one of Joab's men stood by him, and said, He that favoreth Joab, and he that is for David, let him go after Joab.	
2 Samuel 20:15	And they came and besieged him in Abel of Bethmaachah, and they cast up a bank against the city, and it stood in the trench: and all the people that were with Joab battered the wall, to throw it down.	
2 Samuel 20:16	Then cried a wise woman out of the city, Hear, hear; say, I pray you, unto Joab, Come near hither, that I may speak with thee.	
2 Samuel 20:19	I am one of them that are peaceable and faithful in Israel: thou seekest to destroy a city and a mother in Israel: why wilt thou swallow up the inheritance of the LORD?	
2 Samuel 20:21	The matter is not so: but a man of mount Ephraim, Sheba the son of Bichri by name, hath lifted up his hand against the king, even against David: deliver him only, and I will depart from the city. And the woman said unto Joab, Behold, his head shall be thrown to thee over the wall.	
2 Samuel 20:23	Now Joab was over all the host of Israel: and Benaiah the son of Jehoiada was over the Cherethites and over the Pelethites:	
2 Samuel 20:24	And Adoram was over the tribute: and Jehoshaphat the son of Ahilud was recorder:	
2 Samuel 20:6	And David said to Abishai, Now shall Sheba the son of Bichri do us more harm than did Absalom: take thou thy lord's servants, and pursue after him, lest he get him fenced cities, and escape us.	
2 Samuel 20:9	And Joab said to Amasa, Art thou in health, my brother? And Joab took Amasa by the beard with the right hand to kiss him.	
2 Samuel 21:16	And Ishbibenob, which was of the sons of the giant, the weight of whose spear weighed three hundred shekels of brass in weight, he being girded with a new sword, thought to have slain David.	
2 Samuel 21:19	And there was again a battle in Gob with the Philistines, where Elhanan the son of Jaareoregim, a Bethlehemite, slew the brother of Goliath the Gittite, the staff of whose spear was like a weaver's beam.	
2 Samuel 21:2	And the king called the Gibeonites, and said unto them; (now the Gibeonites were not of the children of Israel, but of the remnant of the Amorites; and the children of Israel had sworn unto them: and Saul sought to slay them in his zeal to the children of Israel and Judah.)	
2 Samuel 21:21	And when he defied Israel, Jonathan the son of Shimeah the brother of David slew him.	
2 Samuel 21:9	And he delivered them into the hands of the Gibeonites, and they hanged them in the hill before the LORD: and they fell all seven together, and were put to death in the days of harvest, in the first days, in the beginning of barley harvest.	
2 Samuel 22:23	For all his judgments were before me: and as for his statutes, I did not depart from them.	
2 Samuel 22:40	For thou hast girded me with strength to battle: them that rose up against me hast thou subdued under me.	
2 Samuel 22:41	Thou hast also given me the necks of mine enemies, that I might destroy them that hate me.	
2 Samuel 22:43	Then did I beat them as small as the dust of the earth, I did stamp them as the mire of the street, and did spread them abroad.	
2 Samuel 22:45	Strangers shall submit themselves unto me: as soon as they hear, they shall be obedient unto me.	
2 Samuel 22:50	Therefore I will give thanks unto thee, O LORD, among the heathen, and I will sing praises unto thy name.	
2 Samuel 22:7	In my distress I called upon the LORD, and cried to my God: and he did hear my voice out of his temple, and my cry did enter into his ears.	
2 Samuel 22:9	There went up a smoke out of his nostrils, and fire out of his mouth devoured: coals were kindled by it.	
2 Samuel 23:14	And David was then in an hold, and the garrison of the Philistines was then in Bethlehem.	
2 Samuel 23:19	Was he not most honorable of three? therefore he was their captain: howbeit he attained not unto the first three.	
2 Samuel 23:2	The Spirit of the LORD spake by me, and his word was in my tongue.	
2 Samuel 23:23	He was more honorable than the thirty, but he attained not to the first three. And David set him over his guard.	
2 Samuel 23:26	Helez the Paltite, Ira the son of Ikkesh the Tekoite,	
2 Samuel 23:28	Zalmon the Ahohite, Maharai the Netophathite,	
2 Samuel 23:29	Heleb the son of Baanah, a Netophathite, Ittai the son of Ribai out of Gibeah of the children of Benjamin,	
2 Samuel 23:31	Abialbon the Arbathite, Azmaveth the Barhumite,	
2 Samuel 23:37	Zelek the Ammonite, Nahari the Beerothite, armourbearer to Joab the son of Zeruiah,	
2 Samuel 23:39	Uriah the Hittite: thirty and seven in all.	
2 Samuel 23:6	But the sons of Belial shall be all of them as thorns thrust away, because they cannot be taken with hands:	
2 Samuel 24:1	And again the anger of the LORD was kindled against Israel, and he moved David against them to say, Go, number Israel and Judah.	
2 Samuel 24:25	And David built there an altar unto the LORD, and offered burnt offerings and peace offerings. So the LORD was intreated for the land, and the plague was stayed from Israel.	
2 Samuel 24:4	Notwithstanding the king's word prevailed against Joab, and against the captains of the host. And Joab and the captains of the host went out from the presence of the king, to number the people of Israel.	
2 Samuel 24:6	Then they came to Gilead, and to the land of Tahtimhodshi; and they came to Danjaan, and about to Zidon,	
2 Samuel 2:1	And it came to pass after this, that David inquired of the LORD, saying, Shall I go up into any of the cities of Judah? And the LORD said unto him, Go up. And David said, Whither shall I go up? And he said, Unto Hebron.	
2 Samuel 2:2	So David went up thither, and his two wives also, Ahinoam the Jezreelitess, and Abigail Nabal's wife the Carmelite.	
2 Samuel 2:30	And Joab returned from following Abner: and when he had gathered all the people together, there lacked of David's servants nineteen men and Asahel.	
2 Samuel 2:4	And the men of Judah came, and there they anointed David king over the house of Judah. And they told David, saying, That the men of Jabeshgilead were they that buried Saul.	
2 Samuel 2:7	Therefore now let your hands be strengthened, and be ye valiant: for your master Saul is dead, and also the house of Judah have anointed me king over them.	
2 Samuel 2:9	And made him king over Gilead, and over the Ashurites, and over Jezreel, and over Ephraim, and over Benjamin, and over all Israel.	
2 Samuel 3:1	Now there was long war between the house of Saul and the house of David: but David waxed stronger and stronger, and the house of Saul waxed weaker and weaker.	
2 Samuel 3:11	And he could not answer Abner a word again, because he feared him.	
2 Samuel 3:13	And he said, Well; I will make a league with thee: but one thing I require of thee, that is, Thou shalt not see my face, except thou first bring Michal Saul's daughter, when thou comest to see my face.	
2 Samuel 3:14	And David sent messengers to Ishbosheth Saul's son, saying, Deliver me my wife Michal, which I espoused to me for an hundred foreskins of the Philistines.	
2 Samuel 3:18	Now then do it: for the LORD hath spoken of David, saying, By the hand of my servant David I will save my people Israel out of the hand of the Philistines, and out of the hand of all their enemies.	
2 Samuel 3:19	And Abner also spake in the ears of Benjamin: and Abner went also to speak in the ears of David in Hebron all that seemed good to Israel, and that seemed good to the whole house of Benjamin.	
2 Samuel 3:25	Thou knowest Abner the son of Ner, that he came to deceive thee, and to know thy going out and thy coming in, and to know all that thou doest.	
2 Samuel 3:33	And the king lamented over Abner, and said, Died Abner as a fool dieth?	
2 Samuel 3:39	And I am this day weak, though anointed king; and these men the sons of Zeruiah be too hard for me: the LORD shall reward the doer of evil according to his wickedness.	
2 Samuel 3:6	And it came to pass, while there was war between the house of Saul and the house of David, that Abner made himself strong for the house of Saul.	
2 Samuel 4:10	When one told me, saying, Behold, Saul is dead, thinking to have brought good tidings, I took hold of him, and slew him in Ziklag, who thought that I would have given him a reward for his tidings:	
2 Samuel 4:2	And Saul's son had two men that were captains of bands: the name of the one was Baanah, and the name of the other Rechab, the sons of Rimmon a Beerothite, of the children of Benjamin: (for Beeroth also was reckoned to Benjamin.	
2 Samuel 5:13	And David took him more concubines and wives out of Jerusalem, after he was come from Hebron: and there were yet sons and daughters born to David.	
2 Samuel 5:14	And these be the names of those that were born unto him in Jerusalem; Shammuah, and Shobab, and Nathan, and Solomon,	
2 Samuel 5:15	Ibhar also, and Elishua, and Nepheg, and Japhia,	
2 Samuel 5:17	But when the Philistines heard that they had anointed David king over Israel, all the Philistines came up to seek David; and David heard of it, and went down to the hold.	
2 Samuel 5:21	And there they left their images, and David and his men burned them.	
2 Samuel 5:23	And when David inquired of the LORD, he said, Thou shalt not go up; but fetch a compass behind them, and come upon them over against the mulberry trees.	
2 Samuel 5:3	So all the elders of Israel came to the king to Hebron; and king David made a league with them in Hebron before the LORD: and they anointed David king over Israel.	
2 Samuel 5:8	And David said on that day, Whosoever getteth up to the gutter, and smiteth the Jebusites, and the lame and the blind that are hated of David's soul, he shall be chief and captain. Wherefore they said, The blind and the lame shall not come into the house.	
2 Samuel 6:13	And it was so, that when they that bare the ark of the LORD had gone six paces, he sacrificed oxen and fatlings.	
2 Samuel 6:4	And they brought it out of the house of Abinadab which was at Gibeah, accompanying the ark of God: and Ahio went before the ark.	
2 Samuel 7:10	Moreover I will appoint a place for my people Israel, and will plant them, that they may dwell in a place of their own, and move no more; neither shall the children of wickedness afflict them any more, as beforetime,	
2 Samuel 7:12	And when thy days be fulfilled, and thou shalt sleep with thy fathers, I will set up thy seed after thee, which shall proceed out of thy bowels, and I will establish his kingdom.	
2 Samuel 7:16	And thine house and thy kingdom shall be established for ever before thee: thy throne shall be established for ever.	
2 Samuel 7:2	That the king said unto Nathan the prophet, See now, I dwell in an house of cedar, but the ark of God dwelleth within curtains.	
2 Samuel 7:21	For thy word's sake, and according to thine own heart, hast thou done all these great things, to make thy servant know them.	
2 Samuel 7:29	Therefore now let it please thee to bless the house of thy servant, that it may continue for ever before thee: for thou, O Lord GOD, hast spoken it: and with thy blessing let the house of thy servant be blessed for ever.	
2 Samuel 7:4	And it came to pass that night, that the word of the LORD came unto Nathan, saying,	
2 Samuel 7:7	In all the places wherein I have walked with all the children of Israel spake I a word with any of the tribes of Israel, whom I commanded to feed my people Israel, saying, Why build ye not me an house of cedar?	
2 Samuel 7:9	And I was with thee whithersoever thou wentest, and have cut off all thine enemies out of thy sight, and have made thee a great name, like unto the name of the great men that are in the earth.	
2 Samuel 8:17	And Zadok the son of Ahitub, and Ahimelech the son of Abiathar, were the priests; and Seraiah was the scribe;	
2 Samuel 8:5	And when the Syrians of Damascus came to succor Hadadezer king of Zobah, David slew of the Syrians two and twenty thousand men.	
2 Samuel 8:8	And from Betah, and from Berothai, cities of Hadadezer, king David took exceeding much brass.	
2 Samuel 9:11	Then said Ziba unto the king, According to all that my lord the king hath commanded his servant, so shall thy servant do. As for Mephibosheth, said the king, he shall eat at my table, as one of the king's sons.	
2 Thessalonians 1:11	Wherefore also we pray always for you, that our God would count you worthy of this calling, and fulfil all the good pleasure of his goodness, and the work of faith with power:	
2 Thessalonians 1:3	We are bound to thank God always for you, brethren, as it is meet, because that your faith groweth exceedingly, and the charity of every one of you all toward each other aboundeth;	
2 Thessalonians 2:12	That they all might be damned who believed not the truth, but had pleasure in unrighteousness.	
2 Thessalonians 2:13	But we are bound to give thanks alway to God for you, brethren beloved of the Lord, because God hath from the beginning chosen you to salvation through sanctification of the Spirit and belief of the truth:	
2 Thessalonians 2:15	Therefore, brethren, stand fast, and hold the traditions which ye have been taught, whether by word, or our epistle.	
2 Thessalonians 2:16	Now our Lord Jesus Christ himself, and God, even our Father, which hath loved us, and hath given us everlasting consolation and good hope through grace,	
2 Thessalonians 2:17	Comfort your hearts, and stablish you in every good word and work.	
2 Thessalonians 2:3	Let no man deceive you by any means: for that day shall not come, except there come a falling away first, and that man of sin be revealed, the son of perdition;	
2 Thessalonians 2:9	Even him, whose coming is after the working of Satan with all power and signs and lying wonders,	
2 Thessalonians 3:4	And we have confidence in the Lord touching you, that ye both do and will do the things which we command you.	
2 Thessalonians 3:6	Now we command you, brethren, in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, that ye withdraw yourselves from every brother that walketh disorderly, and not after the tradition which he received of us.	
2 Timothy 1:1	Paul, an apostle of Jesus Christ by the will of God, according to the promise of life which is in Christ Jesus,	
2 Timothy 1:11	Whereunto I am appointed a preacher, and an apostle, and a teacher of the Gentiles.	
2 Timothy 1:13	Hold fast the form of sound words, which thou hast heard of me, in faith and love which is in Christ Jesus.	
2 Timothy 1:18	The Lord grant unto him that he may find mercy of the Lord in that day: and in how many things he ministered unto me at Ephesus, thou knowest very well.	
2 Timothy 1:6	Wherefore I put thee in remembrance that thou stir up the gift of God, which is in thee by the putting on of my hands.	
2 Timothy 1:7	For God hath not given us the spirit of fear; but of power, and of love, and of a sound mind.	
2 Timothy 2:13	If we believe not, yet he abideth faithful: he cannot deny himself.	
2 Timothy 2:18	Who concerning the truth have erred, saying that the resurrection is past already; and overthrow the faith of some.	
2 Timothy 2:19	Nevertheless the foundation of God standeth sure, having this seal, The Lord knoweth them that are his. And, Let every one that nameth the name of Christ depart from iniquity.	
2 Timothy 2:20	But in a great house there are not only vessels of gold and of silver, but also of wood and of earth; and some to honour, and some to dishonour.	
2 Timothy 2:25	In meekness instructing those that oppose themselves; if God peradventure will give them repentance to the acknowledging of the truth;	
2 Timothy 2:26	And that they may recover themselves out of the snare of the devil, who are taken captive by him at his will.	
2 Timothy 3:1	This know also, that in the last days perilous times shall come.	
2 Timothy 3:12	Yea, and all that will live godly in Christ Jesus shall suffer persecution.	
2 Timothy 3:13	But evil men and seducers shall wax worse and worse, deceiving, and being deceived.	
2 Timothy 3:15	And that from a child thou hast known the holy scriptures, which are able to make thee wise unto salvation through faith which is in Christ Jesus.	
2 Timothy 3:16	All scripture is given by inspiration of God, and is profitable for doctrine, for reproof, for correction, for instruction in righteousness:	
2 Timothy 3:2	For men shall be lovers of their own selves, covetous, boasters, proud, blasphemers, disobedient to parents, unthankful, unholy,	
2 Timothy 3:7	Ever learning, and never able to come to the knowledge of the truth.	
2 Timothy 4:1	I charge thee therefore before God, and the Lord Jesus Christ, who shall judge the quick and the dead at his appearing and his kingdom;	
2 Timothy 4:10	For Demas hath forsaken me, having loved this present world, and is departed unto Thessalonica; Crescens to Galatia, Titus unto Dalmatia.	
2 Timothy 4:19	Salute Prisca and Aquila, and the household of Onesiphorus.	
2 Timothy 4:22	The Lord Jesus Christ be with thy spirit. Grace be with you. Amen.	
3 John 1:1	The elder unto the wellbeloved Gaius, whom I love in the truth.	
3 John 1:10	Wherefore, if I come, I will remember his deeds which he doeth, prating against us with malicious words: and not content therewith, neither doth he himself receive the brethren, and forbiddeth them that would, and casteth them out of the church.	
3 John 1:3	For I rejoiced greatly, when the brethren came and testified of the truth that is in thee, even as thou walkest in the truth.	
3 John 1:8	We therefore ought to receive such, that we might be fellowhelpers to the truth.	
Acts 10:16	This was done thrice: and the vessel was received up again into heaven.	
Acts 10:17	Now while Peter doubted in himself what this vision which he had seen should mean, behold, the men which were sent from Cornelius had made enquiry for Simon's house, and stood before the gate,	
Acts 10:24	And the morrow after they entered into Caesarea. And Cornelius waited for them, and he had called together his kinsmen and near friends.	
Acts 10:31	And said, Cornelius, thy prayer is heard, and thine alms are had in remembrance in the sight of God.	
Acts 10:4	And when he looked on him, he was afraid, and said, What is it, Lord? And he said unto him, Thy prayers and thine alms are come up for a memorial before God.	
Acts 10:41	Not to all the people, but unto witnesses chosen before God, even to us, who did eat and drink with him after he rose from the dead.	
Acts 10:9	On the morrow, as they went on their journey, and drew nigh unto the city, Peter went up upon the housetop to pray about the sixth hour:	
Acts 11:12	And the Spirit bade me go with them, nothing doubting. Moreover these six brethren accompanied me, and we entered into the man's house:	
Acts 11:16	Then remembered I the word of the Lord, how that he said, John indeed baptized with water; but ye shall be baptized with the Holy Ghost.	
Acts 11:2	And when Peter was come up to Jerusalem, they that were of the circumcision contended with him,	
Acts 11:22	Then tidings of these things came unto the ears of the church which was in Jerusalem: and they sent forth Barnabas, that he should go as far as Antioch.	
Acts 11:24	For he was a good man, and full of the Holy Ghost and of faith: and much people was added unto the Lord.	
Acts 11:27	And in these days came prophets from Jerusalem unto Antioch.	
Acts 11:7	And I heard a voice saying unto me, Arise, Peter; slay and eat.	
Acts 11:8	But I said, Not so, Lord: for nothing common or unclean hath at any time entered into my mouth.	
Acts 11:9	But the voice answered me again from heaven, What God hath cleansed, that call not thou common.	
Acts 12:10	When they were past the first and the second ward, they came unto the iron gate that leadeth unto the city; which opened to them of his own accord: and they went out, and passed on through one street; and forthwith the angel departed from him.	
Acts 12:11	And when Peter was come to himself, he said, Now I know of a surety, that the LORD hath sent his angel, and hath delivered me out of the hand of Herod, and from all the expectation of the people of the Jews.	
Acts 12:12	And when he had considered the thing, he came to the house of Mary the mother of John, whose surname was Mark; where many were gathered together praying.	
Acts 12:20	And Herod was highly displeased with them of Tyre and Sidon: but they came with one accord to him, and, having made Blastus the king's chamberlain their friend, desired peace; because their country was nourished by the king's country.	
Acts 12:21	And upon a set day Herod, arrayed in royal apparel, sat upon his throne, and made an oration unto them.	
Acts 12:22	And the people gave a shout, saying, It is the voice of a god, and not of a man.	
Acts 13:10	And said, O full of all subtilty and all mischief, thou child of the devil, thou enemy of all righteousness, wilt thou not cease to pervert the right ways of the Lord?	
Acts 13:3	And when they had fasted and prayed, and laid their hands on them, they sent them away.	
Acts 13:34	And as concerning that he raised him up from the dead, now no more to return to corruption, he said on this wise, I will give you the sure mercies of David.	
Acts 13:35	Wherefore he saith also in another psalm, Thou shalt not suffer thine Holy One to see corruption.	
Acts 13:39	And by him all that believe are justified from all things, from which ye could not be justified by the law of Moses.	
Acts 13:41	Behold, ye despisers, and wonder, and perish: for I work a work in your days, a work which ye shall in no wise believe, though a man declare it unto you.	
Acts 13:5	And when they were at Salamis, they preached the word of God in the synagogues of the Jews: and they had also John to their minister.	
Acts 13:50	But the Jews stirred up the devout and honourable women, and the chief men of the city, and raised persecution against Paul and Barnabas, and expelled them out of their coasts.	
Acts 14:13	Then the priest of Jupiter, which was before their city, brought oxen and garlands unto the gates, and would have done sacrifice with the people.	
Acts 14:20	Howbeit, as the disciples stood round about him, he rose up, and came into the city: and the next day he departed with Barnabas to Derbe.	
Acts 14:23	And when they had ordained them elders in every church, and had prayed with fasting, they commended them to the Lord, on whom they believed.	
Acts 14:26	And thence sailed to Antioch, from whence they had been recommended to the grace of God for the work which they fulfilled.	
Acts 14:27	And when they were come, and had gathered the church together, they rehearsed all that God had done with them, and how he had opened the door of faith unto the Gentiles.	
Acts 14:4	But the multitude of the city was divided: and part held with the Jews, and part with the apostles.	
Acts 14:5	And when there was an assault made both of the Gentiles, and also of the Jews with their rulers, to use them despitefully, and to stone them,	
Acts 15:11	But we believe that through the grace of the LORD Jesus Christ we shall be saved, even as they.	
Acts 15:13	And after they had held their peace, James answered, saying, Men and brethren, hearken unto me:	
Acts 15:14	Simeon hath declared how God at the first did visit the Gentiles, to take out of them a people for his name.	
Acts 15:17	That the residue of men might seek after the Lord, and all the Gentiles, upon whom my name is called, saith the Lord, who doeth all these things.	
Acts 15:24	Forasmuch as we have heard, that certain which went out from us have troubled you with words, subverting your souls, saying, Ye must be circumcised, and keep the law: to whom we gave no such commandment:	
Acts 15:27	We have sent therefore Judas and Silas, who shall also tell you the same things by mouth.	
Acts 15:31	Which when they had read, they rejoiced for the consolation.	
Acts 15:33	And after they had tarried there a space, they were let go in peace from the brethren unto the apostles.	
Acts 15:36	And some days after Paul said unto Barnabas, Let us go again and visit our brethren in every city where we have preached the word of the LORD, and see how they do.	
Acts 15:39	And the contention was so sharp between them, that they departed asunder one from the other: and so Barnabas took Mark, and sailed unto Cyprus;	
Acts 16:11	Therefore loosing from Troas, we came with a straight course to Samothracia, and the next day to Neapolis;	
Acts 16:18	And this did she many days. But Paul, being grieved, turned and said to the spirit, I command thee in the name of Jesus Christ to come out of her. And he came out the same hour.	
Acts 16:19	And when her masters saw that the hope of their gains was gone, they caught Paul and Silas, and drew them into the marketplace unto the rulers,	
Acts 16:2	Which was well reported of by the brethren that were at Lystra and Iconium.	
Acts 16:24	Who, having received such a charge, thrust them into the inner prison, and made their feet fast in the stocks.	
Acts 16:25	And at midnight Paul and Silas prayed, and sang praises unto God: and the prisoners heard them.	
Acts 16:3	Him would Paul have to go forth with him; and took and circumcised him because of the Jews which were in those quarters: for they knew all that his father was a Greek.	
Acts 16:30	And brought them out, and said, Sirs, what must I do to be saved?	
Acts 16:31	And they said, Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ, and thou shalt be saved, and thy house.	
Acts 16:33	And he took them the same hour of the night, and washed their stripes; and was baptized, he and all his, straightway.	
Acts 16:36	And the keeper of the prison told this saying to Paul, The magistrates have sent to let you go: now therefore depart, and go in peace.	
Acts 16:4	And as they went through the cities, they delivered them the decrees for to keep, that were ordained of the apostles and elders which were at Jerusalem.	
Acts 16:6	Now when they had gone throughout Phrygia and the region of Galatia, and were forbidden of the Holy Ghost to preach the word in Asia,	
Acts 16:9	And a vision appeared to Paul in the night; There stood a man of Macedonia, and prayed him, saying, Come over into Macedonia, and help us.	
Acts 17:1	Now when they had passed through Amphipolis and Apollonia, they came to Thessalonica, where was a synagogue of the Jews:	
Acts 17:12	Therefore many of them believed; also of honourable women which were Greeks, and of men, not a few.	
Acts 17:13	But when the Jews of Thessalonica had knowledge that the word of God was preached of Paul at Berea, they came thither also, and stirred up the people.	
Acts 17:16	Now while Paul waited for them at Athens, his spirit was stirred in him, when he saw the city wholly given to idolatry.	
Acts 17:2	And Paul, as his manner was, went in unto them, and three sabbath days reasoned with them out of the scriptures,	
Acts 17:21	(For all the Athenians and strangers which were there spent their time in nothing else, but either to tell, or to hear some new thing.)	
Acts 17:22	Then Paul stood in the midst of Mars' hill, and said, Ye men of Athens, I perceive that in all things ye are too superstitious.	
Acts 17:28	For in him we live, and move, and have our being; as certain also of your own poets have said, For we are also his offspring.	
Acts 17:29	Forasmuch then as we are the offspring of God, we ought not to think that the Godhead is like unto gold, or silver, or stone, graven by art and man's device.	
Acts 17:3	Opening and alleging, that Christ must needs have suffered, and risen again from the dead; and that this Jesus, whom I preach unto you, is Christ.	
Acts 17:5	But the Jews which believed not, moved with envy, took unto them certain lewd fellows of the baser sort, and gathered a company, and set all the city on an uproar, and assaulted the house of Jason, and sought to bring them out to the people.	
Acts 17:6	And when they found them not, they drew Jason and certain brethren unto the rulers of the city, crying, These that have turned the world upside down are come hither also;	
Acts 17:7	Whom Jason hath received: and these all do contrary to the decrees of Caesar, saying that there is another king, one Jesus.	
Acts 17:9	And when they had taken security of Jason, and of the other, they let them go.	
Acts 18:16	And he drave them from the judgment seat.	
Acts 18:20	When they desired him to tarry longer time with them, he consented not;	
Acts 18:22	And when he had landed at Caesarea, and gone up, and saluted the church, he went down to Antioch.	
Acts 18:24	And a certain Jew named Apollos, born at Alexandria, an eloquent man, and mighty in the scriptures, came to Ephesus.	
Acts 18:5	And when Silas and Timotheus were come from Macedonia, Paul was pressed in the spirit, and testified to the Jews that Jesus was Christ.	
Acts 18:6	And when they opposed themselves, and blasphemed, he shook his raiment, and said unto them, Your blood be upon your own heads; I am clean; from henceforth I will go unto the Gentiles.	
Acts 18:7	And he departed thence, and entered into a certain man's house, named Justus, one that worshipped God, whose house joined hard to the synagogue.	
Acts 19:1	And it came to pass, that, while Apollos was at Corinth, Paul having passed through the upper coasts came to Ephesus: and finding certain disciples,	
Acts 19:17	And this was known to all the Jews and Greeks also dwelling at Ephesus; and fear fell on them all, and the name of the Lord Jesus was magnified.	
Acts 19:19	Many of them also which used curious arts brought their books together, and burned them before all men: and they counted the price of them, and found it fifty thousand pieces of silver.	
Acts 19:25	Whom he called together with the workmen of like occupation, and said, Sirs, ye know that by this craft we have our wealth.	
Acts 19:28	And when they heard these sayings, they were full of wrath, and cried out, saying, Great is Diana of the Ephesians.	
Acts 19:29	And the whole city was filled with confusion: and having caught Gaius and Aristarchus, men of Macedonia, Paul's companions in travel, they rushed with one accord into the theatre.	
Acts 19:37	For ye have brought hither these men, which are neither robbers of churches, nor yet blasphemers of your goddess.	
Acts 1:1	The former treatise have I made, O Theophilus, of all that Jesus began both to do and teach,	
Acts 1:14	These all continued with one accord in prayer and supplication, with the women, and Mary the mother of Jesus, and with his brethren.	
Acts 1:21	Wherefore of these men which have companied with us all the time that the Lord Jesus went in and out among us,	
Acts 1:24	And they prayed, and said, Thou, Lord, which knowest the hearts of all men, shew whether of these two thou hast chosen,	
Acts 20:12	And they brought the young man alive, and were not a little comforted.	
Acts 20:14	And when he met with us at Assos, we took him in, and came to Mitylene.	
Acts 20:16	For Paul had determined to sail by Ephesus, because he would not spend the time in Asia: for he hasted, if it were possible for him, to be at Jerusalem the day of Pentecost.	
Acts 20:19	Serving the LORD with all humility of mind, and with many tears, and temptations, which befell me by the lying in wait of the Jews:	
Acts 20:21	Testifying both to the Jews, and also to the Greeks, repentance toward God, and faith toward our Lord Jesus Christ.	
Acts 20:22	And now, behold, I go bound in the spirit unto Jerusalem, not knowing the things that shall befall me there:	
Acts 20:23	Save that the Holy Ghost witnesseth in every city, saying that bonds and afflictions abide me.	
Acts 20:3	And there abode three months. And when the Jews laid wait for him, as he was about to sail into Syria, he purposed to return through Macedonia.	
Acts 20:31	Therefore watch, and remember, that by the space of three years I ceased not to warn every one night and day with tears.	
Acts 21:11	And when he was come unto us, he took Paul's girdle, and bound his own hands and feet, and said, Thus saith the Holy Ghost, So shall the Jews at Jerusalem bind the man that owneth this girdle, and shall deliver him into the hands of the Gentiles.	
Acts 21:15	And after those days we took up our carriages, and went up to Jerusalem.	
Acts 21:16	There went with us also certain of the disciples of Caesarea, and brought with them one Mnason of Cyprus, an old disciple, with whom we should lodge.	
Acts 21:21	And they are informed of thee, that thou teachest all the Jews which are among the Gentiles to forsake Moses, saying that they ought not to circumcise their children, neither to walk after the customs.	
Acts 21:22	What is it therefore? the multitude must needs come together: for they will hear that thou art come.	
Acts 21:23	Do therefore this that we say to thee: We have four men which have a vow on them;	
Acts 21:25	As touching the Gentiles which believe, we have written and concluded that they observe no such thing, save only that they keep themselves from things offered to idols, and from blood, and from strangled, and from fornication.	
Acts 21:29	(For they had seen before with him in the city Trophimus an Ephesian, whom they supposed that Paul had brought into the temple.)	
Acts 21:3	Now when we had discovered Cyprus, we left it on the left hand, and sailed into Syria, and landed at Tyre: for there the ship was to unlade her burden.	
Acts 21:35	And when he came upon the stairs, so it was, that he was borne of the soldiers for the violence of the people.	
Acts 21:36	For the multitude of the people followed after, crying, Away with him.	
Acts 21:40	And when he had given him licence, Paul stood on the stairs, and beckoned with the hand unto the people. And when there was made a great silence, he spake unto them in the Hebrew tongue, saying,	
Acts 21:5	And when we had accomplished those days, we departed and went our way; and they all brought us on our way, with wives and children, till we were out of the city: and we kneeled down on the shore, and prayed.	
Acts 21:9	And the same man had four daughters, virgins, which did prophesy.	
Acts 22:17	And it came to pass, that, when I was come again to Jerusalem, even while I prayed in the temple, I was in a trance;	
Acts 22:25	And as they bound him with thongs, Paul said unto the centurion that stood by, Is it lawful for you to scourge a man that is a Roman, and uncondemned?	
Acts 22:27	Then the chief captain came, and said unto him, Tell me, art thou a Roman? He said, Yea.	
Acts 22:28	And the chief captain answered, With a great sum obtained I this freedom. And Paul said, But I was free born.	
Acts 22:3	I am verily a man which am a Jew, born in Tarsus, a city in Cilicia, yet brought up in this city at the feet of Gamaliel, and taught according to the perfect manner of the law of the fathers, and was zealous toward God, as ye all are this day.	
Acts 23:2	And the high priest Ananias commanded them that stood by him to smite him on the mouth.	
Acts 23:27	This man was taken of the Jews, and should have been killed of them: then came I with an army, and rescued him, having understood that he was a Roman.	
Acts 23:28	And when I would have known the cause wherefore they accused him, I brought him forth into their council:	
Acts 23:29	Whom I perceived to be accused of questions of their law, but to have nothing laid to his charge worthy of death or of bonds.	
Acts 23:32	On the morrow they left the horsemen to go with him, and returned to the castle:	
Acts 23:4	And they that stood by said, Revilest thou God's high priest?	
Acts 23:6	But when Paul perceived that the one part were Sadducees, and the other Pharisees, he cried out in the council, Men and brethren, I am a Pharisee, the son of a Pharisee: of the hope and resurrection of the dead I am called in question.	
Acts 23:8	For the Sadducees say that there is no resurrection, neither angel, nor spirit: but the Pharisees confess both.	
Acts 24:10	Then Paul, after that the governor had beckoned unto him to speak, answered, Forasmuch as I know that thou hast been of many years a judge unto this nation, I do the more cheerfully answer for myself:	
Acts 24:12	And they neither found me in the temple disputing with any man, neither raising up the people, neither in the synagogues, nor in the city:	
Acts 24:15	And have hope toward God, which they themselves also allow, that there shall be a resurrection of the dead, both of the just and unjust.	
Acts 24:17	Now after many years I came to bring alms to my nation, and offerings.	
Acts 24:18	Whereupon certain Jews from Asia found me purified in the temple, neither with multitude, nor with tumult.	
Acts 24:2	And when he was called forth, Tertullus began to accuse him, saying, Seeing that by thee we enjoy great quietness, and that very worthy deeds are done unto this nation by thy providence,	
Acts 24:25	And as he reasoned of righteousness, temperance, and judgment to come, Felix trembled, and answered, Go thy way for this time; when I have a convenient season, I will call for thee.	
Acts 24:3	We accept it always, and in all places, most noble Felix, with all thankfulness.	
Acts 24:6	Who also hath gone about to profane the temple: whom we took, and would have judged according to our law.	
Acts 25:11	For if I be an offender, or have committed any thing worthy of death, I refuse not to die: but if there be none of these things whereof these accuse me, no man may deliver me unto them. I appeal unto Caesar.	
Acts 25:14	And when they had been there many days, Festus declared Paul's cause unto the king, saying, There is a certain man left in bonds by Felix:	
Acts 25:18	Against whom when the accusers stood up, they brought none accusation of such things as I supposed:	
Acts 25:22	Then Agrippa said unto Festus, I would also hear the man myself. To morrow, said he, thou shalt hear him.	
Acts 25:9	But Festus, willing to do the Jews a pleasure, answered Paul, and said, Wilt thou go up to Jerusalem, and there be judged of these things before me?	
Acts 26:17	Delivering thee from the people, and from the Gentiles, unto whom now I send thee,	
Acts 26:20	But shewed first unto them of Damascus, and at Jerusalem, and throughout all the coasts of Judaea, and then to the Gentiles, that they should repent and turn to God, and do works meet for repentance.	
Acts 26:23	That Christ should suffer, and that he should be the first that should rise from the dead, and should shew light unto the people, and to the Gentiles.	
Acts 26:6	And now I stand and am judged for the hope of the promise made of God, unto our fathers:	
Acts 26:7	Unto which promise our twelve tribes, instantly serving God day and night, hope to come. For which hope's sake, king Agrippa, I am accused of the Jews.	
Acts 27:11	Nevertheless the centurion believed the master and the owner of the ship, more than those things which were spoken by Paul.	
Acts 27:16	And running under a certain island which is called Clauda, we had much work to come by the boat:	
Acts 27:22	And now I exhort you to be of good cheer: for there shall be no loss of any man's life among you, but of the ship.	
Acts 27:24	Saying, Fear not, Paul; thou must be brought before Caesar: and, lo, God hath given thee all them that sail with thee.	
Acts 27:25	Wherefore, sirs, be of good cheer: for I believe God, that it shall be even as it was told me.	
Acts 27:26	Howbeit we must be cast upon a certain island.	
Acts 27:28	And sounded, and found it twenty fathoms: and when they had gone a little further, they sounded again, and found it fifteen fathoms.	
Acts 27:29	Then fearing lest we should have fallen upon rocks, they cast four anchors out of the stern, and wished for the day.	
Acts 27:36	Then were they all of good cheer, and they also took some meat.	
Acts 27:42	And the soldiers' counsel was to kill the prisoners, lest any of them should swim out, and escape.	
Acts 28:13	And from thence we fetched a compass, and came to Rhegium: and after one day the south wind blew, and we came the next day to Puteoli:	
Acts 28:15	And from thence, when the brethren heard of us, they came to meet us as far as Appii forum, and The three taverns: whom when Paul saw, he thanked God, and took courage.	
Acts 28:4	And when the barbarians saw the venomous beast hang on his hand, they said among themselves, No doubt this man is a murderer, whom, though he hath escaped the sea, yet vengeance suffereth not to live.	
Acts 28:8	And it came to pass, that the father of Publius lay sick of a fever and of a bloody flux: to whom Paul entered in, and prayed, and laid his hands on him, and healed him.	
Acts 2:15	For these are not drunken, as ye suppose, seeing it is but the third hour of the day.	
Acts 2:16	But this is that which was spoken by the prophet Joel;	
Acts 2:20	The sun shall be turned into darkness, and the moon into blood, before the great and notable day of the Lord come:	
Acts 2:22	Ye men of Israel, hear these words; Jesus of Nazareth, a man approved of God among you by miracles and wonders and signs, which God did by him in the midst of you, as ye yourselves also know:	
Acts 2:25	For David speaketh concerning him, I foresaw the Lord always before my face, for he is on my right hand, that I should not be moved:	
Acts 2:26	Therefore did my heart rejoice, and my tongue was glad; moreover also my flesh shall rest in hope:	
Acts 2:28	Thou hast made known to me the ways of life; thou shalt make me full of joy with thy countenance.	
Acts 2:29	Men and brethren, let me freely speak unto you of the patriarch David, that he is both dead and buried, and his sepulchre is with us unto this day.	
Acts 2:3	And there appeared unto them cloven tongues like as of fire, and it sat upon each of them.	
Acts 2:33	Therefore being by the right hand of God exalted, and having received of the Father the promise of the Holy Ghost, he hath shed forth this, which ye now see and hear.	
Acts 2:5	And there were dwelling at Jerusalem Jews, devout men, out of every nation under heaven.	
Acts 2:6	Now when this was noised abroad, the multitude came together, and were confounded, because that every man heard them speak in his own language.	
Acts 2:7	And they were all amazed and marvelled, saying one to another, Behold, are not all these which speak Galilaeans?	
Acts 2:8	And how hear we every man in our own tongue, wherein we were born?	
Acts 2:9	Parthians, and Medes, and Elamites, and the dwellers in Mesopotamia, and in Judaea, and Cappadocia, in Pontus, and Asia,	
Acts 3:11	And as the lame man which was healed held Peter and John, all the people ran together unto them in the porch that is called Solomon's, greatly wondering.	
Acts 3:14	But ye denied the Holy One and the Just, and desired a murderer to be granted unto you;	
Acts 3:19	Repent ye therefore, and be converted, that your sins may be blotted out, when the times of refreshing shall come from the presence of the Lord.	
Acts 3:20	And he shall send Jesus Christ, which before was preached unto you:	
Acts 3:21	Whom the heaven must receive until the times of restitution of all things, which God hath spoken by the mouth of all his holy prophets since the world began.	
Acts 3:23	And it shall come to pass, that every soul, which will not hear that prophet, shall be destroyed from among the people.	
Acts 4:10	Be it known unto you all, and to all the people of Israel, that by the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth, whom ye crucified, whom God raised from the dead, even by him doth this man stand here before you whole.	
Acts 4:15	But when they had commanded them to go aside out of the council, they conferred among themselves,	
Acts 4:17	But that it spread no further among the people, let us straitly threaten them, that they speak henceforth to no man in this name.	
Acts 4:18	And they called them, and commanded them not to speak at all nor teach in the name of Jesus.	
Acts 4:19	But Peter and John answered and said unto them, Whether it be right in the sight of God to hearken unto you more than unto God, judge ye.	
Acts 4:2	Being grieved that they taught the people, and preached through Jesus the resurrection from the dead.	
Acts 4:20	For we cannot but speak the things which we have seen and heard.	
Acts 4:22	For the man was above forty years old, on whom this miracle of healing was shewed.	
Acts 4:34	Neither was there any among them that lacked: for as many as were possessors of lands or houses sold them, and brought the prices of the things that were sold,	
Acts 4:37	Having land, sold it, and brought the money, and laid it at the apostles' feet.	
Acts 4:7	And when they had set them in the midst, they asked, By what power, or by what name, have ye done this?	
Acts 4:9	If we this day be examined of the good deed done to the impotent man, by what means he is made whole;	
Acts 5:1	But a certain man named Ananias, with Sapphira his wife, sold a possession,	
Acts 5:22	But when the officers came, and found them not in the prison, they returned and told,	
Acts 5:24	Now when the high priest and the captain of the temple and the chief priests heard these things, they doubted of them whereunto this would grow.	
Acts 5:26	Then went the captain with the officers, and brought them without violence: for they feared the people, lest they should have been stoned.	
Acts 5:30	The God of our fathers raised up Jesus, whom ye slew and hanged on a tree.	
Acts 5:31	Him hath God exalted with his right hand to be a Prince and a Saviour, for to give repentance to Israel, and forgiveness of sins.	
Acts 5:32	And we are his witnesses of these things; and so is also the Holy Ghost, whom God hath given to them that obey him.	
Acts 5:39	But if it be of God, ye cannot overthrow it; lest haply ye be found even to fight against God.	
Acts 5:4	Whiles it remained, was it not thine own? and after it was sold, was it not in thine own power? why hast thou conceived this thing in thine heart? thou hast not lied unto men, but unto God.	
Acts 5:41	And they departed from the presence of the council, rejoicing that they were counted worthy to suffer shame for his name.	
Acts 5:7	And it was about the space of three hours after, when his wife, not knowing what was done, came in.	
Acts 5:8	And Peter answered unto her, Tell me whether ye sold the land for so much? And she said, Yea, for so much.	
Acts 5:9	Then Peter said unto her, How is it that ye have agreed together to tempt the Spirit of the Lord? behold, the feet of them which have buried thy husband are at the door, and shall carry thee out.	
Acts 6:15	And all that sat in the council, looking stedfastly on him, saw his face as it had been the face of an angel.	
Acts 6:7	And the word of God increased; and the number of the disciples multiplied in Jerusalem greatly; and a great company of the priests were obedient to the faith.	
Acts 7:17	But when the time of the promise drew nigh, which God had sworn to Abraham, the people grew and multiplied in Egypt,	
Acts 7:30	And when forty years were expired, there appeared to him in the wilderness of mount Sina an angel of the Lord in a flame of fire in a bush.	
Acts 7:37	This is that Moses, which said unto the children of Israel, A prophet shall the Lord your God raise up unto you of your brethren, like unto me; him shall ye hear.	
Acts 7:38	This is he, that was in the church in the wilderness with the angel which spake to him in the mount Sina, and with our fathers: who received the lively oracles to give unto us:	
Acts 7:42	Then God turned, and gave them up to worship the host of heaven; as it is written in the book of the prophets, O ye house of Israel, have ye offered to me slain beasts and sacrifices by the space of forty years in the wilderness?	
Acts 7:44	Our fathers had the tabernacle of witness in the wilderness, as he had appointed, speaking unto Moses, that he should make it according to the fashion that he had seen.	
Acts 7:49	Heaven is my throne, and earth is my footstool: what house will ye build me? saith the Lord: or what is the place of my rest?	
Acts 7:5	And he gave him none inheritance in it, no, not so much as to set his foot on: yet he promised that he would give it to him for a possession, and to his seed after him, when as yet he had no child.	
Acts 7:50	Hath not my hand made all these things?	
Acts 7:52	Which of the prophets have not your fathers persecuted? and they have slain them which shewed before of the coming of the Just One; of whom ye have been now the betrayers and murderers:	
Acts 7:53	Who have received the law by the disposition of angels, and have not kept it.	
Acts 8:1	And Saul was consenting unto his death. And at that time there was a great persecution against the church which was at Jerusalem; and they were all scattered abroad throughout the regions of Judaea and Samaria, except the apostles.	
Acts 8:15	Who, when they were come down, prayed for them, that they might receive the Holy Ghost:	
Acts 8:18	And when Simon saw that through laying on of the apostles' hands the Holy Ghost was given, he offered them money,	
Acts 8:21	Thou hast neither part nor lot in this matter: for thy heart is not right in the sight of God.	
Acts 8:28	Was returning, and sitting in his chariot read Esaias the prophet.	
Acts 8:31	And he said, How can I, except some man should guide me? And he desired Philip that he would come up and sit with him.	
Acts 8:32	The place of the scripture which he read was this, He was led as a sheep to the slaughter; and like a lamb dumb before his shearer, so opened he not his mouth:	
Acts 8:34	And the eunuch answered Philip, and said, I pray thee, of whom speaketh the prophet this? of himself, or of some other man?	
Acts 8:37	And Philip said, If thou believest with all thine heart, thou mayest. And he answered and said, I believe that Jesus Christ is the Son of God.	
Acts 9:15	But the Lord said unto him, Go thy way: for he is a chosen vessel unto me, to bear my name before the Gentiles, and kings, and the children of Israel:	
Acts 9:16	For I will shew him how great things he must suffer for my name's sake.	
Acts 9:24	But their laying await was known of Saul. And they watched the gates day and night to kill him.	
Acts 9:28	And he was with them coming in and going out at Jerusalem.	
Acts 9:35	And all that dwelt at Lydda and Saron saw him, and turned to the Lord.	
Acts 9:36	Now there was at Joppa a certain disciple named Tabitha, which by interpretation is called Dorcas: this woman was full of good works and almsdeeds which she did.	
Acts 9:6	And he trembling and astonished said, Lord, what wilt thou have me to do? And the Lord said unto him, Arise, and go into the city, and it shall be told thee what thou must do.	
Amos 1:3	Thus saith the LORD; For three transgressions of Damascus, and for four, I will not turn away the punishment thereof; because they have threshed Gilead with threshing instruments of iron:	
Amos 1:5	I will break also the bar of Damascus, and cut off the inhabitant from the plain of Aven, and him that holdeth the sceptre from the house of Eden: and the people of Syria shall go into captivity unto Kir, saith the LORD.	
Amos 1:9	Thus saith the LORD; For three transgressions of Tyrus, and for four, I will not turn away the punishment thereof; because they delivered up the whole captivity to Edom, and remembered not the brotherly covenant:	
Amos 2:10	Also I brought you up from the land of Egypt, and led you forty years through the wilderness, to possess the land of the Amorite.	
Amos 2:12	But ye gave the Nazarites wine to drink; and commanded the prophets, saying, Prophesy not.	
Amos 2:13	Behold, I am pressed under you, as a cart is pressed that is full of sheaves.	
Amos 2:4	Thus saith the LORD; For three transgressions of Judah, and for four, I will not turn away the punishment thereof; because they have despised the law of the LORD, and have not kept his commandments, and their lies caused them to err, after the which their fathers have walked:	
Amos 2:6	Thus saith the LORD; For three transgressions of Israel, and for four, I will not turn away the punishment thereof; because they sold the righteous for silver, and the poor for a pair of shoes;	
Amos 2:9	Yet destroyed I the Amorite before them, whose height was like the height of the cedars, and he was strong as the oaks; yet I destroyed his fruit from above, and his roots from beneath.	
Amos 3:15	And I will smite the winter house with the summer house; and the houses of ivory shall perish, and the great houses shall have an end, saith the LORD.	
Amos 3:4	Will a lion roar in the forest, when he hath no prey? will a young lion cry out of his den, if he have taken nothing?	
Amos 3:6	Shall a trumpet be blown in the city, and the people not be afraid? shall there be evil in a city, and the LORD hath not done it?	
Amos 3:8	The lion hath roared, who will not fear? the Lord GOD hath spoken, who can but prophesy?	
Amos 4:1	Hear this word, ye kine of Bashan, that are in the mountain of Samaria, which oppress the poor, which crush the needy, which say to their masters, Bring, and let us drink.	
Amos 4:3	And ye shall go out at the breaches, every cow at that which is before her; and ye shall cast them into the palace, saith the LORD.	
Amos 4:4	Come to Bethel, and transgress; at Gilgal multiply transgression; and bring your sacrifices every morning, and your tithes after three years:	
Amos 5:1	Hear ye this word which I take up against you, even a lamentation, O house of Israel.	
Amos 5:10	They hate him that rebuketh in the gate, and they abhor him that speaketh uprightly.	
Amos 5:16	Therefore the LORD, the God of hosts, the LORD, saith thus; Wailing shall be in all streets; and they shall say in all the highways, Alas! alas! and they shall call the husbandman to mourning, and such as are skilful of lamentation to wailing.	
Amos 5:19	As if a man did flee from a lion, and a bear met him; or went into the house, and leaned his hand on the wall, and a serpent bit him.	
Amos 5:2	The virgin of Israel is fallen; she shall no more rise: she is forsaken upon her land; there is none to raise her up.	
Amos 5:3	For thus saith the Lord GOD; The city that went out by a thousand shall leave an hundred, and that which went forth by an hundred shall leave ten, to the house of Israel.	
Amos 6:1	Woe to them that are at ease in Zion, and trust in the mountain of Samaria, which are named chief of the nations, to whom the house of Israel came!	
Amos 6:11	For, behold, the LORD commandeth, and he will smite the great house with breaches, and the little house with clefts.	
Amos 6:14	But, behold, I will raise up against you a nation, O house of Israel, saith the LORD the God of hosts; and they shall afflict you from the entering in of Hemath unto the river of the wilderness.	
Amos 6:2	Pass ye unto Calneh, and see; and from thence go ye to Hamath the great: then go down to Gath of the Philistines: be they better than these kingdoms? or their border greater than your border?	
Amos 7:13	But prophesy not again any more at Bethel: for it is the king's chapel, and it is the king's court.	
Amos 7:14	Then answered Amos, and said to Amaziah, I was no prophet, neither was I a prophet's son; but I was an herdman, and a gatherer of sycomore fruit:	
Amos 7:15	And the LORD took me as I followed the flock, and the LORD said unto me, Go, prophesy unto my people Israel.	
Amos 7:17	Therefore thus saith the LORD; Thy wife shall be an harlot in the city, and thy sons and thy daughters shall fall by the sword, and thy land shall be divided by line; and thou shalt die in a polluted land: and Israel shall surely go into captivity forth of his land.	
Amos 7:2	And it came to pass, that when they had made an end of eating the grass of the land, then I said, O Lord GOD, forgive, I beseech thee: by whom shall Jacob arise? for he is small.	
Amos 7:5	Then said I, O Lord GOD, cease, I beseech thee: by whom shall Jacob arise? for he is small.	
Amos 7:6	The LORD repented for this: This also shall not be, saith the Lord GOD.	
Amos 8:11	Behold, the days come, saith the Lord GOD, that I will send a famine in the land, not a famine of bread, nor a thirst for water, but of hearing the words of the LORD:	
Amos 8:13	In that day shall the fair virgins and young men faint for thirst.	
Amos 8:5	Saying, When will the new moon be gone, that we may sell corn? and the sabbath, that we may set forth wheat, making the ephah small, and the shekel great, and falsifying the balances by deceit?	
Amos 9:11	In that day will I raise up the tabernacle of David that is fallen, and close up the breaches thereof; and I will raise up his ruins, and I will build it as in the days of old:	
Amos 9:12	That they may possess the remnant of Edom, and of all the heathen, which are called by my name, saith the LORD that doeth this.	
Amos 9:13	Behold, the days come, saith the LORD, that the plowman shall overtake the reaper, and the treader of grapes him that soweth seed; and the mountains shall drop sweet wine, and all the hills shall melt.	
Amos 9:14	And I will bring again the captivity of my people of Israel, and they shall build the waste cities, and inhabit them; and they shall plant vineyards, and drink the wine thereof; they shall also make gardens, and eat the fruit of them.	
Amos 9:15	And I will plant them upon their land, and they shall no more be pulled up out of their land which I have given them, saith the LORD thy God.	
Amos 9:4	And though they go into captivity before their enemies, thence will I command the sword, and it shall slay them: and I will set mine eyes upon them for evil, and not for good.	
Amos 9:5	And the Lord GOD of hosts is he that toucheth the land, and it shall melt, and all that dwell therein shall mourn: and it shall rise up wholly like a flood; and shall be drowned, as by the flood of Egypt.	
Amos 9:8	Behold, the eyes of the Lord GOD are upon the sinful kingdom, and I will destroy it from off the face of the earth; saving that I will not utterly destroy the house of Jacob, saith the LORD.	
Colossians 1:1	Paul, an apostle of Jesus Christ by the will of God, and Timotheus our brother,	
Colossians 1:13	Who hath delivered us from the power of darkness, and hath translated us into the kingdom of his dear Son:	
Colossians 1:15	Who is the image of the invisible God, the firstborn of every creature:	
Colossians 1:17	And he is before all things, and by him all things consist.	
Colossians 1:20	And, having made peace through the blood of his cross, by him to reconcile all things unto himself; by him, I say, whether they be things in earth, or things in heaven.	
Colossians 1:21	And you, that were sometime alienated and enemies in your mind by wicked works, yet now hath he reconciled	
Colossians 1:24	Who now rejoice in my sufferings for you, and fill up that which is behind of the afflictions of Christ in my flesh for his body's sake, which is the church:	
Colossians 1:5	For the hope which is laid up for you in heaven, whereof ye heard before in the word of the truth of the gospel;	
Colossians 1:7	As ye also learned of Epaphras our dear fellowservant, who is for you a faithful minister of Christ;	
Colossians 2:13	And you, being dead in your sins and the uncircumcision of your flesh, hath he quickened together with him, having forgiven you all trespasses;	
Colossians 2:21	(Touch not; taste not; handle not;	
Colossians 2:7	Rooted and built up in him, and stablished in the faith, as ye have been taught, abounding therein with thanksgiving.	
Colossians 3:12	Put on therefore, as the elect of God, holy and beloved, bowels of mercies, kindness, humbleness of mind, meekness, longsuffering;	
Colossians 3:16	Let the word of Christ dwell in you richly in all wisdom; teaching and admonishing one another in psalms and hymns and spiritual songs, singing with grace in your hearts to the Lord.	
Colossians 3:21	Fathers, provoke not your children to anger, lest they be discouraged.	
Colossians 4:15	Salute the brethren which are in Laodicea, and Nymphas, and the church which is in his house.	
Colossians 4:17	And say to Archippus, Take heed to the ministry which thou hast received in the Lord, that thou fulfil it.	
Colossians 4:3	Withal praying also for us, that God would open unto us a door of utterance, to speak the mystery of Christ, for which I am also in bonds:	
Colossians 4:9	With Onesimus, a faithful and beloved brother, who is one of you. They shall make known unto you all things which are done here.	
Daniel 10:12	Then said he unto me, Fear not, Daniel: for from the first day that thou didst set thine heart to understand, and to chasten thyself before thy God, thy words were heard, and I am come for thy words.	
Daniel 10:13	But the prince of the kingdom of Persia withstood me one and twenty days: but, lo, Michael, one of the chief princes, came to help me; and I remained there with the kings of Persia.	
Daniel 10:14	Now I am come to make thee understand what shall befall thy people in the latter days: for yet the vision is for many days.	
Daniel 10:15	And when he had spoken such words unto me, I set my face toward the ground, and I became dumb.	
Daniel 10:3	I ate no pleasant bread, neither came flesh nor wine in my mouth, neither did I anoint myself at all, till three whole weeks were fulfilled.	
Daniel 10:9	Yet heard I the voice of his words: and when I heard the voice of his words, then was I in a deep sleep on my face, and my face toward the ground.	
Daniel 11:10	But his sons shall be stirred up, and shall assemble a multitude of great forces: and one shall certainly come, and overflow, and pass through: then shall he return, and be stirred up, even to his fortress.	
Daniel 11:11	And the king of the south shall be moved with choler, and shall come forth and fight with him, even with the king of the north: and he shall set forth a great multitude; but the multitude shall be given into his hand.	
Daniel 11:13	For the king of the north shall return, and shall set forth a multitude greater than the former, and shall certainly come after certain years with a great army and with much riches.	
Daniel 11:21	And in his estate shall stand up a vile person, to whom they shall not give the honour of the kingdom: but he shall come in peaceably, and obtain the kingdom by flatteries.	
Daniel 11:25	And he shall stir up his power and his courage against the king of the south with a great army; and the king of the south shall be stirred up to battle with a very great and mighty army; but he shall not stand: for they shall forecast devices against him.	
Daniel 11:32	And such as do wickedly against the covenant shall he corrupt by flatteries: but the people that do know their God shall be strong, and do exploits.	
Daniel 11:35	And some of them of understanding shall fall, to try them, and to purge, and to make them white, even to the time of the end: because it is yet for a time appointed.	
Daniel 11:37	Neither shall he regard the God of his fathers, nor the desire of women, nor regard any god: for he shall magnify himself above all.	
Daniel 11:38	But in his estate shall he honour the God of forces: and a god whom his fathers knew not shall he honour with gold, and silver, and with precious stones, and pleasant things.	
Daniel 11:43	But he shall have power over the treasures of gold and of silver, and over all the precious things of Egypt: and the Libyans and the Ethiopians shall be at his steps.	
Daniel 11:45	And he shall plant the tabernacles of his palace between the seas in the glorious holy mountain; yet he shall come to his end, and none shall help him.	
Daniel 11:7	But out of a branch of her roots shall one stand up in his estate, which shall come with an army, and shall enter into the fortress of the king of the north, and shall deal against them, and shall prevail:	
Daniel 12:10	Many shall be purified, and made white, and tried; but the wicked shall do wickedly: and none of the wicked shall understand; but the wise shall understand.	
Daniel 12:12	Blessed is he that waiteth, and cometh to the thousand three hundred and five and thirty days.	
Daniel 12:3	And they that be wise shall shine as the brightness of the firmament; and they that turn many to righteousness as the stars for ever and ever.	
Daniel 12:6	And one said to the man clothed in linen, which was upon the waters of the river, How long shall it be to the end of these wonders?	
Daniel 1:1	In the third year of the reign of Jehoiakim king of Judah came Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon unto Jerusalem, and besieged it.	
Daniel 1:11	Then said Daniel to Melzar, whom the prince of the eunuchs had set over Daniel, Hananiah, Mishael, and Azariah,	
Daniel 1:12	Prove thy servants, I beseech thee, ten days; and let them give us pulse to eat, and water to drink.	
Daniel 1:17	As for these four children, God gave them knowledge and skill in all learning and wisdom: and Daniel had understanding in all visions and dreams.	
Daniel 1:20	And in all matters of wisdom and understanding, that the king enquired of them, he found them ten times better than all the magicians and astrologers that were in all his realm.	
Daniel 1:6	Now among these were of the children of Judah, Daniel, Hananiah, Mishael, and Azariah:	
Daniel 1:7	Unto whom the prince of the eunuchs gave names: for he gave unto Daniel the name of Belteshazzar; and to Hananiah, of Shadrach; and to Mishael, of Meshach; and to Azariah, of Abednego.	
Daniel 1:8	But Daniel purposed in his heart that he would not defile himself with the portion of the king's meat, nor with the wine which he drank: therefore he requested of the prince of the eunuchs that he might not defile himself.	
Daniel 2:11	And it is a rare thing that the king requireth, and there is none other that can shew it before the king, except the gods, whose dwelling is not with flesh.	
Daniel 2:23	I thank thee, and praise thee, O thou God of my fathers, who hast given me wisdom and might, and hast made known unto me now what we desired of thee: for thou hast now made known unto us the king's matter.	
Daniel 2:24	Therefore Daniel went in unto Arioch, whom the king had ordained to destroy the wise men of Babylon: he went and said thus unto him; Destroy not the wise men of Babylon: bring me in before the king, and I will shew unto the king the interpretation.	
Daniel 2:33	His legs of iron, his feet part of iron and part of clay.	
Daniel 2:42	And as the toes of the feet were part of iron, and part of clay, so the kingdom shall be partly strong, and partly broken.	
Daniel 2:44	And in the days of these kings shall the God of heaven set up a kingdom, which shall never be destroyed: and the kingdom shall not be left to other people, but it shall break in pieces and consume all these kingdoms, and it shall stand for ever.	
Daniel 2:49	Then Daniel requested of the king, and he set Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, over the affairs of the province of Babylon: but Daniel sat in the gate of the king.	
Daniel 2:5	The king answered and said to the Chaldeans, The thing is gone from me: if ye will not make known unto me the dream, with the interpretation thereof, ye shall be cut in pieces, and your houses shall be made a dunghill.	
Daniel 2:9	But if ye will not make known unto me the dream, there is but one decree for you: for ye have prepared lying and corrupt words to speak before me, till the time be changed: therefore tell me the dream, and I shall know that ye can shew me the interpretation thereof.	
Daniel 3:11	And whoso falleth not down and worshippeth, that he should be cast into the midst of a burning fiery furnace.	
Daniel 3:16	Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, answered and said to the king, O Nebuchadnezzar, we are not careful to answer thee in this matter.	
Daniel 3:20	And he commanded the most mighty men that were in his army to bind Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, and to cast them into the burning fiery furnace.	
Daniel 3:23	And these three men, Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, fell down bound into the midst of the burning fiery furnace.	
Daniel 3:24	Then Nebuchadnezzar the king was astonied, and rose up in haste, and spake, and said unto his counsellors, Did not we cast three men bound into the midst of the fire? They answered and said unto the king, True, O king.	
Daniel 3:27	And the princes, governors, and captains, and the king's counsellors, being gathered together, saw these men, upon whose bodies the fire had no power, nor was an hair of their head singed, neither were their coats changed, nor the smell of fire had passed on them.	
Daniel 3:28	Then Nebuchadnezzar spake, and said, Blessed be the God of Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, who hath sent his angel, and delivered his servants that trusted in him, and have changed the king's word, and yielded their bodies, that they might not serve nor worship any god, except their own God.	
Daniel 3:30	Then the king promoted Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, in the province of Babylon.	
Daniel 3:4	Then an herald cried aloud, To you it is commanded, O people, nations, and languages,	
Daniel 3:9	They spake and said to the king Nebuchadnezzar, O king, live for ever.	
Daniel 4:17	This matter is by the decree of the watchers, and the demand by the word of the holy ones: to the intent that the living may know that the most High ruleth in the kingdom of men, and giveth it to whomsoever he will, and setteth up over it the basest of men.	
Daniel 4:21	Whose leaves were fair, and the fruit thereof much, and in it was meat for all; under which the beasts of the field dwelt, and upon whose branches the fowls of the heaven had their habitation:	
Daniel 4:24	This is the interpretation, O king, and this is the decree of the most High, which is come upon my lord the king:	
Daniel 4:32	And they shall drive thee from men, and thy dwelling shall be with the beasts of the field: they shall make thee to eat grass as oxen, and seven times shall pass over thee, until thou know that the most High ruleth in the kingdom of men, and giveth it to whomsoever he will.	
Daniel 4:34	And at the end of the days I Nebuchadnezzar lifted up mine eyes unto heaven, and mine understanding returned unto me, and I blessed the most High, and I praised and honoured him that liveth for ever, whose dominion is an everlasting dominion, and his kingdom is from generation to generation:	
Daniel 4:35	And all the inhabitants of the earth are reputed as nothing: and he doeth according to his will in the army of heaven, and among the inhabitants of the earth: and none can stay his hand, or say unto him, What doest thou?	
Daniel 4:37	Now I Nebuchadnezzar praise and extol and honour the King of heaven, all whose works are truth, and his ways judgment: and those that walk in pride he is able to abase.	
Daniel 4:5	I saw a dream which made me afraid, and the thoughts upon my bed and the visions of my head troubled me.	
Daniel 4:8	But at the last Daniel came in before me, whose name was Belteshazzar, according to the name of my God, and in whom is the spirit of the holy gods: and before him I told the dream, saying,	
Daniel 4:9	O Belteshazzar, master of the magicians, because I know that the spirit of the holy gods is in thee, and no secret troubleth thee, tell me the visions of my dream that I have seen, and the interpretation thereof.	
Daniel 5:18	O thou king, the most high God gave Nebuchadnezzar thy father a kingdom, and majesty, and glory, and honour:	
Daniel 5:21	And he was driven from the sons of men; and his heart was made like the beasts, and his dwelling was with the wild asses: they fed him with grass like oxen, and his body was wet with the dew of heaven; till he knew that the most high God ruled in the kingdom of men, and that he appointeth over it whomsoever he will.	
Daniel 5:23	But hast lifted up thyself against the Lord of heaven; and they have brought the vessels of his house before thee, and thou, and thy lords, thy wives, and thy concubines, have drunk wine in them; and thou hast praised the gods of silver, and gold, of brass, iron, wood, and stone, which see not, nor hear, nor know: and the God in whose hand thy breath is, and whose are all thy ways, hast thou not glorified:	
Daniel 5:24	Then was the part of the hand sent from him; and this writing was written.	
Daniel 5:28	PERES; Thy kingdom is divided, and given to the Medes and Persians.	
Daniel 5:31	And Darius the Median took the kingdom, being about threescore and two years old.	
Daniel 5:5	In the same hour came forth fingers of a man's hand, and wrote over against the candlestick upon the plaister of the wall of the king's palace: and the king saw the part of the hand that wrote.	
Daniel 5:7	The king cried aloud to bring in the astrologers, the Chaldeans, and the soothsayers. And the king spake, and said to the wise men of Babylon, Whosoever shall read this writing, and shew me the interpretation thereof, shall be clothed with scarlet, and have a chain of gold about his neck, and shall be the third ruler in the kingdom.	
Daniel 6:14	Then the king, when he heard these words, was sore displeased with himself, and set his heart on Daniel to deliver him: and he laboured till the going down of the sun to deliver him.	
Daniel 6:17	And a stone was brought, and laid upon the mouth of the den; and the king sealed it with his own signet, and with the signet of his lords; that the purpose might not be changed concerning Daniel.	
Daniel 6:20	And when he came to the den, he cried with a lamentable voice unto Daniel: and the king spake and said to Daniel, O Daniel, servant of the living God, is thy God, whom thou servest continually, able to deliver thee from the lions?	
Daniel 6:22	My God hath sent his angel, and hath shut the lions' mouths, that they have not hurt me: forasmuch as before him innocency was found in me; and also before thee, O king, have I done no hurt.	
Daniel 6:24	And the king commanded, and they brought those men which had accused Daniel, and they cast them into the den of lions, them, their children, and their wives; and the lions had the mastery of them, and brake all their bones in pieces or ever they came at the bottom of the den.	
Daniel 6:25	Then king Darius wrote unto all people, nations, and languages, that dwell in all the earth; Peace be multiplied unto you.	
Daniel 6:3	Then this Daniel was preferred above the presidents and princes, because an excellent spirit was in him; and the king thought to set him over the whole realm.	
Daniel 6:7	All the presidents of the kingdom, the governors, and the princes, the counsellors, and the captains, have consulted together to establish a royal statute, and to make a firm decree, that whosoever shall ask a petition of any God or man for thirty days, save of thee, O king, he shall be cast into the den of lions.	
Daniel 6:8	Now, O king, establish the decree, and sign the writing, that it be not changed, according to the law of the Medes and Persians, which altereth not.	
Daniel 7:1	In the first year of Belshazzar king of Babylon Daniel had a dream and visions of his head upon his bed: then he wrote the dream, and told the sum of the matters.	
Daniel 7:10	A fiery stream issued and came forth from before him: thousand thousands ministered unto him, and ten thousand times ten thousand stood before him: the judgment was set, and the books were opened.	
Daniel 7:11	I beheld then because of the voice of the great words which the horn spake: I beheld even till the beast was slain, and his body destroyed, and given to the burning flame.	
Daniel 7:18	But the saints of the most High shall take the kingdom, and possess the kingdom for ever, even for ever and ever.	
Daniel 7:20	And of the ten horns that were in his head, and of the other which came up, and before whom three fell; even of that horn that had eyes, and a mouth that spake very great things, whose look was more stout than his fellows.	
Daniel 7:25	And he shall speak great words against the most High, and shall wear out the saints of the most High, and think to change times and laws: and they shall be given into his hand until a time and times and the dividing of time.	
Daniel 7:26	But the judgment shall sit, and they shall take away his dominion, to consume and to destroy it unto the end.	
Daniel 7:7	After this I saw in the night visions, and behold a fourth beast, dreadful and terrible, and strong exceedingly; and it had great iron teeth: it devoured and brake in pieces, and stamped the residue with the feet of it: and it was diverse from all the beasts that were before it; and it had ten horns.	
Daniel 7:8	I considered the horns, and, behold, there came up among them another little horn, before whom there were three of the first horns plucked up by the roots: and, behold, in this horn were eyes like the eyes of man, and a mouth speaking great things.	
Daniel 8:1	In the third year of the reign of king Belshazzar a vision appeared unto me, even unto me Daniel, after that which appeared unto me at the first.	
Daniel 8:12	And an host was given him against the daily sacrifice by reason of transgression, and it cast down the truth to the ground; and it practised, and prospered.	
Daniel 8:19	And he said, Behold, I will make thee know what shall be in the last end of the indignation: for at the time appointed the end shall be.	
Daniel 8:6	And he came to the ram that had two horns, which I had seen standing before the river, and ran unto him in the fury of his power.	
Daniel 8:8	Therefore the he goat waxed very great: and when he was strong, the great horn was broken; and for it came up four notable ones toward the four winds of heaven.	
Daniel 9:12	And he hath confirmed his words, which he spake against us, and against our judges that judged us, by bringing upon us a great evil: for under the whole heaven hath not been done as hath been done upon Jerusalem.	
Daniel 9:13	As it is written in the law of Moses, all this evil is come upon us: yet made we not our prayer before the LORD our God, that we might turn from our iniquities, and understand thy truth.	
Daniel 9:18	O my God, incline thine ear, and hear; open thine eyes, and behold our desolations, and the city which is called by thy name: for we do not present our supplications before thee for our righteousnesses, but for thy great mercies.	
Daniel 9:20	And whiles I was speaking, and praying, and confessing my sin and the sin of my people Israel, and presenting my supplication before the LORD my God for the holy mountain of my God;	
Daniel 9:21	Yea, whiles I was speaking in prayer, even the man Gabriel, whom I had seen in the vision at the beginning, being caused to fly swiftly, touched me about the time of the evening oblation.	
Daniel 9:26	And after threescore and two weeks shall Messiah be cut off, but not for himself: and the people of the prince that shall come shall destroy the city and the sanctuary; and the end thereof shall be with a flood, and unto the end of the war desolations are determined.	
Daniel 9:5	We have sinned, and have committed iniquity, and have done wickedly, and have rebelled, even by departing from thy precepts and from thy judgments:	
Daniel 9:7	O LORD, righteousness belongeth unto thee, but unto us confusion of faces, as at this day; to the men of Judah, and to the inhabitants of Jerusalem, and unto all Israel, that are near, and that are far off, through all the countries whither thou hast driven them, because of their trespass that they have trespassed against thee.	
Deuteronomy 10:18	He doth execute the judgment of the fatherless and widow, and loveth the stranger, in giving him food and raiment.	
Deuteronomy 10:19	Love ye therefore the stranger: for ye were strangers in the land of Egypt.	
Deuteronomy 10:9	Wherefore Levi hath no part nor inheritance with his brethren; the LORD is his inheritance, according as the LORD thy God promised him.	
Deuteronomy 11:10	For the land, whither thou goest in to possess it, is not as the land of Egypt, from whence ye came out, where thou sowedst thy seed, and wateredst it with thy foot, as a garden of herbs:	
Deuteronomy 11:12	A land which the LORD thy God careth for: the eyes of the LORD thy God are always upon it, from the beginning of the year even unto the end of the year.	
Deuteronomy 11:16	Take heed to yourselves, that your heart be not deceived, and ye turn aside, and serve other gods, and worship them;	
Deuteronomy 11:26	Behold, I set before you this day a blessing and a curse;	
Deuteronomy 11:30	Are they not on the other side Jordan, by the way where the sun goeth down, in the land of the Canaanites, which dwell in the champaign over against Gilgal, beside the plains of Moreh?	
Deuteronomy 12:12	And ye shall rejoice before the LORD your God, ye, and your sons, and your daughters, and your menservants, and your maidservants, and the Levite that is within your gates; forasmuch as he hath no part nor inheritance with you.	
Deuteronomy 12:17	Thou mayest not eat within thy gates the tithe of thy corn, or of thy wine, or of thy oil, or the firstlings of thy herds or of thy flock, nor any of thy vows which thou vowest, nor thy freewill offerings, or heave offering of thine hand:	
Deuteronomy 12:30	Take heed to thyself that thou be not snared by following them, after that they be destroyed from before thee; and that thou inquire not after their gods, saying, How did these nations serve their gods? even so will I do likewise.	
Deuteronomy 12:32	What thing soever I command you, observe to do it: thou shalt not add thereto, nor diminish from it.	
Deuteronomy 12:4	Ye shall not do so unto the LORD your God.	
Deuteronomy 12:8	Ye shall not do after all the things that we do here this day, every man whatsoever is right in his own eyes.	
Deuteronomy 13:3	Thou shalt not hearken unto the words of that prophet, or that dreamer of dreams: for the LORD your God proveth you, to know whether ye love the LORD your God with all your heart and with all your soul.	
Deuteronomy 13:4	Ye shall walk after the LORD your God, and fear him, and keep his commandments, and obey his voice, and ye shall serve him, and cleave unto him.	
Deuteronomy 13:6	If thy brother, the son of thy mother, or thy son, or thy daughter, or the wife of thy bosom, or thy friend, which is as thine own soul, entice thee secretly, saying, Let us go and serve other gods, which thou hast not known, thou, nor thy fathers;	
Deuteronomy 14:1	Ye are the children of the LORD your God: ye shall not cut yourselves, nor make any baldness between your eyes for the dead.	
Deuteronomy 14:10	And whatsoever hath not fins and scales ye may not eat; it is unclean unto you.	
Deuteronomy 14:14	And every raven after his kind,	
Deuteronomy 14:26	And thou shalt bestow that money for whatsoever thy soul lusteth after, for oxen, or for sheep, or for wine, or for strong drink, or for whatsoever thy soul desireth: and thou shalt eat there before the LORD thy God, and thou shalt rejoice, thou, and thine household,	
Deuteronomy 14:27	And the Levite that is within thy gates; thou shalt not forsake him; for he hath no part nor inheritance with thee.	
Deuteronomy 14:5	The hart, and the roebuck, and the fallow deer, and the wild goat, and the pygarg, and the wild ox, and the chamois.	
Deuteronomy 14:6	And every beast that parteth the hoof, and cleaveth the cleft into two claws, and cheweth the cud among the beasts, that ye shall eat.	
Deuteronomy 14:8	And the swine, because it divideth the hoof, yet cheweth not the cud, it is unclean unto you: ye shall not eat of their flesh, nor touch their dead carcass.	
Deuteronomy 15:10	Thou shalt surely give him, and thine heart shall not be grieved when thou givest unto him: because that for this thing the LORD thy God shall bless thee in all thy works, and in all that thou puttest thine hand unto.	
Deuteronomy 15:18	It shall not seem hard unto thee, when thou sendest him away free from thee; for he hath been worth a double hired servant to thee, in serving thee six years: and the LORD thy God shall bless thee in all that thou doest.	
Deuteronomy 15:20	Thou shalt eat it before the LORD thy God year by year in the place which the LORD shall choose, thou and thy household.	
Deuteronomy 15:22	Thou shalt eat it within thy gates: the unclean and the clean person shall eat it alike, as the roebuck, and as the hart.	
Deuteronomy 16:10	And thou shalt keep the feast of weeks unto the LORD thy God with a tribute of a freewill offering of thine hand, which thou shalt give unto the LORD thy God, according as the LORD thy God hath blessed thee:	
Deuteronomy 16:15	Seven days shalt thou keep a solemn feast unto the LORD thy God in the place which the LORD shall choose: because the LORD thy God shall bless thee in all thine increase, and in all the works of thine hands, therefore thou shalt surely rejoice.	
Deuteronomy 16:16	Three times in a year shall all thy males appear before the LORD thy God in the place which he shall choose; in the feast of unleavened bread, and in the feast of weeks, and in the feast of tabernacles: and they shall not appear before the LORD empty:	
Deuteronomy 16:21	Thou shalt not plant thee a grove of any trees near unto the altar of the LORD thy God, which thou shalt make thee.	
Deuteronomy 16:3	Thou shalt eat no leavened bread with it; seven days shalt thou eat unleavened bread therewith, even the bread of affliction; for thou camest forth out of the land of Egypt in haste: that thou mayest remember the day when thou camest forth out of the land of Egypt all the days of thy life.	
Deuteronomy 16:9	Seven weeks shalt thou number unto thee: begin to number the seven weeks from such time as thou beginnest to put the sickle to the corn.	
Deuteronomy 17:14	When thou art come unto the land which the LORD thy God giveth thee, and shalt possess it, and shalt dwell therein, and shalt say, I will set a king over me, like as all the nations that are about me;	
Deuteronomy 17:18	And it shall be, when he sitteth upon the throne of his kingdom, that he shall write him a copy of this law in a book out of that which is before the priests the Levites:	
Deuteronomy 17:5	Then shalt thou bring forth that man or that woman, which have committed that wicked thing, unto thy gates, even that man or that woman, and shalt stone them with stones, till they die.	
Deuteronomy 17:7	The hands of the witnesses shall be first upon him to put him to death, and afterward the hands of all the people. So thou shalt put the evil away from among you.	
Deuteronomy 17:9	And thou shalt come unto the priests the Levites, and unto the judge that shall be in those days, and inquire; and they shall show thee the sentence of judgment:	
Deuteronomy 18:13	Thou shalt be perfect with the LORD thy God.	
Deuteronomy 18:14	For these nations, which thou shalt possess, hearkened unto observers of times, and unto diviners: but as for thee, the LORD thy God hath not suffered thee so to do.	
Deuteronomy 18:16	According to all that thou desiredst of the LORD thy God in Horeb in the day of the assembly, saying, Let me not hear again the voice of the LORD my God, neither let me see this great fire any more, that I die not.	
Deuteronomy 18:18	I will raise them up a Prophet from among their brethren, like unto thee, and will put my words in his mouth; and he shall speak unto them all that I shall command him.	
Deuteronomy 18:19	And it shall come to pass, that whosoever will not hearken unto my words which he shall speak in my name, I will require it of him.	
Deuteronomy 18:21	And if thou say in thine heart, How shall we know the word which the LORD hath not spoken?	
Deuteronomy 18:4	The firstfruit also of thy corn, of thy wine, and of thine oil, and the first of the fleece of thy sheep, shalt thou give him.	
Deuteronomy 18:8	They shall have like portions to eat, beside that which cometh of the sale of his patrimony.	
Deuteronomy 18:9	When thou art come into the land which the LORD thy God giveth thee, thou shalt not learn to do after the abominations of those nations.	
Deuteronomy 19:1	When the LORD thy God hath cut off the nations, whose land the LORD thy God giveth thee, and thou succeedest them, and dwellest in their cities, and in their houses;	
Deuteronomy 19:14	Thou shalt not remove thy neighbor's landmark, which they of old time have set in thine inheritance, which thou shalt inherit in the land that the LORD thy God giveth thee to possess it.	
Deuteronomy 19:17	Then both the men, between whom the controversy is, shall stand before the LORD, before the priests and the judges, which shall be in those days;	
Deuteronomy 19:18	And the judges shall make diligent inquisition: and, behold, if the witness be a false witness, and hath testified falsely against his brother;	
Deuteronomy 19:20	And those which remain shall hear, and fear, and shall henceforth commit no more any such evil among you.	
Deuteronomy 19:4	And this is the case of the slayer, which shall flee thither, that he may live: Whoso killeth his neighbor ignorantly, whom he hated not in time past;	
Deuteronomy 19:7	Wherefore I command thee, saying, Thou shalt separate three cities for thee.	
Deuteronomy 1:13	Take you wise men, and understanding, and known among your tribes, and I will make them rulers over you.	
Deuteronomy 1:14	And ye answered me, and said, The thing which thou hast spoken is good for us to do.	
Deuteronomy 1:18	And I commanded you at that time all the things which ye should do.	
Deuteronomy 1:25	And they took of the fruit of the land in their hands, and brought it down unto us, and brought us word again, and said, It is a good land which the LORD our God doth give us.	
Deuteronomy 1:26	Notwithstanding ye would not go up, but rebelled against the commandment of the LORD your God:	
Deuteronomy 1:27	And ye murmured in your tents, and said, Because the LORD hated us, he hath brought us forth out of the land of Egypt, to deliver us into the hand of the Amorites, to destroy us.	
Deuteronomy 1:28	Whither shall we go up? our brethren have discouraged our heart, saying, The people is greater and taller than we; the cities are great and walled up to heaven; and moreover we have seen the sons of the Anakims there.	
Deuteronomy 1:30	The LORD your God which goeth before you, he shall fight for you, according to all that he did for you in Egypt before your eyes;	
Deuteronomy 1:32	Yet in this thing ye did not believe the LORD your God,	
Deuteronomy 1:38	But Joshua the son of Nun, which standeth before thee, he shall go in thither: encourage him: for he shall cause Israel to inherit it.	
Deuteronomy 1:39	Moreover your little ones, which ye said should be a prey, and your children, which in that day had no knowledge between good and evil, they shall go in thither, and unto them will I give it, and they shall possess it.	
Deuteronomy 1:9	And I spake unto you at that time, saying, I am not able to bear you myself alone:	
Deuteronomy 20:10	When thou comest nigh unto a city to fight against it, then proclaim peace unto it.	
Deuteronomy 20:14	But the women, and the little ones, and the cattle, and all that is in the city, even all the spoil thereof, shalt thou take unto thyself; and thou shalt eat the spoil of thine enemies, which the LORD thy God hath given thee.	
Deuteronomy 20:18	That they teach you not to do after all their abominations, which they have done unto their gods; so should ye sin against the LORD your God.	
Deuteronomy 20:5	And the officers shall speak unto the people, saying, What man is there that hath built a new house, and hath not dedicated it? let him go and return to his house, lest he die in the battle, and another man dedicate it.	
Deuteronomy 20:7	And what man is there that hath betrothed a wife, and hath not taken her? let him go and return unto his house, lest he die in the battle, and another man take her.	
Deuteronomy 20:8	And the officers shall speak further unto the people, and they shall say, What man is there that is fearful and fainthearted? let him go and return unto his house, lest his brethren's heart faint as well as his heart.	
Deuteronomy 20:9	And it shall be, when the officers have made an end of speaking unto the people that they shall make captains of the armies to lead the people.	
Deuteronomy 21:11	And seest among the captives a beautiful woman, and hast a desire unto her, that thou wouldest have her to thy wife;	
Deuteronomy 21:13	And she shall put the raiment of her captivity from off her, and shall remain in thine house, and bewail her father and her mother a full month: and after that thou shalt go in unto her, and be her husband, and she shall be thy wife.	
Deuteronomy 21:16	Then it shall be, when he maketh his sons to inherit that which he hath, that he may not make the son of the beloved firstborn before the son of the hated, which is indeed the firstborn:	
Deuteronomy 21:2	Then thy elders and thy judges shall come forth, and they shall measure unto the cities which are round about him that is slain:	
Deuteronomy 21:3	And it shall be, that the city which is next unto the slain man, even the elders of that city shall take an heifer, which hath not been wrought with, and which hath not drawn in the yoke;	
Deuteronomy 22:12	Thou shalt make thee fringes upon the four quarters of thy vesture, wherewith thou coverest thyself.	
Deuteronomy 22:14	And give occasions of speech against her, and bring up an evil name upon her, and say, I took this woman, and when I came to her, I found her not a maid:	
Deuteronomy 22:19	And they shall amerce him in an hundred shekels of silver, and give them unto the father of the damsel, because he hath brought up an evil name upon a virgin of Israel: and she shall be his wife; he may not put her away all his days.	
Deuteronomy 22:22	If a man be found lying with a woman married to an husband, then they shall both of them die, both the man that lay with the woman, and the woman: so shalt thou put away evil from Israel.	
Deuteronomy 22:23	If a damsel that is a virgin be betrothed unto an husband, and a man find her in the city, and lie with her;	
Deuteronomy 23:1	He that is wounded in the stones, or hath his privy member cut off, shall not enter into the congregation of the LORD.	
Deuteronomy 23:12	Thou shalt have a place also without the camp, whither thou shalt go forth abroad:	
Deuteronomy 23:19	Thou shalt not lend upon usury to thy brother; usury of money, usury of victuals, usury of any thing that is lent upon usury:	
Deuteronomy 23:20	Unto a stranger thou mayest lend upon usury; but unto thy brother thou shalt not lend upon usury: that the LORD thy God may bless thee in all that thou settest thine hand to in the land whither thou goest to possess it.	
Deuteronomy 23:21	When thou shalt vow a vow unto the LORD thy God, thou shalt not slack to pay it: for the LORD thy God will surely require it of thee; and it would be sin in thee.	
Deuteronomy 23:6	Thou shalt not seek their peace nor their prosperity all thy days for ever.	
Deuteronomy 24:10	When thou dost lend thy brother any thing, thou shalt not go into his house to fetch his pledge.	
Deuteronomy 24:12	And if the man be poor, thou shalt not sleep with his pledge:	
Deuteronomy 24:14	Thou shalt not oppress an hired servant that is poor and needy, whether he be of thy brethren, or of thy strangers that are in thy land within thy gates:	
Deuteronomy 24:3	And if the latter husband hate her, and write her a bill of divorcement, and giveth it in her hand, and sendeth her out of his house; or if the latter husband die, which took her to be his wife;	
Deuteronomy 24:4	Her former husband, which sent her away, may not take her again to be his wife, after that she is defiled; for that is abomination before the LORD: and thou shalt not cause the land to sin, which the LORD thy God giveth thee for an inheritance.	
Deuteronomy 24:5	When a man hath taken a new wife, he shall not go out to war, neither shall he be charged with any business: but he shall be free at home one year, and shall cheer up his wife which he hath taken.	
Deuteronomy 24:6	No man shall take the nether or the upper millstone to pledge: for he taketh a man's life to pledge.	
Deuteronomy 24:8	Take heed in the plague of leprosy, that thou observe diligently, and do according to all that the priests the Levites shall teach you: as I commanded them, so ye shall observe to do.	
Deuteronomy 25:1	If there be a controversy between men, and they come unto judgment, that the judges may judge them; then they shall justify the righteous, and condemn the wicked.	
Deuteronomy 25:11	When men strive together one with another, and the wife of the one draweth near for to deliver her husband out of the hand of him that smiteth him, and putteth forth her hand, and taketh him by the secrets:	
Deuteronomy 25:18	How he met thee by the way, and smote the hindmost of thee, even all that were feeble behind thee, when thou wast faint and weary; and he feared not God.	
Deuteronomy 25:4	Thou shalt not muzzle the ox when he treadeth out the corn.	
Deuteronomy 26:10	And now, behold, I have brought the firstfruits of the land, which thou, O LORD, hast given me. And thou shalt set it before the LORD thy God, and worship before the LORD thy God:	
Deuteronomy 26:14	I have not eaten thereof in my mourning, neither have I taken away ought thereof for any unclean use, nor given ought thereof for the dead: but I have hearkened to the voice of the LORD my God, and have done according to all that thou hast commanded me.	
Deuteronomy 26:2	That thou shalt take of the first of all the fruit of the earth, which thou shalt bring of thy land that the LORD thy God giveth thee, and shalt put it in a basket, and shalt go unto the place which the LORD thy God shall choose to place his name there.	
Deuteronomy 27:13	And these shall stand upon mount Ebal to curse; Reuben, Gad, and Asher, and Zebulun, Dan, and Naphtali.	
Deuteronomy 27:14	And the Levites shall speak, and say unto all the men of Israel with a loud voice,	
Deuteronomy 27:18	Cursed be he that maketh the blind to wander out of the way. And all the people shall say, Amen.	
Deuteronomy 27:21	Cursed be he that lieth with any manner of beast. And all the people shall say, Amen.	
Deuteronomy 27:22	Cursed be he that lieth with his sister, the daughter of his father, or the daughter of his mother. And all the people shall say, Amen.	
Deuteronomy 27:3	And thou shalt write upon them all the words of this law, when thou art passed over, that thou mayest go in unto the land which the LORD thy God giveth thee, a land that floweth with milk and honey; as the LORD God of thy fathers hath promised thee.	
Deuteronomy 27:5	And there shalt thou build an altar unto the LORD thy God, an altar of stones: thou shalt not lift up any iron tool upon them.	
Deuteronomy 28:2	And all these blessings shall come on thee, and overtake thee, if thou shalt hearken unto the voice of the LORD thy God.	
Deuteronomy 28:25	The LORD shall cause thee to be smitten before thine enemies: thou shalt go out one way against them, and flee seven ways before them: and shalt be removed into all the kingdoms of the earth.	
Deuteronomy 28:26	And thy carcass shall be meat unto all fowls of the air, and unto the beasts of the earth, and no man shall fray them away.	
Deuteronomy 28:27	The LORD will smite thee with the botch of Egypt, and with the emerods, and with the scab, and with the itch, whereof thou canst not be healed.	
Deuteronomy 28:35	The LORD shall smite thee in the knees, and in the legs, with a sore botch that cannot be healed, from the sole of thy foot unto the top of thy head.	
Deuteronomy 28:45	Moreover all these curses shall come upon thee, and shall pursue thee, and overtake thee, till thou be destroyed; because thou hearkenedst not unto the voice of the LORD thy God, to keep his commandments and his statutes which he commanded thee:	
Deuteronomy 28:5	Blessed shall be thy basket and thy store.	
Deuteronomy 28:54	So that the man that is tender among you, and very delicate, his eye shall be evil toward his brother, and toward the wife of his bosom, and toward the remnant of his children which he shall leave:	
Deuteronomy 28:56	The tender and delicate woman among you, which would not adventure to set the sole of her foot upon the ground for delicateness and tenderness, her eye shall be evil toward the husband of her bosom, and toward her son, and toward her daughter,	
Deuteronomy 28:57	And toward her young one that cometh out from between her feet, and toward her children which she shall bear: for she shall eat them for want of all things secretly in the siege and straitness, wherewith thine enemy shall distress thee in thy gates.	
Deuteronomy 28:62	And ye shall be left few in number, whereas ye were as the stars of heaven for multitude; because thou wouldest not obey the voice of the LORD thy God.	
Deuteronomy 28:63	And it shall come to pass, that as the LORD rejoiced over you to do you good, and to multiply you; so the LORD will rejoice over you to destroy you, and to bring you to nought; and ye shall be plucked from off the land whither thou goest to possess it.	
Deuteronomy 28:8	The LORD shall command the blessing upon thee in thy storehouses, and in all that thou settest thine hand unto; and he shall bless thee in the land which the LORD thy God giveth thee.	
Deuteronomy 29:12	That thou shouldest enter into covenant with the LORD thy God, and into his oath, which the LORD thy God maketh with thee this day:	
Deuteronomy 29:13	That he may establish thee to day for a people unto himself, and that he may be unto thee a God, as he hath said unto thee, and as he hath sworn unto thy fathers, to Abraham, to Isaac, and to Jacob.	
Deuteronomy 29:14	Neither with you only do I make this covenant and this oath;	
Deuteronomy 29:16	(For ye know how we have dwelt in the land of Egypt; and how we came through the nations which ye passed by;	
Deuteronomy 29:18	Lest there should be among you man, or woman, or family, or tribe, whose heart turneth away this day from the LORD our God, to go and serve the gods of these nations; lest there should be among you a root that beareth gall and wormwood;	
Deuteronomy 29:19	And it come to pass, when he heareth the words of this curse, that he bless himself in his heart, saying, I shall have peace, though I walk in the imagination of mine heart, to add drunkenness to thirst:	
Deuteronomy 29:20	The LORD will not spare him, but then the anger of the LORD and his jealousy shall smoke against that man, and all the curses that are written in this book shall lie upon him, and the LORD shall blot out his name from under heaven.	
Deuteronomy 29:5	And I have led you forty years in the wilderness: your clothes are not waxen old upon you, and thy shoe is not waxen old upon thy foot.	
Deuteronomy 2:1	Then we turned, and took our journey into the wilderness by the way of the Red sea, as the LORD spake unto me: and we compassed mount Seir many days.	
Deuteronomy 2:15	For indeed the hand of the LORD was against them, to destroy them from among the host, until they were consumed.	
Deuteronomy 2:17	That the LORD spake unto me, saying,	
Deuteronomy 2:27	Let me pass through thy land: I will go along by the high way, I will neither turn unto the right hand nor to the left.	
Deuteronomy 2:28	Thou shalt sell me meat for money, that I may eat; and give me water for money, that I may drink: only I will pass through on my feet;	
Deuteronomy 2:3	Ye have compassed this mountain long enough: turn you northward.	
Deuteronomy 2:30	But Sihon king of Heshbon would not let us pass by him: for the LORD thy God hardened his spirit, and made his heart obstinate, that he might deliver him into thy hand, as appeareth this day.	
Deuteronomy 2:31	And the LORD said unto me, Behold, I have begun to give Sihon and his land before thee: begin to possess, that thou mayest inherit his land.	
Deuteronomy 2:34	And we took all his cities at that time, and utterly destroyed the men, and the women, and the little ones, of every city, we left none to remain:	
Deuteronomy 2:5	Meddle not with them; for I will not give you of their land, no, not so much as a foot breadth; because I have given mount Seir unto Esau for a possession.	
Deuteronomy 2:8	And when we passed by from our brethren the children of Esau, which dwelt in Seir, through the way of the plain from Elath, and from Eziongaber, we turned and passed by the way of the wilderness of Moab.	
Deuteronomy 30:12	It is not in heaven, that thou shouldest say, Who shall go up for us to heaven, and bring it unto us, that we may hear it, and do it?	
Deuteronomy 30:16	In that I command thee this day to love the LORD thy God, to walk in his ways, and to keep his commandments and his statutes and his judgments, that thou mayest live and multiply: and the LORD thy God shall bless thee in the land whither thou goest to possess it.	
Deuteronomy 30:18	I denounce unto you this day, that ye shall surely perish, and that ye shall not prolong your days upon the land, whither thou passest over Jordan to go to possess it.	
Deuteronomy 30:4	If any of thine be driven out unto the outmost parts of heaven, from thence will the LORD thy God gather thee, and from thence will he fetch thee:	
Deuteronomy 30:6	And the LORD thy God will circumcise thine heart, and the heart of thy seed, to love the LORD thy God with all thine heart, and with all thy soul, that thou mayest live.	
Deuteronomy 30:8	And thou shalt return and obey the voice of the LORD, and do all his commandments which I command thee this day.	
Deuteronomy 30:9	And the LORD thy God will make thee plenteous in every work of thine hand, in the fruit of thy body, and in the fruit of thy cattle, and in the fruit of thy land, for good: for the LORD will again rejoice over thee for good, as he rejoiced over thy fathers:	
Deuteronomy 31:11	When all Israel is come to appear before the LORD thy God in the place which he shall choose, thou shalt read this law before all Israel in their hearing.	
Deuteronomy 31:12	Gather the people together, men and women, and children, and thy stranger that is within thy gates, that they may hear, and that they may learn, and fear the LORD your God, and observe to do all the words of this law:	
Deuteronomy 31:13	And that their children, which have not known any thing, may hear, and learn to fear the LORD your God, as long as ye live in the land whither ye go over Jordan to possess it.	
Deuteronomy 31:14	And the LORD said unto Moses, Behold, thy days approach that thou must die: call Joshua, and present yourselves in the tabernacle of the congregation, that I may give him a charge. And Moses and Joshua went, and presented themselves in the tabernacle of the congregation.	
Deuteronomy 31:16	And the LORD said unto Moses, Behold, thou shalt sleep with thy fathers; and this people will rise up, and go a whoring after the gods of the strangers of the land, whither they go to be among them, and will forsake me, and break my covenant which I have made with them.	
Deuteronomy 31:18	And I will surely hide my face in that day for all the evils which they shall have wrought, in that they are turned unto other gods.	
Deuteronomy 31:19	Now therefore write ye this song for you, and teach it the children of Israel: put it in their mouths, that this song may be a witness for me against the children of Israel.	
Deuteronomy 31:2	And he said unto them, I am an hundred and twenty years old this day; I can no more go out and come in: also the LORD hath said unto me, Thou shalt not go over this Jordan.	
Deuteronomy 31:26	Take this book of the law, and put it in the side of the ark of the covenant of the LORD your God, that it may be there for a witness against thee.	
Deuteronomy 31:27	For I know thy rebellion, and thy stiff neck: behold, while I am yet alive with you this day, ye have been rebellious against the LORD; and how much more after my death?	
Deuteronomy 31:3	The LORD thy God, he will go over before thee, and he will destroy these nations from before thee, and thou shalt possess them: and Joshua, he shall go over before thee, as the LORD hath said.	
Deuteronomy 31:7	And Moses called unto Joshua, and said unto him in the sight of all Israel, Be strong and of a good courage: for thou must go with this people unto the land which the LORD hath sworn unto their fathers to give them; and thou shalt cause them to inherit it.	
Deuteronomy 31:9	And Moses wrote this law, and delivered it unto the priests the sons of Levi, which bare the ark of the covenant of the LORD, and unto all the elders of Israel.	
Deuteronomy 32:10	He found him in a desert land, and in the waste howling wilderness; he led him about, he instructed him, he kept him as the apple of his eye.	
Deuteronomy 32:14	Butter of kine, and milk of sheep, with fat of lambs, and rams of the breed of Bashan, and goats, with the fat of kidneys of wheat; and thou didst drink the pure blood of the grape.	
Deuteronomy 32:16	They provoked him to jealousy with strange gods, with abominations provoked they him to anger.	
Deuteronomy 32:19	And when the LORD saw it, he abhorred them, because of the provoking of his sons, and of his daughters.	
Deuteronomy 32:21	They have moved me to jealousy with that which is not God; they have provoked me to anger with their vanities: and I will move them to jealousy with those which are not a people; I will provoke them to anger with a foolish nation.	
Deuteronomy 32:28	For they are a nation void of counsel, neither is there any understanding in them.	
Deuteronomy 32:29	O that they were wise, that they understood this, that they would consider their latter end!	
Deuteronomy 32:3	Because I will publish the name of the LORD: ascribe ye greatness unto our God.	
Deuteronomy 32:31	For their rock is not as our Rock, even our enemies themselves being judges.	
Deuteronomy 32:32	For their vine is of the vine of Sodom, and of the fields of Gomorrah: their grapes are grapes of gall, their clusters are bitter:	
Deuteronomy 32:35	To me belongeth vengeance and recompence; their foot shall slide in due time: for the day of their calamity is at hand, and the things that shall come upon them make haste.	
Deuteronomy 32:36	For the LORD shall judge his people, and repent himself for his servants, when he seeth that their power is gone, and there is none shut up, or left.	
Deuteronomy 32:39	See now that I, even I, am he, and there is no god with me: I kill, and I make alive; I wound, and I heal: neither is there any that can deliver out of my hand.	
Deuteronomy 32:4	He is the Rock, his work is perfect: for all his ways are judgment: a God of truth and without iniquity, just and right is he.	
Deuteronomy 32:49	Get thee up into this mountain Abarim, unto mount Nebo, which is in the land of Moab, that is over against Jericho; and behold the land of Canaan, which I give unto the children of Israel for a possession:	
Deuteronomy 32:7	Remember the days of old, consider the years of many generations: ask thy father, and he will show thee; thy elders, and they will tell thee.	
Deuteronomy 32:9	For the LORD's portion is his people; Jacob is the lot of his inheritance.	
Deuteronomy 33:1	And this is the blessing, wherewith Moses the man of God blessed the children of Israel before his death.	
Deuteronomy 33:11	Bless, LORD, his substance, and accept the work of his hands; smite through the loins of them that rise against him, and of them that hate him, that they rise not again.	
Deuteronomy 33:12	And of Benjamin he said, The beloved of the LORD shall dwell in safety by him; and the Lord shall cover him all the day long, and he shall dwell between his shoulders.	
Deuteronomy 33:18	And of Zebulun he said, Rejoice, Zebulun, in thy going out; and, Issachar, in thy tents.	
Deuteronomy 33:19	They shall call the people unto the mountain; there they shall offer sacrifices of righteousness: for they shall suck of the abundance of the seas, and of treasures hid in the sand.	
Deuteronomy 33:21	And he provided the first part for himself, because there, in a portion of the lawgiver, was he seated; and he came with the heads of the people, he executed the justice of the LORD, and his judgments with Israel.	
Deuteronomy 33:23	And of Naphtali he said, O Naphtali, satisfied with favor, and full with the blessing of the LORD: possess thou the west and the south.	
Deuteronomy 33:8	And of Levi he said, Let thy Thummim and thy Urim be with thy holy one, whom thou didst prove at Massah, and with whom thou didst strive at the waters of Meribah;	
Deuteronomy 34:1	And Moses went up from the plains of Moab unto the mountain of Nebo, to the top of Pisgah, that is over against Jericho. And the LORD showed him all the land of Gilead, unto Dan,	
Deuteronomy 34:6	And he buried him in a valley in the land of Moab, over against Bethpeor: but no man knoweth of his sepulchre unto this day.	
Deuteronomy 3:1	Then we turned, and went up the way to Bashan: and Og the king of Bashan came out against us, he and all his people, to battle at Edrei.	
Deuteronomy 3:15	And I gave Gilead unto Machir.	
Deuteronomy 3:16	And unto the Reubenites and unto the Gadites I gave from Gilead even unto the river Arnon half the valley, and the border even unto the river Jabbok, which is the border of the children of Ammon;	
Deuteronomy 3:2	And the LORD said unto me, Fear him not: for I will deliver him, and all his people, and his land, into thy hand; and thou shalt do unto him as thou didst unto Sihon king of the Amorites, which dwelt at Heshbon.	
Deuteronomy 3:20	Until the LORD have given rest unto your brethren, as well as unto you, and until they also possess the land which the LORD your God hath given them beyond Jordan: and then shall ye return every man unto his possession, which I have given you.	
Deuteronomy 3:27	Get thee up into the top of Pisgah, and lift up thine eyes westward, and northward, and southward, and eastward, and behold it with thine eyes: for thou shalt not go over this Jordan.	
Deuteronomy 3:28	But charge Joshua, and encourage him, and strengthen him: for he shall go over before this people, and he shall cause them to inherit the land which thou shalt see.	
Deuteronomy 3:29	So we abode in the valley over against Bethpeor.	
Deuteronomy 3:3	So the LORD our God delivered into our hands Og also, the king of Bashan, and all his people: and we smote him until none was left to him remaining.	
Deuteronomy 3:7	But all the cattle, and the spoil of the cities, we took for a prey to ourselves.	
Deuteronomy 3:8	And we took at that time out of the hand of the two kings of the Amorites the land that was on this side Jordan, from the river of Arnon unto mount Hermon;	
Deuteronomy 4:12	And the LORD spake unto you out of the midst of the fire: ye heard the voice of the words, but saw no similitude; only ye heard a voice.	
Deuteronomy 4:15	Take ye therefore good heed unto yourselves; for ye saw no manner of similitude on the day that the LORD spake unto you in Horeb out of the midst of the fire:	
Deuteronomy 4:18	The likeness of any thing that creepeth on the ground, the likeness of any fish that is in the waters beneath the earth:	
Deuteronomy 4:21	Furthermore the LORD was angry with me for your sakes, and sware that I should not go over Jordan, and that I should not go in unto that good land, which the LORD thy God giveth thee for an inheritance:	
Deuteronomy 4:24	For the LORD thy God is a consuming fire, even a jealous God.	
Deuteronomy 4:30	When thou art in tribulation, and all these things are come upon thee, even in the latter days, if thou turn to the LORD thy God, and shalt be obedient unto his voice;	
Deuteronomy 4:31	(For the LORD thy God is a merciful God;) he will not forsake thee, neither destroy thee, nor forget the covenant of thy fathers which he sware unto them.	
Deuteronomy 4:36	Out of heaven he made thee to hear his voice, that he might instruct thee: and upon earth he showed thee his great fire; and thou heardest his words out of the midst of the fire.	
Deuteronomy 4:37	And because he loved thy fathers, therefore he chose their seed after them, and brought thee out in his sight with his mighty power out of Egypt;	
Deuteronomy 4:4	But ye that did cleave unto the LORD your God are alive every one of you this day.	
Deuteronomy 4:44	And this is the law which Moses set before the children of Israel:	
Deuteronomy 4:5	Behold, I have taught you statutes and judgments, even as the LORD my God commanded me, that ye should do so in the land whither ye go to possess it.	
Deuteronomy 4:8	And what nation is there so great, that hath statutes and judgments so righteous as all this law, which I set before you this day?	
Deuteronomy 5:12	Keep the sabbath day to sanctify it, as the LORD thy God hath commanded thee.	
Deuteronomy 5:16	Honor thy father and thy mother, as the LORD thy God hath commanded thee; that thy days may be prolonged, and that it may go well with thee, in the land which the LORD thy God giveth thee.	
Deuteronomy 5:20	Neither shalt thou bear false witness against thy neighbor.	
Deuteronomy 5:23	And it came to pass, when ye heard the voice out of the midst of the darkness, (for the mountain did burn with fire,) that ye came near unto me, even all the heads of your tribes, and your elders;	
Deuteronomy 5:28	And the LORD heard the voice of your words, when ye spake unto me; and the LORD said unto me, I have heard the voice of the words of this people, which they have spoken unto thee: they have well said all that they have spoken.	
Deuteronomy 5:29	O that there were such an heart in them, that they would fear me, and keep all my commandments always, that it might be well with them, and with their children for ever!	
Deuteronomy 5:30	Go say to them, Get you into your tents again.	
Deuteronomy 5:32	Ye shall observe to do therefore as the LORD your God hath commanded you: ye shall not turn aside to the right hand or to the left.	
Deuteronomy 5:5	(I stood between the LORD and you at that time, to show you the word of the LORD: for ye were afraid by reason of the fire, and went not up into the mount;) saying,	
Deuteronomy 6:1	Now these are the commandments, the statutes, and the judgments, which the LORD your God commanded to teach you, that ye might do them in the land whither ye go to possess it:	
Deuteronomy 6:11	And houses full of all good things, which thou filledst not, and wells digged, which thou diggedst not, vineyards and olive trees, which thou plantedst not; when thou shalt have eaten and be full;	
Deuteronomy 6:16	Ye shall not tempt the LORD your God, as ye tempted him in Massah.	
Deuteronomy 6:21	Then thou shalt say unto thy son, We were Pharaoh's bondmen in Egypt; and the LORD brought us out of Egypt with a mighty hand:	
Deuteronomy 6:23	And he brought us out from thence, that he might bring us in, to give us the land which he sware unto our fathers.	
Deuteronomy 6:24	And the LORD commanded us to do all these statutes, to fear the LORD our God, for our good always, that he might preserve us alive, as it is at this day.	
Deuteronomy 6:3	Hear therefore, O Israel, and observe to do it; that it may be well with thee, and that ye may increase mightily, as the LORD God of thy fathers hath promised thee, in the land that floweth with milk and honey.	
Deuteronomy 6:6	And these words, which I command thee this day, shall be in thine heart:	
Deuteronomy 6:9	And thou shalt write them upon the posts of thy house, and on thy gates.	
Deuteronomy 7:10	And repayeth them that hate him to their face, to destroy them: he will not be slack to him that hateth him, he will repay him to his face.	
Deuteronomy 7:11	Thou shalt therefore keep the commandments, and the statutes, and the judgments, which I command thee this day, to do them.	
Deuteronomy 8:12	Lest when thou hast eaten and art full, and hast built goodly houses, and dwelt therein;	
Deuteronomy 8:14	Then thine heart be lifted up, and thou forget the LORD thy God, which brought thee forth out of the land of Egypt, from the house of bondage;	
Deuteronomy 8:20	As the nations which the LORD destroyeth before your face, so shall ye perish; because ye would not be obedient unto the voice of the LORD your God.	
Deuteronomy 8:7	For the LORD thy God bringeth thee into a good land, a land of brooks of water, of fountains and depths that spring out of valleys and hills;	
Deuteronomy 9:16	And I looked, and, behold, ye had sinned against the LORD your God, and had made you a molten calf: ye had turned aside quickly out of the way which the LORD had commanded you.	
Deuteronomy 9:21	And I took your sin, the calf which ye had made, and burnt it with fire, and stamped it, and ground it very small, even until it was as small as dust: and I cast the dust thereof into the brook that descended out of the mount.	
Deuteronomy 9:25	Thus I fell down before the LORD forty days and forty nights, as I fell down at the first; because the LORD had said he would destroy you.	
Deuteronomy 9:26	I prayed therefore unto the LORD, and said, O Lord GOD, destroy not thy people and thine inheritance, which thou hast redeemed through thy greatness, which thou hast brought forth out of Egypt with a mighty hand.	
Deuteronomy 9:5	Not for thy righteousness, or for the uprightness of thine heart, dost thou go to possess their land: but for the wickedness of these nations the LORD thy God doth drive them out from before thee, and that he may perform the word which the LORD sware unto thy fathers, Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob.	
Ecclesiastes 10:10	If the iron be blunt, and he do not whet the edge, then must he put to more strength: but wisdom is profitable to direct.	
Ecclesiastes 10:12	The words of a wise man's mouth are gracious; but the lips of a fool will swallow up himself.	
Ecclesiastes 10:13	The beginning of the words of his mouth is foolishness: and the end of his talk is mischievous madness.	
Ecclesiastes 10:17	Blessed art thou, O land, when thy king is the son of nobles, and thy princes eat in due season, for strength, and not for drunkenness!	
Ecclesiastes 10:2	A wise man's heart is at his right hand; but a fool's heart at his left.	
Ecclesiastes 10:4	If the spirit of the ruler rise up against thee, leave not thy place; for yielding pacifieth great offences.	
Ecclesiastes 10:5	There is an evil which I have seen under the sun, as an error which proceedeth from the ruler:	
Ecclesiastes 10:7	I have seen servants upon horses, and princes walking as servants upon the earth.	
Ecclesiastes 10:8	He that diggeth a pit shall fall into it; and whoso breaketh an hedge, a serpent shall bite him.	
Ecclesiastes 11:2	Give a portion to seven, and also to eight; for thou knowest not what evil shall be upon the earth.	
Ecclesiastes 11:7	Truly the light is sweet, and a pleasant thing it is for the eyes to behold the sun:	
Ecclesiastes 12:7	Then shall the dust return to the earth as it was: and the spirit shall return unto God who gave it.	
Ecclesiastes 1:14	I have seen all the works that are done under the sun; and, behold, all is vanity and vexation of spirit.	
Ecclesiastes 1:18	For in much wisdom is much grief: and he that increaseth knowledge increaseth sorrow.	
Ecclesiastes 1:5	The sun also ariseth, and the sun goeth down, and hasteth to his place where he arose.	
Ecclesiastes 1:8	All things are full of labour; man cannot utter it: the eye is not satisfied with seeing, nor the ear filled with hearing.	
Ecclesiastes 2:11	Then I looked on all the works that my hands had wrought, and on the labour that I had laboured to do: and, behold, all was vanity and vexation of spirit, and there was no profit under the sun.	
Ecclesiastes 2:13	Then I saw that wisdom excelleth folly, as far as light excelleth darkness.	
Ecclesiastes 2:16	For there is no remembrance of the wise more than of the fool for ever; seeing that which now is in the days to come shall all be forgotten. And how dieth the wise man? as the fool.	
Ecclesiastes 2:20	Therefore I went about to cause my heart to despair of all the labour which I took under the sun.	
Ecclesiastes 2:25	For who can eat, or who else can hasten hereunto, more than I?	
Ecclesiastes 2:7	I got me servants and maidens, and had servants born in my house; also I had great possessions of great and small cattle above all that were in Jerusalem before me:	
Ecclesiastes 3:10	I have seen the travail, which God hath given to the sons of men to be exercised in it.	
Ecclesiastes 3:14	I know that, whatsoever God doeth, it shall be for ever: nothing can be put to it, nor any thing taken from it: and God doeth it, that men should fear before him.	
Ecclesiastes 3:18	I said in mine heart concerning the estate of the sons of men, that God might manifest them, and that they might see that they themselves are beasts.	
Ecclesiastes 3:22	Wherefore I perceive that there is nothing better, than that a man should rejoice in his own works; for that is his portion: for who shall bring him to see what shall be after him?	
Ecclesiastes 3:9	What profit hath he that worketh in that wherein he laboureth?	
Ecclesiastes 4:10	For if they fall, the one will lift up his fellow: but woe to him that is alone when he falleth; for he hath not another to help him up.	
Ecclesiastes 4:11	Again, if two lie together, then they have heat: but how can one be warm alone?	
Ecclesiastes 4:13	Better is a poor and a wise child than an old and foolish king, who will no more be admonished.	
Ecclesiastes 4:3	Yea, better is he than both they, which hath not yet been, who hath not seen the evil work that is done under the sun.	
Ecclesiastes 4:4	Again, I considered all travail, and every right work, that for this a man is envied of his neighbour. This is also vanity and vexation of spirit.	
Ecclesiastes 5:10	He that loveth silver shall not be satisfied with silver; nor he that loveth abundance with increase: this is also vanity.	
Ecclesiastes 5:19	Every man also to whom God hath given riches and wealth, and hath given him power to eat thereof, and to take his portion, and to rejoice in his labour; this is the gift of God.	
Ecclesiastes 5:3	For a dream cometh through the multitude of business; and a fool's voice is known by multitude of words.	
Ecclesiastes 5:5	Better is it that thou shouldest not vow, than that thou shouldest vow and not pay.	
Ecclesiastes 5:9	Moreover the profit of the earth is for all: the king himself is served by the field.	
Ecclesiastes 6:5	Moreover he hath not seen the sun, nor known any thing: this hath more rest than the other.	
Ecclesiastes 6:9	Better is the sight of the eyes than the wandering of the desire: this is also vanity and vexation of spirit.	
Ecclesiastes 7:11	Wisdom is good with an inheritance: and by it there is profit to them that see the sun.	
Ecclesiastes 7:13	Consider the work of God: for who can make that straight, which he hath made crooked?	
Ecclesiastes 7:15	All things have I seen in the days of my vanity: there is a just man that perisheth in his righteousness, and there is a wicked man that prolongeth his life in his wickedness.	
Ecclesiastes 7:18	It is good that thou shouldest take hold of this; yea, also from this withdraw not thine hand: for he that feareth God shall come forth of them all.	
Ecclesiastes 7:2	It is better to go to the house of mourning, than to go to the house of feasting: for that is the end of all men; and the living will lay it to his heart.	
Ecclesiastes 7:21	Also take no heed unto all words that are spoken; lest thou hear thy servant curse thee:	
Ecclesiastes 7:22	For oftentimes also thine own heart knoweth that thou thyself likewise hast cursed others.	
Ecclesiastes 7:24	That which is far off, and exceeding deep, who can find it out?	
Ecclesiastes 7:27	Behold, this have I found, saith the preacher, counting one by one, to find out the account:	
Ecclesiastes 7:28	Which yet my soul seeketh, but I find not: one man among a thousand have I found; but a woman among all those have I not found.	
Ecclesiastes 7:6	For as the crackling of thorns under a pot, so is the laughter of the fool: this also is vanity.	
Ecclesiastes 8:12	Though a sinner do evil an hundred times, and his days be prolonged, yet surely I know that it shall be well with them that fear God, which fear before him:	
Ecclesiastes 8:13	But it shall not be well with the wicked, neither shall he prolong his days, which are as a shadow; because he feareth not before God.	
Ecclesiastes 8:4	Where the word of a king is, there is power: and who may say unto him, What doest thou?	
Ecclesiastes 8:9	All this have I seen, and applied my heart unto every work that is done under the sun: there is a time wherein one man ruleth over another to his own hurt.	
Ecclesiastes 9:12	For man also knoweth not his time: as the fishes that are taken in an evil net, and as the birds that are caught in the snare; so are the sons of men snared in an evil time, when it falleth suddenly upon them.	
Ephesians 1:1	Paul, an apostle of Jesus Christ by the will of God, to the saints which are at Ephesus, and to the faithful in Christ Jesus:	
Ephesians 1:17	That the God of our Lord Jesus Christ, the Father of glory, may give unto you the spirit of wisdom and revelation in the knowledge of him:	
Ephesians 1:23	Which is his body, the fulness of him that filleth all in all.	
Ephesians 1:8	Wherein he hath abounded toward us in all wisdom and prudence;	
Ephesians 1:9	Having made known unto us the mystery of his will, according to his good pleasure which he hath purposed in himself:	
Ephesians 2:13	But now in Christ Jesus ye who sometimes were far off are made nigh by the blood of Christ.	
Ephesians 2:16	And that he might reconcile both unto God in one body by the cross, having slain the enmity thereby:	
Ephesians 2:18	For through him we both have access by one Spirit unto the Father.	
Ephesians 2:2	Wherein in time past ye walked according to the course of this world, according to the prince of the power of the air, the spirit that now worketh in the children of disobedience:	
Ephesians 2:5	Even when we were dead in sins, hath quickened us together with Christ, (by grace ye are saved;)	
Ephesians 3:1	For this cause I Paul, the prisoner of Jesus Christ for you Gentiles,	
Ephesians 3:10	To the intent that now unto the principalities and powers in heavenly places might be known by the church the manifold wisdom of God,	
Ephesians 3:11	According to the eternal purpose which he purposed in Christ Jesus our Lord:	
Ephesians 3:14	For this cause I bow my knees unto the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ,	
Ephesians 3:2	If ye have heard of the dispensation of the grace of God which is given me to you-ward:	
Ephesians 3:21	Unto him be glory in the church by Christ Jesus throughout all ages, world without end. Amen.	
Ephesians 3:7	Whereof I was made a minister, according to the gift of the grace of God given unto me by the effectual working of his power.	
Ephesians 4:10	He that descended is the same also that ascended up far above all heavens, that he might fill all things.)	
Ephesians 4:11	And he gave some, apostles; and some, prophets; and some, evangelists; and some, pastors and teachers;	
Ephesians 4:12	For the perfecting of the saints, for the work of the ministry, for the edifying of the body of Christ:	
Ephesians 4:17	This I say therefore, and testify in the Lord, that ye henceforth walk not as other Gentiles walk, in the vanity of their mind,	
Ephesians 4:25	Wherefore putting away lying, speak every man truth with his neighbour: for we are members one of another.	
Ephesians 4:4	There is one body, and one Spirit, even as ye are called in one hope of your calling;	
Ephesians 4:7	But unto every one of us is given grace according to the measure of the gift of Christ.	
Ephesians 5:10	Proving what is acceptable unto the Lord.	
Ephesians 5:11	And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove them.	
Ephesians 5:13	But all things that are reproved are made manifest by the light: for whatsoever doth make manifest is light.	
Ephesians 5:14	Wherefore he saith, Awake thou that sleepest, and arise from the dead, and Christ shall give thee light.	
Ephesians 5:15	See then that ye walk circumspectly, not as fools, but as wise,	
Ephesians 5:18	And be not drunk with wine, wherein is excess; but be filled with the Spirit;	
Ephesians 5:19	Speaking to yourselves in psalms and hymns and spiritual songs, singing and making melody in your heart to the Lord;	
Ephesians 5:22	Wives, submit yourselves unto your own husbands, as unto the Lord.	
Ephesians 5:30	For we are members of his body, of his flesh, and of his bones.	
Ephesians 5:31	For this cause shall a man leave his father and mother, and shall be joined unto his wife, and they two shall be one flesh.	
Ephesians 5:32	This is a great mystery: but I speak concerning Christ and the church.	
Ephesians 5:8	For ye were sometimes darkness, but now are ye light in the Lord: walk as children of light:	
Ephesians 6:1	Children, obey your parents in the Lord: for this is right.	
Ephesians 6:11	Put on the whole armour of God, that ye may be able to stand against the wiles of the devil.	
Ephesians 6:17	And take the helmet of salvation, and the sword of the Spirit, which is the word of God:	
Ephesians 6:19	And for me, that utterance may be given unto me, that I may open my mouth boldly, to make known the mystery of the gospel,	
Ephesians 6:20	For which I am an ambassador in bonds: that therein I may speak boldly, as I ought to speak.	
Ephesians 6:24	Grace be with all them that love our Lord Jesus Christ in sincerity. Amen.	
Ephesians 6:3	That it may be well with thee, and thou mayest live long on the earth.	
Ephesians 6:4	And, ye fathers, provoke not your children to wrath: but bring them up in the nurture and admonition of the Lord.	
Ephesians 6:9	And, ye masters, do the same things unto them, forbearing threatening: knowing that your Master also is in heaven; neither is there respect of persons with him.	
Esther 10:3	For Mordecai the Jew was next unto king Ahasuerus, and great among the Jews, and accepted of the multitude of his brethren, seeking the wealth of his people, and speaking peace to all his seed.	
Esther 1:11	To bring Vashti the queen before the king with the crown royal, to shew the people and the princes her beauty: for she was fair to look on.	
Esther 1:12	But the queen Vashti refused to come at the king's commandment by his chamberlains: therefore was the king very wroth, and his anger burned in him.	
Esther 1:22	For he sent letters into all the king's provinces, into every province according to the writing thereof, and to every people after their language, that every man should bear rule in his own house, and that it should be published according to the language of every people.	
Esther 2:11	And Mordecai walked every day before the court of the women's house, to know how Esther did, and what should become of her.	
Esther 2:12	Now when every maid's turn was come to go in to king Ahasuerus, after that she had been twelve months, according to the manner of the women, (for so were the days of their purifications accomplished, to wit, six months with oil of myrrh, and six months with sweet odours, and with other things for the purifying of the women;)	
Esther 2:15	Now when the turn of Esther, the daughter of Abihail the uncle of Mordecai, who had taken her for his daughter, was come to go in unto the king, she required nothing but what Hegai the king's chamberlain, the keeper of the women, appointed. And Esther obtained favour in the sight of all them that looked upon her.	
Esther 2:16	So Esther was taken unto king Ahasuerus into his house royal in the tenth month, which is the month Tebeth, in the seventh year of his reign.	
Esther 2:19	And when the virgins were gathered together the second time, then Mordecai sat in the king's gate.	
Esther 2:2	Then said the king's servants that ministered unto him, Let there be fair young virgins sought for the king:	
Esther 2:7	And he brought up Hadassah, that is, Esther, his uncle's daughter: for she had neither father nor mother, and the maid was fair and beautiful; whom Mordecai, when her father and mother were dead, took for his own daughter.	
Esther 3:13	And the letters were sent by posts into all the king's provinces, to destroy, to kill, and to cause to perish, all Jews, both young and old, little children and women, in one day, even upon the thirteenth day of the twelfth month, which is the month Adar, and to take the spoil of them for a prey.	
Esther 3:4	Now it came to pass, when they spake daily unto him, and he hearkened not unto them, that they told Haman, to see whether Mordecai's matters would stand: for he had told them that he was a Jew.	
Esther 4:14	For if thou altogether holdest thy peace at this time, then shall there enlargement and deliverance arise to the Jews from another place; but thou and thy father's house shall be destroyed: and who knoweth whether thou art come to the kingdom for such a time as this?	
Esther 4:15	Then Esther bade them return Mordecai this answer,	
Esther 4:4	So Esther's maids and her chamberlains came and told it her. Then was the queen exceedingly grieved; and she sent raiment to clothe Mordecai, and to take away his sackcloth from him: but he received it not.	
Esther 5:12	Haman said moreover, Yea, Esther the queen did let no man come in with the king unto the banquet that she had prepared but myself; and to morrow am I invited unto her also with the king.	
Esther 5:2	And it was so, when the king saw Esther the queen standing in the court, that she obtained favour in his sight: and the king held out to Esther the golden sceptre that was in his hand. So Esther drew near, and touched the top of the sceptre.	
Esther 5:3	Then said the king unto her, What wilt thou, queen Esther? and what is thy request? it shall be even given thee to the half of the kingdom.	
Esther 5:6	And the king said unto Esther at the banquet of wine, What is thy petition? and it shall be granted thee: and what is thy request? even to the half of the kingdom it shall be performed.	
Esther 5:7	Then answered Esther, and said, My petition and my request is;	
Esther 6:1	On that night could not the king sleep, and he commanded to bring the book of records of the chronicles; and they were read before the king.	
Esther 6:13	And Haman told Zeresh his wife and all his friends every thing that had befallen him. Then said his wise men and Zeresh his wife unto him, If Mordecai be of the seed of the Jews, before whom thou hast begun to fall, thou shalt not prevail against him, but shalt surely fall before him.	
Esther 6:14	And while they were yet talking with him, came the king's chamberlains, and hasted to bring Haman unto the banquet that Esther had prepared.	
Esther 6:2	And it was found written, that Mordecai had told of Bigthana and Teresh, two of the king's chamberlains, the keepers of the door, who sought to lay hand on the king Ahasuerus.	
Esther 6:3	And the king said, What honour and dignity hath been done to Mordecai for this? Then said the king's servants that ministered unto him, There is nothing done for him.	
Esther 6:5	And the king's servants said unto him, Behold, Haman standeth in the court. And the king said, Let him come in.	
Esther 6:6	So Haman came in. And the king said unto him, What shall be done unto the man whom the king delighteth to honour? Now Haman thought in his heart, To whom would the king delight to do honour more than to myself?	
Esther 7:2	And the king said again unto Esther on the second day at the banquet of wine, What is thy petition, queen Esther? and it shall be granted thee: and what is thy request? and it shall be performed, even to the half of the kingdom.	
Esther 7:4	For we are sold, I and my people, to be destroyed, to be slain, and to perish. But if we had been sold for bondmen and bondwomen, I had held my tongue, although the enemy could not countervail the king's damage.	
Esther 7:6	And Esther said, The adversary and enemy is this wicked Haman. Then Haman was afraid before the king and the queen.	
Esther 7:8	Then the king returned out of the palace garden into the place of the banquet of wine; and Haman was fallen upon the bed whereon Esther was. Then said the king, Will he force the queen also before me in the house? As the word went out of king's mouth, they covered Haman's face.	
Esther 8:11	Wherein the king granted the Jews which were in every city to gather themselves together, and to stand for their life, to destroy, to slay and to cause to perish, all the power of the people and province that would assault them, both little ones and women, and to take the spoil of them for a prey,	
Esther 8:12	Upon one day in all the provinces of king Ahasuerus, namely, upon the thirteenth day of the twelfth month, which is the month Adar.	
Esther 8:13	The copy of the writing for a commandment to be given in every province was published unto all people, and that the Jews should be ready against that day to avenge themselves on their enemies.	
Esther 8:15	And Mordecai went out from the presence of the king in royal apparel of blue and white, and with a great crown of gold, and with a garment of fine linen and purple: and the city of Shushan rejoiced and was glad.	
Esther 8:2	And the king took off his ring, which he had taken from Haman, and gave it unto Mordecai. And Esther set Mordecai over the house of Haman.	
Esther 8:6	For how can I endure to see the evil that shall come unto my people? or how can I endure to see the destruction of my kindred?	
Esther 9:13	Then said Esther, If it please the king, let it be granted to the Jews which are in Shushan to do to morrow also according unto this day's decree, and let Haman's ten sons be hanged upon the gallows.	
Esther 9:16	But the other Jews that were in the king's provinces gathered themselves together, and stood for their lives, and had rest from their enemies, and slew of their foes seventy and five thousand, but they laid not their hands on the prey,	
Esther 9:18	But the Jews that were at Shushan assembled together on the thirteenth day thereof, and on the fourteenth thereof; and on the fifteenth day of the same they rested, and made it a day of feasting and gladness.	
Esther 9:19	Therefore the Jews of the villages, that dwelt in the unwalled towns, made the fourteenth day of the month Adar a day of gladness and feasting, and a good day, and of sending portions one to another.	
Esther 9:30	And he sent the letters unto all the Jews, to the hundred twenty and seven provinces of the kingdom of Ahasuerus, with words of peace and truth,	
Esther 9:32	And the decree of Esther confirmed these matters of Purim; and it was written in the book.	
Esther 9:7	And Parshandatha, and Dalphon, and Aspatha,	
Esther 9:9	And Parmashta, and Arisai, and Aridai, and Vajezatha,	
Exodus 10:10	And he said unto them, Let the LORD be so with you, as I will let you go, and your little ones: look to it; for evil is before you.	
Exodus 10:13	And Moses stretched forth his rod over the land of Egypt, and the LORD brought an east wind upon the land all that day, and all that night; and when it was morning, the east wind brought the locusts.	
Exodus 10:19	And the LORD turned a mighty strong west wind, which took away the locusts, and cast them into the Red sea; there remained not one locust in all the coasts of Egypt.	
Exodus 10:24	And Pharaoh called unto Moses, and said, Go ye, serve the LORD; only let your flocks and your herds be stayed: let your little ones also go with you.	
Exodus 10:29	And Moses said, Thou hast spoken well, I will see thy face again no more.	
Exodus 10:4	Else, if thou refuse to let my people go, behold, to morrow will I bring the locusts into thy coast:	
Exodus 11:2	Speak now in the ears of the people, and let every man borrow of his neighbor, and every woman of her neighbor, jewels of silver and jewels of gold.	
Exodus 11:7	But against any of the children of Israel shall not a dog move his tongue, against man or beast: that ye may know how that the LORD doth put a difference between the Egyptians and Israel.	
Exodus 12:18	In the first month, on the fourteenth day of the month at even, ye shall eat unleavened bread, until the one and twentieth day of the month at even.	
Exodus 12:20	Ye shall eat nothing leavened; in all your habitations shall ye eat unleavened bread.	
Exodus 12:21	Then Moses called for all the elders of Israel, and said unto them, Draw out and take you a lamb according to your families, and kill the passover.	
Exodus 12:22	And ye shall take a bunch of hyssop, and dip it in the blood that is in the basin, and strike the lintel and the two side posts with the blood that is in the basin; and none of you shall go out at the door of his house until the morning.	
Exodus 12:24	And ye shall observe this thing for an ordinance to thee and to thy sons for ever.	
Exodus 12:26	And it shall come to pass, when your children shall say unto you, What mean ye by this service?	
Exodus 12:29	And it came to pass, that at midnight the LORD smote all the firstborn in the land of Egypt, from the firstborn of Pharaoh that sat on his throne unto the firstborn of the captive that was in the dungeon; and all the firstborn of cattle.	
Exodus 12:3	Speak ye unto all the congregation of Israel, saying, In the tenth day of this month they shall take to them every man a lamb, according to the house of their fathers, a lamb for an house:	
Exodus 12:33	And the Egyptians were urgent upon the people, that they might send them out of the land in haste; for they said, We be all dead men.	
Exodus 12:34	And the people took their dough before it was leavened, their kneadingtroughs being bound up in their clothes upon their shoulders.	
Exodus 12:38	And a mixed multitude went up also with them; and flocks, and herds, even very much cattle.	
Exodus 12:4	And if the household be too little for the lamb, let him and his neighbor next unto his house take it according to the number of the souls; every man according to his eating shall make your count for the lamb.	
Exodus 12:41	And it came to pass at the end of the four hundred and thirty years, even the selfsame day it came to pass, that all the hosts of the LORD went out from the land of Egypt.	
Exodus 12:45	A foreigner and an hired servant shall not eat thereof.	
Exodus 12:48	And when a stranger shall sojourn with thee, and will keep the passover to the LORD, let all his males be circumcised, and then let him come near and keep it; and he shall be as one that is born in the land: for no uncircumcised person shall eat thereof.	
Exodus 12:5	Your lamb shall be without blemish, a male of the first year: ye shall take it out from the sheep, or from the goats:	
Exodus 12:6	And ye shall keep it up until the fourteenth day of the same month: and the whole assembly of the congregation of Israel shall kill it in the evening.	
Exodus 12:7	And they shall take of the blood, and strike it on the two side posts and on the upper door post of the houses, wherein they shall eat it.	
Exodus 13:6	Seven days thou shalt eat unleavened bread, and in the seventh day shall be a feast to the LORD.	
Exodus 13:9	And it shall be for a sign unto thee upon thine hand, and for a memorial between thine eyes, that the LORD's law may be in thy mouth: for with a strong hand hath the LORD brought thee out of Egypt.	
Exodus 14:1	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,	
Exodus 14:13	And Moses said unto the people, Fear ye not, stand still, and see the salvation of the LORD, which he will show to you to day: for the Egyptians whom ye have seen to day, ye shall see them again no more for ever.	
Exodus 14:14	The LORD shall fight for you, and ye shall hold your peace.	
Exodus 14:18	And the Egyptians shall know that I am the LORD, when I have gotten me honor upon Pharaoh, upon his chariots, and upon his horsemen.	
Exodus 14:25	And took off their chariot wheels, that they drave them heavily: so that the Egyptians said, Let us flee from the face of Israel; for the LORD fighteth for them against the Egyptians.	
Exodus 14:26	And the LORD said unto Moses, Stretch out thine hand over the sea, that the waters may come again upon the Egyptians, upon their chariots, and upon their horsemen.	
Exodus 15:10	Thou didst blow with thy wind, the sea covered them: they sank as lead in the mighty waters.	
Exodus 15:12	Thou stretchedst out thy right hand, the earth swallowed them.	
Exodus 15:14	The people shall hear, and be afraid: sorrow shall take hold on the inhabitants of Palestina.	
Exodus 15:16	Fear and dread shall fall upon them; by the greatness of thine arm they shall be as still as a stone; till thy people pass over, O LORD, till the people pass over, which thou hast purchased.	
Exodus 15:19	For the horse of Pharaoh went in with his chariots and with his horsemen into the sea, and the LORD brought again the waters of the sea upon them; but the children of Israel went on dry land in the midst of the sea.	
Exodus 15:20	And Miriam the prophetess, the sister of Aaron, took a timbrel in her hand; and all the women went out after her with timbrels and with dances.	
Exodus 15:23	And when they came to Marah, they could not drink of the waters of Marah, for they were bitter: therefore the name of it was called Marah.	
Exodus 15:5	The depths have covered them: they sank into the bottom as a stone.	
Exodus 15:7	And in the greatness of thine excellency thou hast overthrown them that rose up against thee: thou sentest forth thy wrath, which consumed them as stubble.	
Exodus 16:14	And when the dew that lay was gone up, behold, upon the face of the wilderness there lay a small round thing, as small as the hoar frost on the ground.	
Exodus 16:19	And Moses said, Let no man leave of it till the morning.	
Exodus 16:21	And they gathered it every morning, every man according to his eating: and when the sun waxed hot, it melted.	
Exodus 16:26	Six days ye shall gather it; but on the seventh day, which is the sabbath, in it there shall be none.	
Exodus 16:27	And it came to pass, that there went out some of the people on the seventh day for to gather, and they found none.	
Exodus 16:33	And Moses said unto Aaron, Take a pot, and put an omer full of manna therein, and lay it up before the LORD, to be kept for your generations.	
Exodus 16:36	Now an omer is the tenth part of an ephah.	
Exodus 16:6	And Moses and Aaron said unto all the children of Israel, At even, then ye shall know that the LORD hath brought you out from the land of Egypt:	
Exodus 17:10	So Joshua did as Moses had said to him, and fought with Amalek: and Moses, Aaron, and Hur went up to the top of the hill.	
Exodus 17:12	But Moses hands were heavy; and they took a stone, and put it under him, and he sat thereon; and Aaron and Hur stayed up his hands, the one on the one side, and the other on the other side; and his hands were steady until the going down of the sun.	
Exodus 17:16	For he said, Because the LORD hath sworn that the LORD will have war with Amalek from generation to generation.	
Exodus 17:6	Behold, I will stand before thee there upon the rock in Horeb; and thou shalt smite the rock, and there shall come water out of it, that the people may drink. And Moses did so in the sight of the elders of Israel.	
Exodus 17:8	Then came Amalek, and fought with Israel in Rephidim.	
Exodus 18:10	And Jethro said, Blessed be the LORD, who hath delivered you out of the hand of the Egyptians, and out of the hand of Pharaoh, who hath delivered the people from under the hand of the Egyptians.	
Exodus 18:13	And it came to pass on the morrow, that Moses sat to judge the people: and the people stood by Moses from the morning unto the evening.	
Exodus 18:16	When they have a matter, they come unto me; and I judge between one and another, and I do make them know the statutes of God, and his laws.	
Exodus 18:19	Hearken now unto my voice, I will give thee counsel, and God shall be with thee: Be thou for the people to God-ward, that thou mayest bring the causes unto God:	
Exodus 19:15	And he said unto the people, Be ready against the third day: come not at your wives.	
Exodus 19:2	For they were departed from Rephidim, and were come to the desert of Sinai, and had pitched in the wilderness; and there Israel camped before the mount.	
Exodus 19:22	And let the priests also, which come near to the LORD, sanctify themselves, lest the LORD break forth upon them.	
Exodus 19:3	And Moses went up unto God, and the LORD called unto him out of the mountain, saying, Thus shalt thou say to the house of Jacob, and tell the children of Israel;	
Exodus 19:4	Ye have seen what I did unto the Egyptians, and how I bare you on eagles' wings, and brought you unto myself.	
Exodus 19:8	And all the people answered together, and said, All that the LORD hath spoken we will do. And Moses returned the words of the people unto the LORD.	
Exodus 1:10	Come on, let us deal wisely with them; lest they multiply, and it come to pass, that, when there falleth out any war, they join also unto our enemies, and fight against us, and so get them up out of the land.	
Exodus 1:22	And Pharaoh charged all his people, saying, Every son that is born ye shall cast into the river, and every daughter ye shall save alive.	
Exodus 1:5	And all the souls that came out of the loins of Jacob were seventy souls: for Joseph was in Egypt already.	
Exodus 1:8	Now there arose up a new king over Egypt, which knew not Joseph.	
Exodus 20:10	But the seventh day is the sabbath of the LORD thy God: in it thou shalt not do any work, thou, nor thy son, nor thy daughter, thy manservant, nor thy maidservant, nor thy cattle, nor thy stranger that is within thy gates:	
Exodus 20:11	For in six days the LORD made heaven and earth, the sea, and all that in them is, and rested the seventh day: wherefore the LORD blessed the sabbath day, and hallowed it.	
Exodus 20:14	Thou shalt not commit adultery.	
Exodus 20:22	And the LORD said unto Moses, Thus thou shalt say unto the children of Israel, Ye have seen that I have talked with you from heaven.	
Exodus 21:15	And he that smiteth his father, or his mother, shall be surely put to death.	
Exodus 21:20	And if a man smite his servant, or his maid, with a rod, and he die under his hand; he shall be surely punished.	
Exodus 21:21	Notwithstanding, if he continue a day or two, he shall not be punished: for he is his money.	
Exodus 21:25	Burning for burning, wound for wound, stripe for stripe.	
Exodus 21:26	And if a man smite the eye of his servant, or the eye of his maid, that it perish; he shall let him go free for his eye's sake.	
Exodus 21:27	And if he smite out his manservant's tooth, or his maidservant's tooth; he shall let him go free for his tooth's sake.	
Exodus 21:28	If an ox gore a man or a woman, that they die: then the ox shall be surely stoned, and his flesh shall not be eaten; but the owner of the ox shall be quit.	
Exodus 21:35	And if one man's ox hurt another's, that he die; then they shall sell the live ox, and divide the money of it; and the dead ox also they shall divide.	
Exodus 21:36	Or if it be known that the ox hath used to push in time past, and his owner hath not kept him in; he shall surely pay ox for ox; and the dead shall be his own.	
Exodus 21:5	And if the servant shall plainly say, I love my master, my wife, and my children; I will not go out free:	
Exodus 21:7	And if a man sell his daughter to be a maidservant, she shall not go out as the menservants do.	
Exodus 21:8	If she please not her master, who hath betrothed her to himself, then shall he let her be redeemed: to sell her unto a strange nation he shall have no power, seeing he hath dealt deceitfully with her.	
Exodus 22:15	But if the owner thereof be with it, he shall not make it good: if it be an hired thing, it came for his hire.	
Exodus 22:16	And if a man entice a maid that is not betrothed, and lie with her, he shall surely endow her to be his wife.	
Exodus 22:23	If thou afflict them in any wise, and they cry at all unto me, I will surely hear their cry;	
Exodus 22:25	If thou lend money to any of my people that is poor by thee, thou shalt not be to him as an usurer, neither shalt thou lay upon him usury.	
Exodus 22:28	Thou shalt not revile the gods, nor curse the ruler of thy people.	
Exodus 22:5	If a man shall cause a field or vineyard to be eaten, and shall put in his beast, and shall feed in another man's field; of the best of his own field, and of the best of his own vineyard, shall he make restitution.	
Exodus 22:7	If a man shall deliver unto his neighbor money or stuff to keep, and it be stolen out of the man's house; if the thief be found, let him pay double.	
Exodus 23:21	Beware of him, and obey his voice, provoke him not; for he will not pardon your transgressions: for my name is in him.	
Exodus 23:28	And I will send hornets before thee, which shall drive out the Hivite, the Canaanite, and the Hittite, from before thee.	
Exodus 23:4	If thou meet thine enemy's ox or his ass going astray, thou shalt surely bring it back to him again.	
Exodus 24:10	And they saw the God of Israel: and there was under his feet as it were a paved work of a sapphire stone, and as it were the body of heaven in his clearness.	
Exodus 24:14	And he said unto the elders, Tarry ye here for us, until we come again unto you: and, behold, Aaron and Hur are with you: if any man have any matters to do, let him come unto them.	
Exodus 24:18	And Moses went into the midst of the cloud, and gat him up into the mount: and Moses was in the mount forty days and forty nights.	
Exodus 24:3	And Moses came and told the people all the words of the LORD, and all the judgments: and all the people answered with one voice, and said, All the words which the LORD hath said will we do.	
Exodus 24:5	And he sent young men of the children of Israel, which offered burnt offerings, and sacrificed peace offerings of oxen unto the LORD.	
Exodus 24:9	Then went up Moses, and Aaron, Nadab, and Abihu, and seventy of the elders of Israel:	
Exodus 25:1	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,	
Exodus 25:10	And they shall make an ark of shittim wood: two cubits and a half shall be the length thereof, and a cubit and a half the breadth thereof, and a cubit and a half the height thereof.	
Exodus 25:13	And thou shalt make staves of shittim wood, and overlay them with gold.	
Exodus 25:20	And the cherubim shall stretch forth their wings on high, covering the mercy seat with their wings, and their faces shall look one to another; toward the mercy seat shall the faces of the cherubim be.	
Exodus 25:32	And six branches shall come out of the sides of it; three branches of the candlestick out of the one side, and three branches of the candlestick out of the other side:	
Exodus 25:34	And in the candlesticks shall be four bowls made like unto almonds, with their knops and their flowers.	
Exodus 25:36	Their knops and their branches shall be of the same: all it shall be one beaten work of pure gold.	
Exodus 25:37	And thou shalt make the seven lamps thereof: and they shall light the lamps thereof, that they may give light over against it.	
Exodus 25:38	And the tongs thereof, and the snuffdishes thereof, shall be of pure gold.	
Exodus 25:40	And look that thou make them after their pattern, which was showed thee in the mount.	
Exodus 25:7	Onyx stones, and stones to be set in the ephod, and in the breastplate.	
Exodus 26:17	Two tenons shall there be in one board, set in order one against another: thus shalt thou make for all the boards of the tabernacle.	
Exodus 26:25	And they shall be eight boards, and their sockets of silver, sixteen sockets; two sockets under one board, and two sockets under another board.	
Exodus 26:26	And thou shalt make bars of shittim wood; five for the boards of the one side of the tabernacle,	
Exodus 26:32	And thou shalt hang it upon four pillars of shittim wood overlaid with gold: their hooks shall be of gold, upon the four sockets of silver.	
Exodus 26:33	And thou shalt hang up the vail under the taches, that thou mayest bring in thither within the vail the ark of the testimony: and the vail shall divide unto you between the holy place and the most holy.	
Exodus 26:36	And thou shalt make an hanging for the door of the tent, of blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen, wrought with needlework.	
Exodus 26:8	The length of one curtain shall be thirty cubits, and the breadth of one curtain four cubits: and the eleven curtains shall be all of one measure.	
Exodus 27:12	And for the breadth of the court on the west side shall be hangings of fifty cubits: their pillars ten, and their sockets ten.	
Exodus 27:17	All the pillars round about the court shall be filleted with silver; their hooks shall be of silver, and their sockets of brass.	
Exodus 27:2	And thou shalt make the horns of it upon the four corners thereof: his horns shall be of the same: and thou shalt overlay it with brass.	
Exodus 27:3	And thou shalt make his pans to receive his ashes, and his shovels, and his basins, and his fleshhooks, and his firepans: all the vessels thereof thou shalt make of brass.	
Exodus 27:5	And thou shalt put it under the compass of the altar beneath, that the net may be even to the midst of the altar.	
Exodus 28:1	And take thou unto thee Aaron thy brother, and his sons with him, from among the children of Israel, that he may minister unto me in the priest's office, even Aaron, Nadab and Abihu, Eleazar and Ithamar, Aaron's sons.	
Exodus 28:12	And thou shalt put the two stones upon the shoulders of the ephod for stones of memorial unto the children of Israel: and Aaron shall bear their names before the LORD upon his two shoulders for a memorial.	
Exodus 28:17	And thou shalt set in it settings of stones, even four rows of stones: the first row shall be a sardius, a topaz, and a carbuncle: this shall be the first row.	
Exodus 28:24	And thou shalt put the two wreathed chains of gold in the two rings which are on the ends of the breastplate.	
Exodus 28:27	And two other rings of gold thou shalt make, and shalt put them on the two sides of the ephod underneath, toward the forepart thereof, over against the other coupling thereof, above the curious girdle of the ephod.	
Exodus 28:34	A golden bell and a pomegranate, a golden bell and a pomegranate, upon the hem of the robe round about.	
Exodus 28:40	And for Aaron's sons thou shalt make coats, and thou shalt make for them girdles, and bonnets shalt thou make for them, for glory and for beauty.	
Exodus 28:8	And the curious girdle of the ephod, which is upon it, shall be of the same, according to the work thereof; even of gold, of blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen.	
Exodus 29:12	And thou shalt take of the blood of the bullock, and put it upon the horns of the altar with thy finger, and pour all the blood beside the bottom of the altar.	
Exodus 29:16	And thou shalt slay the ram, and thou shalt take his blood, and sprinkle it round about upon the altar.	
Exodus 29:19	And thou shalt take the other ram; and Aaron and his sons shall put their hands upon the head of the ram.	
Exodus 29:2	And unleavened bread, and cakes unleavened tempered with oil, and wafers unleavened anointed with oil: of wheaten flour shalt thou make them.	
Exodus 29:21	And thou shalt take of the blood that is upon the altar, and of the anointing oil, and sprinkle it upon Aaron, and upon his garments, and upon his sons, and upon the garments of his sons with him: and he shall be hallowed, and his garments, and his sons, and his sons' garments with him.	
Exodus 29:22	Also thou shalt take of the ram the fat and the rump, and the fat that covereth the inwards, and the caul above the liver, and the two kidneys, and the fat that is upon them, and the right shoulder; for it is a ram of consecration:	
Exodus 29:35	And thus shalt thou do unto Aaron, and to his sons, according to all things which I have commanded thee: seven days shalt thou consecrate them.	
Exodus 29:38	Now this is that which thou shalt offer upon the altar; two lambs of the first year day by day continually.	
Exodus 29:42	This shall be a continual burnt offering throughout your generations at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation before the LORD: where I will meet you, to speak there unto thee.	
Exodus 29:6	And thou shalt put the mitre upon his head, and put the holy crown upon the mitre.	
Exodus 29:9	And thou shalt gird them with girdles, Aaron and his sons, and put the bonnets on them: and the priest's office shall be theirs for a perpetual statute: and thou shalt consecrate Aaron and his sons.	
Exodus 2:13	And when he went out the second day, behold, two men of the Hebrews strove together: and he said to him that did the wrong, Wherefore smitest thou thy fellow?	
Exodus 2:15	Now when Pharaoh heard this thing, he sought to slay Moses. But Moses fled from the face of Pharaoh, and dwelt in the land of Midian: and he sat down by a well.	
Exodus 2:25	And God looked upon the children of Israel, and God had respect unto them.	
Exodus 30:12	When thou takest the sum of the children of Israel after their number, then shall they give every man a ransom for his soul unto the LORD, when thou numberest them; that there be no plague among them, when thou numberest them.	
Exodus 30:29	And thou shalt sanctify them, that they may be most holy: whatsoever toucheth them shall be holy.	
Exodus 30:3	And thou shalt overlay it with pure gold, the top thereof, and the sides thereof round about, and the horns thereof; and thou shalt make unto it a crown of gold round about.	
Exodus 30:34	And the LORD said unto Moses, Take unto thee sweet spices, stacte, and onycha, and galbanum; these sweet spices with pure frankincense: of each shall there be a like weight:	
Exodus 30:7	And Aaron shall burn thereon sweet incense every morning: when he dresseth the lamps, he shall burn incense upon it.	
Exodus 30:8	And when Aaron lighteth the lamps at even, he shall burn incense upon it, a perpetual incense before the LORD throughout your generations.	
Exodus 31:10	And the cloths of service, and the holy garments for Aaron the priest, and the garments of his sons, to minister in the priest's office,	
Exodus 31:11	And the anointing oil, and sweet incense for the holy place: according to all that I have commanded thee shall they do.	
Exodus 31:15	Six days may work be done; but in the seventh is the sabbath of rest, holy to the LORD: whosoever doeth any work in the sabbath day, he shall surely be put to death.	
Exodus 31:16	Wherefore the children of Israel shall keep the sabbath, to observe the sabbath throughout their generations, for a perpetual covenant.	
Exodus 31:7	The tabernacle of the congregation, and the ark of the testimony, and the mercy seat that is thereupon, and all the furniture of the tabernacle,	
Exodus 31:8	And the table and his furniture, and the pure candlestick with all his furniture, and the altar of incense,	
Exodus 31:9	And the altar of burnt offering with all his furniture, and the laver and his foot,	
Exodus 32:15	And Moses turned, and went down from the mount, and the two tables of the testimony were in his hand: the tables were written on both their sides; on the one side and on the other were they written.	
Exodus 32:18	And he said, It is not the voice of them that shout for mastery, neither is it the voice of them that cry for being overcome: but the noise of them that sing do I hear.	
Exodus 32:2	And Aaron said unto them, Break off the golden earrings, which are in the ears of your wives, of your sons, and of your daughters, and bring them unto me.	
Exodus 32:25	And when Moses saw that the people were naked; (for Aaron had made them naked unto their shame among their enemies:)	
Exodus 32:26	Then Moses stood in the gate of the camp, and said, Who is on the LORD's side? let him come unto me. And all the sons of Levi gathered themselves together unto him.	
Exodus 32:33	And the LORD said unto Moses, Whosoever hath sinned against me, him will I blot out of my book.	
Exodus 32:4	And he received them at their hand, and fashioned it with a graving tool, after he had made it a molten calf: and they said, These be thy gods, O Israel, which brought thee up out of the land of Egypt.	
Exodus 32:5	And when Aaron saw it, he built an altar before it; and Aaron made proclamation, and said, To morrow is a feast to the LORD.	
Exodus 33:1	And the LORD said unto Moses, Depart, and go up hence, thou and the people which thou hast brought up out of the land of Egypt, unto the land which I sware unto Abraham, to Isaac, and to Jacob, saying, Unto thy seed will I give it:	
Exodus 33:15	And he said unto him, If thy presence go not with me, carry us not up hence.	
Exodus 33:17	And the LORD said unto Moses, I will do this thing also that thou hast spoken: for thou hast found grace in my sight, and I know thee by name.	
Exodus 33:19	And he said, I will make all my goodness pass before thee, and I will proclaim the name of the LORD before thee; and will be gracious to whom I will be gracious, and will show mercy on whom I will show mercy.	
Exodus 33:20	And he said, Thou canst not see my face: for there shall no man see me, and live.	
Exodus 33:21	And the LORD said, Behold, there is a place by me, and thou shalt stand upon a rock:	
Exodus 33:3	Unto a land flowing with milk and honey: for I will not go up in the midst of thee; for thou art a stiffnecked people: lest I consume thee in the way.	
Exodus 33:9	And it came to pass, as Moses entered into the tabernacle, the cloudy pillar descended, and stood at the door of the tabernacle, and the Lord talked with Moses.	
Exodus 34:12	Take heed to thyself, lest thou make a covenant with the inhabitants of the land whither thou goest, lest it be for a snare in the midst of thee:	
Exodus 34:13	But ye shall destroy their altars, break their images, and cut down their groves:	
Exodus 34:14	For thou shalt worship no other god: for the LORD, whose name is Jealous, is a jealous God:	
Exodus 34:18	The feast of unleavened bread shalt thou keep. Seven days thou shalt eat unleavened bread, as I commanded thee, in the time of the month Abib: for in the month Abib thou camest out from Egypt.	
Exodus 34:20	But the firstling of an ass thou shalt redeem with a lamb: and if thou redeem him not, then shalt thou break his neck. All the firstborn of thy sons thou shalt redeem. And none shall appear before me empty.	
Exodus 34:23	Thrice in the year shall all your men children appear before the LORD God, the God of Israel.	
Exodus 34:24	For I will cast out the nations before thee, and enlarge thy borders: neither shall any man desire thy land, when thou shalt go up to appear before the LORD thy God thrice in the year.	
Exodus 34:27	And the LORD said unto Moses, Write thou these words: for after the tenor of these words I have made a covenant with thee and with Israel.	
Exodus 34:3	And no man shall come up with thee, neither let any man be seen throughout all the mount; neither let the flocks nor herds feed before that mount.	
Exodus 34:31	And Moses called unto them; and Aaron and all the rulers of the congregation returned unto him: and Moses talked with them.	
Exodus 34:5	And the LORD descended in the cloud, and stood with him there, and proclaimed the name of the LORD.	
Exodus 34:7	Keeping mercy for thousands, forgiving iniquity and transgression and sin, and that will by no means clear the guilty; visiting the iniquity of the fathers upon the children, and upon the children's children, unto the third and to the fourth generation.	
Exodus 34:8	And Moses made haste, and bowed his head toward the earth, and worshipped.	
Exodus 35:11	The tabernacle, his tent, and his covering, his taches, and his boards, his bars, his pillars, and his sockets,	
Exodus 35:23	And every man, with whom was found blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine linen, and goats' hair, and red skins of rams, and badgers' skins, brought them.	
Exodus 35:24	Every one that did offer an offering of silver and brass brought the LORD's offering: and every man, with whom was found shittim wood for any work of the service, brought it.	
Exodus 35:29	The children of Israel brought a willing offering unto the LORD, every man and woman, whose heart made them willing to bring for all manner of work, which the LORD had commanded to be made by the hand of Moses.	
Exodus 35:33	And in the cutting of stones, to set them, and in carving of wood, to make any manner of cunning work.	
Exodus 36:13	And he made fifty taches of gold, and coupled the curtains one unto another with the taches: so it became one tabernacle.	
Exodus 36:20	And he made boards for the tabernacle of shittim wood, standing up.	
Exodus 36:21	The length of a board was ten cubits, and the breadth of a board one cubit and a half.	
Exodus 36:23	And he made boards for the tabernacle; twenty boards for the south side southward:	
Exodus 36:26	And their forty sockets of silver; two sockets under one board, and two sockets under another board.	
Exodus 36:3	And they received of Moses all the offering, which the children of Israel had brought for the work of the service of the sanctuary, to make it withal. And they brought yet unto him free offerings every morning.	
Exodus 36:4	And all the wise men, that wrought all the work of the sanctuary, came every man from his work which they made;	
Exodus 36:6	And Moses gave commandment, and they caused it to be proclaimed throughout the camp, saying, Let neither man nor woman make any more work for the offering of the sanctuary. So the people were restrained from bringing.	
Exodus 36:8	And every wise hearted man among them that wrought the work of the tabernacle made ten curtains of fine twined linen, and blue, and purple, and scarlet: with cherubim of cunning work made he them.	
Exodus 37:11	And he overlaid it with pure gold, and made thereunto a crown of gold round about.	
Exodus 37:13	And he cast for it four rings of gold, and put the rings upon the four corners that were in the four feet thereof.	
Exodus 37:14	Over against the border were the rings, the places for the staves to bear the table.	
Exodus 37:17	And he made the candlestick of pure gold: of beaten work made he the candlestick; his shaft, and his branch, his bowls, his knops, and his flowers, were of the same:	
Exodus 37:2	And he overlaid it with pure gold within and without, and made a crown of gold to it round about.	
Exodus 37:21	And a knop under two branches of the same, and a knop under two branches of the same, and a knop under two branches of the same, according to the six branches going out of it.	
Exodus 37:24	Of a talent of pure gold made he it, and all the vessels thereof.	
Exodus 37:5	And he put the staves into the rings by the sides of the ark, to bear the ark.	
Exodus 37:6	And he made the mercy seat of pure gold: two cubits and a half was the length thereof, and one cubit and a half the breadth thereof.	
Exodus 38:1	And he made the altar of burnt offering of shittim wood: five cubits was the length thereof, and five cubits the breadth thereof; it was foursquare; and three cubits the height thereof.	
Exodus 38:12	And for the west side were hangings of fifty cubits, their pillars ten, and their sockets ten; the hooks of the pillars and their fillets of silver.	
Exodus 38:13	And for the east side eastward fifty cubits.	
Exodus 38:15	And for the other side of the court gate, on this hand and that hand, were hangings of fifteen cubits; their pillars three, and their sockets three.	
Exodus 38:21	This is the sum of the tabernacle, even of the tabernacle of testimony, as it was counted, according to the commandment of Moses, for the service of the Levites, by the hand of Ithamar, son to Aaron the priest.	
Exodus 38:25	And the silver of them that were numbered of the congregation was an hundred talents, and a thousand seven hundred and threescore and fifteen shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary:	
Exodus 38:3	And he made all the vessels of the altar, the pots, and the shovels, and the basins, and the fleshhooks, and the firepans: all the vessels thereof made he of brass.	
Exodus 39:24	And they made upon the hems of the robe pomegranates of blue, and purple, and scarlet, and twined linen.	
Exodus 39:26	A bell and a pomegranate, a bell and a pomegranate, round about the hem of the robe to minister in; as the LORD commanded Moses.	
Exodus 39:28	And a mitre of fine linen, and goodly bonnets of fine linen, and linen breeches of fine twined linen,	
Exodus 39:31	And they tied unto it a lace of blue, to fasten it on high upon the mitre; as the LORD commanded Moses.	
Exodus 39:32	Thus was all the work of the tabernacle of the tent of the congregation finished: and the children of Israel did according to all that the LORD commanded Moses, so did they.	
Exodus 39:35	The ark of the testimony, and the staves thereof, and the mercy seat,	
Exodus 39:41	The cloths of service to do service in the holy place, and the holy garments for Aaron the priest, and his sons' garments, to minister in the priest's office.	
Exodus 39:9	It was foursquare; they made the breastplate double: a span was the length thereof, and a span the breadth thereof, being doubled.	
Exodus 3:12	And he said, Certainly I will be with thee; and this shall be a token unto thee, that I have sent thee: When thou hast brought forth the people out of Egypt, ye shall serve God upon this mountain.	
Exodus 3:18	And they shall hearken to thy voice: and thou shalt come, thou and the elders of Israel, unto the king of Egypt, and ye shall say unto him, The LORD God of the Hebrews hath met with us: and now let us go, we beseech thee, three days' journey into the wilderness, that we may sacrifice to the LORD our God.	
Exodus 3:19	And I am sure that the king of Egypt will not let you go, no, not by a mighty hand.	
Exodus 3:22	But every woman shall borrow of her neighbor, and of her that sojourneth in her house, jewels of silver, and jewels of gold, and raiment: and ye shall put them upon your sons, and upon your daughters; and ye shall spoil the Egyptians.	
Exodus 3:4	And when the LORD saw that he turned aside to see, God called unto him out of the midst of the bush, and said, Moses, Moses. And he said, Here am I.	
Exodus 40:11	And thou shalt anoint the laver and his foot, and sanctify it.	
Exodus 40:14	And thou shalt bring his sons, and clothe them with coats:	
Exodus 40:17	And it came to pass in the first month in the second year, on the first day of the month, that the tabernacle was reared up.	
Exodus 40:20	And he took and put the testimony into the ark, and set the staves on the ark, and put the mercy seat above upon the ark:	
Exodus 40:28	And he set up the hanging at the door of the tabernacle.	
Exodus 40:32	When they went into the tent of the congregation, and when they came near unto the altar, they washed; as the LORD commanded Moses.	
Exodus 40:6	And thou shalt set the altar of the burnt offering before the door of the tabernacle of the tent of the congregation.	
Exodus 40:7	And thou shalt set the laver between the tent of the congregation and the altar, and shalt put water therein.	
Exodus 4:11	And the LORD said unto him, Who hath made man's mouth? or who maketh the dumb, or deaf, or the seeing, or the blind? have not I the LORD?	
Exodus 4:13	And he said, O my LORD, send, I pray thee, by the hand of him whom thou wilt send.	
Exodus 4:16	And he shall be thy spokesman unto the people: and he shall be, even he shall be to thee instead of a mouth, and thou shalt be to him instead of God.	
Exodus 4:18	And Moses went and returned to Jethro his father in law, and said unto him, Let me go, I pray thee, and return unto my brethren which are in Egypt, and see whether they be yet alive. And Jethro said to Moses, Go in peace.	
Exodus 4:2	And the LORD said unto him, What is that in thine hand? And he said, A rod.	
Exodus 4:24	And it came to pass by the way in the inn, that the LORD met him, and sought to kill him.	
Exodus 4:25	Then Zipporah took a sharp stone, and cut off the foreskin of her son, and cast it at his feet, and said, Surely a bloody husband art thou to me.	
Exodus 4:28	And Moses told Aaron all the words of the LORD who had sent him, and all the signs which he had commanded him.	
Exodus 4:29	And Moses and Aaron went and gathered together all the elders of the children of Israel:	
Exodus 4:4	And the LORD said unto Moses, Put forth thine hand, and take it by the tail. And he put forth his hand, and caught it, and it became a rod in his hand:	
Exodus 4:6	And the LORD said furthermore unto him, Put now thine hand into thy bosom. And he put his hand into his bosom: and when he took it out, behold, his hand was leprous as snow.	
Exodus 4:9	And it shall come to pass, if they will not believe also these two signs, neither hearken unto thy voice, that thou shalt take of the water of the river, and pour it upon the dry land: and the water which thou takest out of the river shall become blood upon the dry land.	
Exodus 5:19	And the officers of the children of Israel did see that they were in evil case, after it was said, Ye shall not minish ought from your bricks of your daily task.	
Exodus 5:22	And Moses returned unto the LORD, and said, LORD, wherefore hast thou so evil entreated this people? why is it that thou hast sent me?	
Exodus 5:3	And they said, The God of the Hebrews hath met with us: let us go, we pray thee, three days' journey into the desert, and sacrifice unto the LORD our God; lest he fall upon us with pestilence, or with the sword.	
Exodus 5:5	And Pharaoh said, Behold, the people of the land now are many, and ye make them rest from their burdens.	
Exodus 5:8	And the tale of the bricks, which they did make heretofore, ye shall lay upon them; ye shall not diminish ought thereof: for they be idle; therefore they cry, saying, Let us go and sacrifice to our God.	
Exodus 6:11	Go in, speak unto Pharaoh king of Egypt, that he let the children of Israel go out of his land.	
Exodus 6:14	These be the heads of their fathers' houses: The sons of Reuben the firstborn of Israel; Hanoch, and Pallu, Hezron, and Carmi: these be the families of Reuben.	
Exodus 6:19	And the sons of Merari; Mahali and Mushi: these are the families of Levi according to their generations.	
Exodus 6:5	And I have also heard the groaning of the children of Israel, whom the Egyptians keep in bondage; and I have remembered my covenant.	
Exodus 6:6	Wherefore say unto the children of Israel, I am the LORD, and I will bring you out from under the burdens of the Egyptians, and I will rid you out of their bondage, and I will redeem you with a stretched out arm, and with great judgments:	
Exodus 6:8	And I will bring you in unto the land, concerning the which I did swear to give it to Abraham, to Isaac, and to Jacob; and I will give it you for an heritage: I am the LORD.	
Exodus 7:16	And thou shalt say unto him, The LORD God of the Hebrews hath sent me unto thee, saying, Let my people go, that they may serve me in the wilderness: and, behold, hitherto thou wouldest not hear.	
Exodus 7:4	But Pharaoh shall not hearken unto you, that I may lay my hand upon Egypt, and bring forth mine armies, and my people the children of Israel, out of the land of Egypt by great judgments.	
Exodus 7:6	And Moses and Aaron did as the LORD commanded them, so did they.	
Exodus 8:10	And he said, To morrow. And he said, Be it according to thy word: that thou mayest know that there is none like unto the LORD our God.	
Exodus 8:14	And they gathered them together upon heaps: and the land stank.	
Exodus 8:15	But when Pharaoh saw that there was respite, he hardened his heart, and hearkened not unto them; as the LORD had said.	
Exodus 8:16	And the LORD said unto Moses, Say unto Aaron, Stretch out thy rod, and smite the dust of the land, that it may become lice throughout all the land of Egypt.	
Exodus 8:17	And they did so; for Aaron stretched out his hand with his rod, and smote the dust of the earth, and it became lice in man, and in beast; all the dust of the land became lice throughout all the land of Egypt.	
Exodus 8:20	And the LORD said unto Moses, Rise up early in the morning, and stand before Pharaoh; lo, he cometh forth to the water; and say unto him, Thus saith the LORD, Let my people go, that they may serve me.	
Exodus 8:21	Else, if thou wilt not let my people go, behold, I will send swarms of flies upon thee, and upon thy servants, and upon thy people, and into thy houses: and the houses of the Egyptians shall be full of swarms of flies, and also the ground whereon they are.	
Exodus 8:30	And Moses went out from Pharaoh, and entreated the LORD.	
Exodus 8:5	And the LORD spake unto Moses, Say unto Aaron, Stretch forth thine hand with thy rod over the streams, over the rivers, and over the ponds, and cause frogs to come up upon the land of Egypt.	
Exodus 9:1	Then the LORD said unto Moses, Go in unto Pharaoh, and tell him, Thus saith the LORD God of the Hebrews, Let my people go, that they may serve me.	
Exodus 9:10	And they took ashes of the furnace, and stood before Pharaoh; and Moses sprinkled it up toward heaven; and it became a boil breaking forth with blains upon man, and upon beast.	
Exodus 9:23	And Moses stretched forth his rod toward heaven: and the LORD sent thunder and hail, and the fire ran along upon the ground; and the LORD rained hail upon the land of Egypt.	
Exodus 9:33	And Moses went out of the city from Pharaoh, and spread abroad his hands unto the LORD: and the thunders and hail ceased, and the rain was not poured upon the earth.	
Exodus 9:34	And when Pharaoh saw that the rain and the hail and the thunders were ceased, he sinned yet more, and hardened his heart, he and his servants.	
Exodus 9:8	And the LORD said unto Moses and unto Aaron, Take to you handfuls of ashes of the furnace, and let Moses sprinkle it toward the heaven in the sight of Pharaoh.	
Ezekiel 10:11	When they went, they went upon their four sides; they turned not as they went, but to the place whither the head looked they followed it; they turned not as they went.	
Ezekiel 10:14	And every one had four faces: the first face was the face of a cherub, and the second face was the face of a man, and the third the face of a lion, and the fourth the face of an eagle.	
Ezekiel 10:16	And when the cherubims went, the wheels went by them: and when the cherubims lifted up their wings to mount up from the earth, the same wheels also turned not from beside them.	
Ezekiel 10:17	When they stood, these stood; and when they were lifted up, these lifted up themselves also: for the spirit of the living creature was in them.	
Ezekiel 10:20	This is the living creature that I saw under the God of Israel by the river of Chebar; and I knew that they were the cherubims.	
Ezekiel 11:1	Moreover the spirit lifted me up, and brought me unto the east gate of the LORD's house, which looketh eastward: and behold at the door of the gate five and twenty men; among whom I saw Jaazaniah the son of Azur, and Pelatiah the son of Benaiah, princes of the people.	
Ezekiel 11:12	And ye shall know that I am the LORD: for ye have not walked in my statutes, neither executed my judgments, but have done after the manners of the heathen that are round about you.	
Ezekiel 11:18	And they shall come thither, and they shall take away all the detestable things thereof and all the abominations thereof from thence.	
Ezekiel 11:22	Then did the cherubims lift up their wings, and the wheels beside them; and the glory of the God of Israel was over them above.	
Ezekiel 11:3	Which say, It is not near; let us build houses: this city is the caldron, and we be the flesh.	
Ezekiel 11:6	Ye have multiplied your slain in this city, and ye have filled the streets thereof with the slain.	
Ezekiel 11:8	Ye have feared the sword; and I will bring a sword upon you, saith the Lord GOD.	
Ezekiel 11:9	And I will bring you out of the midst thereof, and deliver you into the hands of strangers, and will execute judgments among you.	
Ezekiel 12:1	The word of the LORD also came unto me, saying,	
Ezekiel 12:12	And the prince that is among them shall bear upon his shoulder in the twilight, and shall go forth: they shall dig through the wall to carry out thereby: he shall cover his face, that he see not the ground with his eyes.	
Ezekiel 12:18	Son of man, eat thy bread with quaking, and drink thy water with trembling and with carefulness;	
Ezekiel 12:20	And the cities that are inhabited shall be laid waste, and the land shall be desolate; and ye shall know that I am the LORD.	
Ezekiel 12:21	And the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,	
Ezekiel 12:24	For there shall be no more any vain vision nor flattering divination within the house of Israel.	
Ezekiel 12:28	Therefore say unto them, Thus saith the Lord GOD; There shall none of my words be prolonged any more, but the word which I have spoken shall be done, saith the Lord GOD.	
Ezekiel 12:3	Therefore, thou son of man, prepare thee stuff for removing, and remove by day in their sight; and thou shalt remove from thy place to another place in their sight: it may be they will consider, though they be a rebellious house.	
Ezekiel 13:11	Say unto them which daub it with untempered morter, that it shall fall: there shall be an overflowing shower; and ye, O great hailstones, shall fall; and a stormy wind shall rend it.	
Ezekiel 13:12	Lo, when the wall is fallen, shall it not be said unto you, Where is the daubing wherewith ye have daubed it?	
Ezekiel 13:15	Thus will I accomplish my wrath upon the wall, and upon them that have daubed it with untempered morter, and will say unto you, The wall is no more, neither they that daubed it;	
Ezekiel 13:16	To wit, the prophets of Israel which prophesy concerning Jerusalem, and which see visions of peace for her, and there is no peace, saith the Lord GOD.	
Ezekiel 13:19	And will ye pollute me among my people for handfuls of barley and for pieces of bread, to slay the souls that should not die, and to save the souls alive that should not live, by your lying to my people that hear your lies?	
Ezekiel 13:2	Son of man, prophesy against the prophets of Israel that prophesy, and say thou unto them that prophesy out of their own hearts, Hear ye the word of the LORD;	
Ezekiel 13:4	O Israel, thy prophets are like the foxes in the deserts.	
Ezekiel 13:5	Ye have not gone up into the gaps, neither made up the hedge for the house of Israel to stand in the battle in the day of the LORD.	
Ezekiel 13:8	Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; Because ye have spoken vanity, and seen lies, therefore, behold, I am against you, saith the Lord GOD.	
Ezekiel 14:11	That the house of Israel may go no more astray from me, neither be polluted any more with all their transgressions; but that they may be my people, and I may be their God, saith the Lord GOD.	
Ezekiel 14:13	Son of man, when the land sinneth against me by trespassing grievously, then will I stretch out mine hand upon it, and will break the staff of the bread thereof, and will send famine upon it, and will cut off man and beast from it:	
Ezekiel 14:14	Though these three men, Noah, Daniel, and Job, were in it, they should deliver but their own souls by their righteousness, saith the Lord GOD.	
Ezekiel 14:18	Though these three men were in it, as I live, saith the Lord GOD, they shall deliver neither sons nor daughters, but they only shall be delivered themselves.	
Ezekiel 14:20	Though Noah, Daniel, and Job were in it, as I live, saith the Lord GOD, they shall deliver neither son nor daughter; they shall but deliver their own souls by their righteousness.	
Ezekiel 14:23	And they shall comfort you, when ye see their ways and their doings: and ye shall know that I have not done without cause all that I have done in it, saith the Lord GOD.	
Ezekiel 14:3	Son of man, these men have set up their idols in their heart, and put the stumblingblock of their iniquity before their face: should I be enquired of at all by them?	
Ezekiel 14:7	For every one of the house of Israel, or of the stranger that sojourneth in Israel, which separateth himself from me, and setteth up his idols in his heart, and putteth the stumblingblock of his iniquity before his face, and cometh to a prophet to enquire of him concerning me; I the LORD will answer him by myself:	
Ezekiel 14:9	And if the prophet be deceived when he hath spoken a thing, I the LORD have deceived that prophet, and I will stretch out my hand upon him, and will destroy him from the midst of my people Israel.	
Ezekiel 15:3	Shall wood be taken thereof to do any work? or will men take a pin of it to hang any vessel thereon?	
Ezekiel 15:4	Behold, it is cast into the fire for fuel; the fire devoureth both the ends of it, and the midst of it is burned. Is it meet for any work?	
Ezekiel 16:19	My meat also which I gave thee, fine flour, and oil, and honey, wherewith I fed thee, thou hast even set it before them for a sweet savour: and thus it was, saith the Lord GOD.	
Ezekiel 16:22	And in all thine abominations and thy whoredoms thou hast not remembered the days of thy youth, when thou wast naked and bare, and wast polluted in thy blood.	
Ezekiel 16:24	That thou hast also built unto thee an eminent place, and hast made thee an high place in every street.	
Ezekiel 16:26	Thou hast also committed fornication with the Egyptians thy neighbours, great of flesh; and hast increased thy whoredoms, to provoke me to anger.	
Ezekiel 16:3	And say, Thus saith the Lord GOD unto Jerusalem; Thy birth and thy nativity is of the land of Canaan; thy father was an Amorite, and thy mother an Hittite.	
Ezekiel 16:30	How weak is thine heart, saith the LORD GOD, seeing thou doest all these things, the work of an imperious whorish woman;	
Ezekiel 16:4	And as for thy nativity, in the day thou wast born thy navel was not cut, neither wast thou washed in water to supple thee; thou wast not salted at all, nor swaddled at all.	
Ezekiel 16:40	They shall also bring up a company against thee, and they shall stone thee with stones, and thrust thee through with their swords.	
Ezekiel 16:43	Because thou hast not remembered the days of thy youth, but hast fretted me in all these things; behold, therefore I also will recompense thy way upon thine head, saith the Lord GOD: and thou shalt not commit this lewdness above all thine abominations.	
Ezekiel 16:45	Thou art thy mother's daughter, that lotheth her husband and her children; and thou art the sister of thy sisters, which lothed their husbands and their children: your mother was an Hittite, and your father an Amorite.	
Ezekiel 16:5	None eye pitied thee, to do any of these unto thee, to have compassion upon thee; but thou wast cast out in the open field, to the lothing of thy person, in the day that thou wast born.	
Ezekiel 16:50	And they were haughty, and committed abomination before me: therefore I took them away as I saw good.	
Ezekiel 16:56	For thy sister Sodom was not mentioned by thy mouth in the day of thy pride,	
Ezekiel 16:58	Thou hast borne thy lewdness and thine abominations, saith the LORD.	
Ezekiel 16:6	And when I passed by thee, and saw thee polluted in thine own blood, I said unto thee when thou wast in thy blood, Live; yea, I said unto thee when thou wast in thy blood, Live.	
Ezekiel 17:11	Moreover the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,	
Ezekiel 17:16	As I live, saith the Lord GOD, surely in the place where the king dwelleth that made him king, whose oath he despised, and whose covenant he brake, even with him in the midst of Babylon he shall die.	
Ezekiel 17:19	Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; As I live, surely mine oath that he hath despised, and my covenant that he hath broken, even it will I recompense upon his own head.	
Ezekiel 18:13	Hath given forth upon usury, and hath taken increase: shall he then live? he shall not live: he hath done all these abominations; he shall surely die; his blood shall be upon him.	
Ezekiel 18:15	That hath not eaten upon the mountains, neither hath lifted up his eyes to the idols of the house of Israel, hath not defiled his neighbour's wife,	
Ezekiel 18:16	Neither hath oppressed any, hath not withholden the pledge, neither hath spoiled by violence, but hath given his bread to the hungry, and hath covered the naked with a garment,	
Ezekiel 18:27	Again, when the wicked man turneth away from his wickedness that he hath committed, and doeth that which is lawful and right, he shall save his soul alive.	
Ezekiel 18:5	But if a man be just, and do that which is lawful and right,	
Ezekiel 19:1	Moreover take thou up a lamentation for the princes of Israel,	
Ezekiel 19:12	But she was plucked up in fury, she was cast down to the ground, and the east wind dried up her fruit: her strong rods were broken and withered; the fire consumed them.	
Ezekiel 19:3	And she brought up one of her whelps: it became a young lion, and it learned to catch the prey; it devoured men.	
Ezekiel 19:5	Now when she saw that she had waited, and her hope was lost, then she took another of her whelps, and made him a young lion.	
Ezekiel 19:8	Then the nations set against him on every side from the provinces, and spread their net over him: he was taken in their pit.	
Ezekiel 19:9	And they put him in ward in chains, and brought him to the king of Babylon: they brought him into holds, that his voice should no more be heard upon the mountains of Israel.	
Ezekiel 1:16	The appearance of the wheels and their work was like unto the colour of a beryl: and they four had one likeness: and their appearance and their work was as it were a wheel in the middle of a wheel.	
Ezekiel 1:2	In the fifth day of the month, which was the fifth year of king Jehoiachin's captivity,	
Ezekiel 1:21	When those went, these went; and when those stood, these stood; and when those were lifted up from the earth, the wheels were lifted up over against them: for the spirit of the living creature was in the wheels.	
Ezekiel 1:22	And the likeness of the firmament upon the heads of the living creature was as the colour of the terrible crystal, stretched forth over their heads above.	
Ezekiel 1:7	And their feet were straight feet; and the sole of their feet was like the sole of a calf's foot: and they sparkled like the colour of burnished brass.	
Ezekiel 20:13	But the house of Israel rebelled against me in the wilderness: they walked not in my statutes, and they despised my judgments, which if a man do, he shall even live in them; and my sabbaths they greatly polluted: then I said, I would pour out my fury upon them in the wilderness, to consume them.	
Ezekiel 20:14	But I wrought for my name's sake, that it should not be polluted before the heathen, in whose sight I brought them out.	
Ezekiel 20:19	I am the LORD your God; walk in my statutes, and keep my judgments, and do them;	
Ezekiel 20:21	Notwithstanding the children rebelled against me: they walked not in my statutes, neither kept my judgments to do them, which if a man do, he shall even live in them; they polluted my sabbaths: then I said, I would pour out my fury upon them, to accomplish my anger against them in the wilderness.	
Ezekiel 20:24	Because they had not executed my judgments, but had despised my statutes, and had polluted my sabbaths, and their eyes were after their fathers' idols.	
Ezekiel 20:28	For when I had brought them into the land, for the which I lifted up mine hand to give it to them, then they saw every high hill, and all the thick trees, and they offered there their sacrifices, and there they presented the provocation of their offering: there also they made their sweet savour, and poured out there their drink offerings.	
Ezekiel 20:3	Son of man, speak unto the elders of Israel, and say unto them, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Are ye come to enquire of me? As I live, saith the Lord GOD, I will not be enquired of by you.	
Ezekiel 20:30	Wherefore say unto the house of Israel, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Are ye polluted after the manner of your fathers? and commit ye whoredom after their abominations?	
Ezekiel 20:32	And that which cometh into your mind shall not be at all, that ye say, We will be as the heathen, as the families of the countries, to serve wood and stone.	
Ezekiel 20:33	As I live, saith the Lord GOD, surely with a mighty hand, and with a stretched out arm, and with fury poured out, will I rule over you:	
Ezekiel 20:38	And I will purge out from among you the rebels, and them that transgress against me: I will bring them forth out of the country where they sojourn, and they shall not enter into the land of Israel: and ye shall know that I am the LORD.	
Ezekiel 20:40	For in mine holy mountain, in the mountain of the height of Israel, saith the Lord GOD, there shall all the house of Israel, all of them in the land, serve me: there will I accept them, and there will I require your offerings, and the firstfruits of your oblations, with all your holy things.	
Ezekiel 20:46	Son of man, set thy face toward the south, and drop thy word toward the south, and prophesy against the forest of the south field;	
Ezekiel 20:7	Then said I unto them, Cast ye away every man the abominations of his eyes, and defile not yourselves with the idols of Egypt: I am the LORD your God.	
Ezekiel 21:10	It is sharpened to make a sore slaughter; it is furbished that it may glitter: should we then make mirth? it contemneth the rod of my son, as every tree.	
Ezekiel 21:11	And he hath given it to be furbished, that it may be handled: this sword is sharpened, and it is furbished, to give it into the hand of the slayer.	
Ezekiel 21:19	Also, thou son of man, appoint thee two ways, that the sword of the king of Babylon may come: both twain shall come forth out of one land: and choose thou a place, choose it at the head of the way to the city.	
Ezekiel 21:20	Appoint a way, that the sword may come to Rabbath of the Ammonites, and to Judah in Jerusalem the defenced.	
Ezekiel 21:22	At his right hand was the divination for Jerusalem, to appoint captains, to open the mouth in the slaughter, to lift up the voice with shouting, to appoint battering rams against the gates, to cast a mount, and to build a fort.	
Ezekiel 22:14	Can thine heart endure, or can thine hands be strong, in the days that I shall deal with thee? I the LORD have spoken it, and will do it.	
Ezekiel 22:15	And I will scatter thee among the heathen, and disperse thee in the countries, and will consume thy filthiness out of thee.	
Ezekiel 22:17	And the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,	
Ezekiel 22:21	Yea, I will gather you, and blow upon you in the fire of my wrath, and ye shall be melted in the midst therof.	
Ezekiel 22:26	Her priests have violated my law, and have profaned mine holy things: they have put no difference between the holy and profane, neither have they shewed difference between the unclean and the clean, and have hid their eyes from my sabbaths, and I am profaned among them.	
Ezekiel 22:30	And I sought for a man among them, that should make up the hedge, and stand in the gap before me for the land, that I should not destroy it: but I found none.	
Ezekiel 23:21	Thus thou calledst to remembrance the lewdness of thy youth, in bruising thy teats by the Egyptians for the paps of thy youth.	
Ezekiel 23:25	And I will set my jealousy against thee, and they shall deal furiously with thee: they shall take away thy nose and thine ears; and thy remnant shall fall by the sword: they shall take thy sons and thy daughters; and thy residue shall be devoured by the fire.	
Ezekiel 23:29	And they shall deal with thee hatefully, and shall take away all thy labour, and shall leave thee naked and bare: and the nakedness of thy whoredoms shall be discovered, both thy lewdness and thy whoredoms.	
Ezekiel 23:30	I will do these things unto thee, because thou hast gone a whoring after the heathen, and because thou art polluted with their idols.	
Ezekiel 23:33	Thou shalt be filled with drunkenness and sorrow, with the cup of astonishment and desolation, with the cup of thy sister Samaria.	
Ezekiel 23:35	Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; Because thou hast forgotten me, and cast me behind thy back, therefore bear thou also thy lewdness and thy whoredoms.	
Ezekiel 23:37	That they have committed adultery, and blood is in their hands, and with their idols have they committed adultery, and have also caused their sons, whom they bare unto me, to pass for them through the fire, to devour them.	
Ezekiel 23:4	And the names of them were Aholah the elder, and Aholibah her sister: and they were mine, and they bare sons and daughters. Thus were their names; Samaria is Aholah, and Jerusalem Aholibah.	
Ezekiel 23:43	Then said I unto her that was old in adulteries, Will they now commit whoredoms with her, and she with them?	
Ezekiel 23:8	Neither left she her whoredoms brought from Egypt: for in her youth they lay with her, and they bruised the breasts of her virginity, and poured their whoredom upon her.	
Ezekiel 24:1	Again in the ninth year, in the tenth month, in the tenth day of the month, the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,	
Ezekiel 24:13	In thy filthiness is lewdness: because I have purged thee, and thou wast not purged, thou shalt not be purged from thy filthiness any more, till I have caused my fury to rest upon thee.	
Ezekiel 24:17	Forbear to cry, make no mourning for the dead, bind the tire of thine head upon thee, and put on thy shoes upon thy feet, and cover not thy lips, and eat not the bread of men.	
Ezekiel 24:2	Son of man, write thee the name of the day, even of this same day: the king of Babylon set himself against Jerusalem this same day.	
Ezekiel 24:24	Thus Ezekiel is unto you a sign: according to all that he hath done shall ye do: and when this cometh, ye shall know that I am the Lord GOD.	
Ezekiel 24:5	Take the choice of the flock, and burn also the bones under it, and make it boil well, and let them seethe the bones of it therein.	
Ezekiel 24:6	Wherefore thus saith the Lord GOD; Woe to the bloody city, to the pot whose scum is therein, and whose scum is not gone out of it! bring it out piece by piece; let no lot fall upon it.	
Ezekiel 25:10	Unto the men of the east with the Ammonites, and will give them in possession, that the Ammonites may not be remembered among the nations.	
Ezekiel 25:4	Behold, therefore I will deliver thee to the men of the east for a possession, and they shall set their palaces in thee, and make their dwellings in thee: they shall eat thy fruit, and they shall drink thy milk.	
Ezekiel 26:10	By reason of the abundance of his horses their dust shall cover thee: thy walls shall shake at the noise of the horsemen, and of the wheels, and of the chariots, when he shall enter into thy gates, as men enter into a city wherein is made a breach.	
Ezekiel 26:2	Son of man, because that Tyrus hath said against Jerusalem, Aha, she is broken that was the gates of the people: she is turned unto me: I shall be replenished, now she is laid waste:	
Ezekiel 26:20	When I shall bring thee down with them that descend into the pit, with the people of old time, and shall set thee in the low parts of the earth, in places desolate of old, with them that go down to the pit, that thou be not inhabited; and I shall set glory in the land of the living;	
Ezekiel 26:21	I will make thee a terror, and thou shalt be no more: though thou be sought for, yet shalt thou never be found again, saith the Lord GOD.	
Ezekiel 26:3	Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I am against thee, O Tyrus, and will cause many nations to come up against thee, as the sea causeth his waves to come up.	
Ezekiel 27:12	Tarshish was thy merchant by reason of the multitude of all kind of riches; with silver, iron, tin, and lead, they traded in thy fairs.	
Ezekiel 27:13	Javan, Tubal, and Meshech, they were thy merchants: they traded the persons of men and vessels of brass in thy market.	
Ezekiel 27:14	They of the house of Togarmah traded in thy fairs with horses and horsemen and mules.	
Ezekiel 27:2	Now, thou son of man, take up a lamentation for Tyrus;	
Ezekiel 27:20	Dedan was thy merchant in precious clothes for chariots.	
Ezekiel 27:24	These were thy merchants in all sorts of things, in blue clothes, and broidered work, and in chests of rich apparel, bound with cords, and made of cedar, among thy merchandise.	
Ezekiel 27:25	The ships of Tarshish did sing of thee in thy market: and thou wast replenished, and made very glorious in the midst of the seas.	
Ezekiel 27:3	And say unto Tyrus, O thou that art situate at the entry of the sea, which art a merchant of the people for many isles, Thus saith the Lord GOD; O Tyrus, thou hast said, I am of perfect beauty.	
Ezekiel 27:35	All the inhabitants of the isles shall be astonished at thee, and their kings shall be sore afraid, they shall be troubled in their countenance.	
Ezekiel 27:36	The merchants among the people shall hiss at thee; thou shalt be a terror, and never shalt be any more.	
Ezekiel 27:4	Thy borders are in the midst of the seas, thy builders have perfected thy beauty.	
Ezekiel 27:6	Of the oaks of Bashan have they made thine oars; the company of the Ashurites have made thy benches of ivory, brought out of the isles of Chittim.	
Ezekiel 27:7	Fine linen with broidered work from Egypt was that which thou spreadest forth to be thy sail; blue and purple from the isles of Elishah was that which covered thee.	
Ezekiel 28:11	Moreover the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,	
Ezekiel 28:15	Thou wast perfect in thy ways from the day that thou wast created, till iniquity was found in thee.	
Ezekiel 28:23	For I will send into her pestilence, and blood into her streets; and the wounded shall be judged in the midst of her by the sword upon her on every side; and they shall know that I am the LORD.	
Ezekiel 28:24	And there shall be no more a pricking brier unto the house of Israel, nor any grieving thorn of all that are round about them, that despised them; and they shall know that I am the Lord GOD.	
Ezekiel 28:25	Thus saith the Lord GOD; When I shall have gathered the house of Israel from the people among whom they are scattered, and shall be sanctified in them in the sight of the heathen, then shall they dwell in their land that I have given to my servant Jacob.	
Ezekiel 29:15	It shall be the basest of the kingdoms; neither shall it exalt itself any more above the nations: for I will diminish them, that they shall no more rule over the nations.	
Ezekiel 29:20	I have given him the land of Egypt for his labour wherewith he served against it, because they wrought for me, saith the Lord GOD.	
Ezekiel 29:21	In that day will I cause the horn of the house of Israel to bud forth, and I will give thee the opening of the mouth in the midst of them; and they shall know that I am the LORD.	
Ezekiel 29:9	And the land of Egypt shall be desolate and waste; and they shall know that I am the LORD: because he hath said, The river is mine, and I have made it.	
Ezekiel 2:1	And he said unto me, Son of man, stand upon thy feet, and I will speak unto thee.	
Ezekiel 30:11	He and his people with him, the terrible of the nations, shall be brought to destroy the land: and they shall draw their swords against Egypt, and fill the land with the slain.	
Ezekiel 30:12	And I will make the rivers dry, and sell the land into the hand of the wicked: and I will make the land waste, and all that is therein, by the hand of strangers: I the LORD have spoken it.	
Ezekiel 30:19	Thus will I execute judgments in Egypt: and they shall know that I am the LORD.	
Ezekiel 30:20	And it came to pass in the eleventh year, in the first month, in the seventh day of the month, that the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,	
Ezekiel 30:24	And I will strengthen the arms of the king of Babylon, and put my sword in his hand: but I will break Pharaoh's arms, and he shall groan before him with the groanings of a deadly wounded man.	
Ezekiel 30:25	But I will strengthen the arms of the king of Babylon, and the arms of Pharaoh shall fall down; and they shall know that I am the LORD, when I shall put my sword into the hand of the king of Babylon, and he shall stretch it out upon the land of Egypt.	
Ezekiel 31:1	And it came to pass in the eleventh year, in the third month, in the first day of the month, that the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,	
Ezekiel 31:11	I have therefore delivered him into the hand of the mighty one of the heathen; he shall surely deal with him: I have driven him out for his wickedness.	
Ezekiel 31:16	I made the nations to shake at the sound of his fall, when I cast him down to hell with them that descend into the pit: and all the trees of Eden, the choice and best of Lebanon, all that drink water, shall be comforted in the nether parts of the earth.	
Ezekiel 31:4	The waters made him great, the deep set him up on high with her rivers running round about his plants, and sent her little rivers unto all the trees of the field.	
Ezekiel 31:6	All the fowls of heaven made their nests in his boughs, and under his branches did all the beasts of the field bring forth their young, and under his shadow dwelt all great nations.	
Ezekiel 31:8	The cedars in the garden of God could not hide him: the fir trees were not like his boughs, and the chestnut trees were not like his branches; nor any tree in the garden of God was like unto him in his beauty.	
Ezekiel 32:10	Yea, I will make many people amazed at thee, and their kings shall be horribly afraid for thee, when I shall brandish my sword before them; and they shall tremble at every moment, every man for his own life, in the day of thy fall.	
Ezekiel 32:12	By the swords of the mighty will I cause thy multitude to fall, the terrible of the nations, all of them: and they shall spoil the pomp of Egypt, and all the multitude thereof shall be destroyed.	
Ezekiel 32:18	Son of man, wail for the multitude of Egypt, and cast them down, even her, and the daughters of the famous nations, unto the nether parts of the earth, with them that go down into the pit.	
Ezekiel 32:25	They have set her a bed in the midst of the slain with all her multitude: her graves are round about him: all of them uncircumcised, slain by the sword: though their terror was caused in the land of the living, yet have they borne their shame with them that go down to the pit: he is put in the midst of them that be slain.	
Ezekiel 32:27	And they shall not lie with the mighty that are fallen of the uncircumcised, which are gone down to hell with their weapons of war: and they have laid their swords under their heads, but their iniquities shall be upon their bones, though they were the terror of the mighty in the land of the living.	
Ezekiel 32:28	Yea, thou shalt be broken in the midst of the uncircumcised, and shalt lie with them that are slain with the sword.	
Ezekiel 32:29	There is Edom, her kings, and all her princes, which with their might are laid by them that were slain by the sword: they shall lie with the uncircumcised, and with them that go down to the pit.	
Ezekiel 32:30	There be the princes of the north, all of them, and all the Zidonians, which are gone down with the slain; with their terror they are ashamed of their might; and they lie uncircumcised with them that be slain by the sword, and bear their shame with them that go down to the pit.	
Ezekiel 32:8	All the bright lights of heaven will I make dark over thee, and set darkness upon thy land, saith the Lord GOD.	
Ezekiel 33:1	Again the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,	
Ezekiel 33:14	Again, when I say unto the wicked, Thou shalt surely die; if he turn from his sin, and do that which is lawful and right;	
Ezekiel 33:17	Yet the children of thy people say, The way of the Lord is not equal: but as for them, their way is not equal.	
Ezekiel 33:18	When the righteous turneth from his righteousness, and committeth iniquity, he shall even die thereby.	
Ezekiel 33:24	Son of man, they that inhabit those wastes of the land of Israel speak, saying, Abraham was one, and he inherited the land: but we are many; the land is given us for inheritance.	
Ezekiel 33:25	Wherefore say unto them, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Ye eat with the blood, and lift up your eyes toward your idols, and shed blood: and shall ye possess the land?	
Ezekiel 33:5	He heard the sound of the trumpet, and took not warning; his blood shall be upon him. But he that taketh warning shall deliver his soul.	
Ezekiel 33:9	Nevertheless, if thou warn the wicked of his way to turn from it; if he do not turn from his way, he shall die in his iniquity; but thou hast delivered thy soul.	
Ezekiel 34:1	And the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,	
Ezekiel 34:17	And as for you, O my flock, thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I judge between cattle and cattle, between the rams and the he goats.	
Ezekiel 34:26	And I will make them and the places round about my hill a blessing; and I will cause the shower to come down in his season; there shall be showers of blessing.	
Ezekiel 34:28	And they shall no more be a prey to the heathen, neither shall the beast of the land devour them; but they shall dwell safely, and none shall make them afraid.	
Ezekiel 34:9	Therefore, O ye shepherds, hear the word of the LORD;	
Ezekiel 35:10	Because thou hast said, These two nations and these two countries shall be mine, and we will possess it; whereas the LORD was there:	
Ezekiel 35:14	Thus saith the Lord GOD; When the whole earth rejoiceth, I will make thee desolate.	
Ezekiel 35:4	I will lay thy cities waste, and thou shalt be desolate, and thou shalt know that I am the LORD.	
Ezekiel 35:5	Because thou hast had a perpetual hatred, and hast shed the blood of the children of Israel by the force of the sword in the time of their calamity, in the time that their iniquity had an end:	
Ezekiel 36:10	And I will multiply men upon you, all the house of Israel, even all of it: and the cities shall be inhabited, and the wastes shall be builded:	
Ezekiel 36:16	Moreover the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,	
Ezekiel 36:21	But I had pity for mine holy name, which the house of Israel had profaned among the heathen, whither they went.	
Ezekiel 36:29	I will also save you from all your uncleannesses: and I will call for the corn, and will increase it, and lay no famine upon you.	
Ezekiel 36:36	Then the heathen that are left round about you shall know that I the LORD build the ruined places, and plant that that was desolate: I the LORD have spoken it, and I will do it.	
Ezekiel 36:37	Thus saith the Lord GOD; I will yet for this be enquired of by the house of Israel, to do it for them; I will increase them with men like a flock.	
Ezekiel 36:38	As the holy flock, as the flock of Jerusalem in her solemn feasts; so shall the waste cities be filled with flocks of men: and they shall know that I am the LORD.	
Ezekiel 36:6	Prophesy therefore concerning the land of Israel, and say unto the mountains, and to the hills, to the rivers, and to the valleys, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I have spoken in my jealousy and in my fury, because ye have borne the shame of the heathen:	
Ezekiel 36:9	For, behold, I am for you, and I will turn unto you, and ye shall be tilled and sown:	
Ezekiel 37:1	The hand of the LORD was upon me, and carried me out in the spirit of the LORD, and set me down in the midst of the valley which was full of bones,	
Ezekiel 37:11	Then he said unto me, Son of man, these bones are the whole house of Israel: behold, they say, Our bones are dried, and our hope is lost: we are cut off for our parts.	
Ezekiel 37:16	Moreover, thou son of man, take thee one stick, and write upon it, For Judah, and for the children of Israel his companions: then take another stick, and write upon it, For Joseph, the stick of Ephraim and for all the house of Israel his companions:	
Ezekiel 37:17	And join them one to another into one stick; and they shall become one in thine hand.	
Ezekiel 37:18	And when the children of thy people shall speak unto thee, saying, Wilt thou not shew us what thou meanest by these?	
Ezekiel 37:25	And they shall dwell in the land that I have given unto Jacob my servant, wherein your fathers have dwelt; and they shall dwell therein, even they, and their children, and their children's children for ever: and my servant David shall be their prince for ever.	
Ezekiel 37:8	And when I beheld, lo, the sinews and the flesh came up upon them, and the skin covered them above: but there was no breath in them.	
Ezekiel 38:1	And the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,	
Ezekiel 38:13	Sheba, and Dedan, and the merchants of Tarshish, with all the young lions thereof, shall say unto thee, Art thou come to take a spoil? hast thou gathered thy company to take a prey? to carry away silver and gold, to take away cattle and goods, to take a great spoil?	
Ezekiel 38:17	Thus saith the Lord GOD; Art thou he of whom I have spoken in old time by my servants the prophets of Israel, which prophesied in those days many years that I would bring thee against them?	
Ezekiel 38:2	Son of man, set thy face against Gog, the land of Magog, the chief prince of Meshech and Tubal, and prophesy against him,	
Ezekiel 38:20	So that the fishes of the sea, and the fowls of the heaven, and the beasts of the field, and all creeping things that creep upon the earth, and all the men that are upon the face of the earth, shall shake at my presence, and the mountains shall be thrown down, and the steep places shall fall, and every wall shall fall to the ground.	
Ezekiel 38:3	And say, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I am against thee, O Gog, the chief prince of Meshech and Tubal:	
Ezekiel 38:6	Gomer, and all his bands; the house of Togarmah of the north quarters, and all his bands: and many people with thee.	
Ezekiel 38:9	Thou shalt ascend and come like a storm, thou shalt be like a cloud to cover the land, thou, and all thy bands, and many people with thee.	
Ezekiel 39:1	Therefore, thou son of man, prophesy against Gog, and say, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I am against thee, O Gog, the chief prince of Meshech and Tubal:	
Ezekiel 39:13	Yea, all the people of the land shall bury them; and it shall be to them a renown the day that I shall be glorified, saith the Lord GOD.	
Ezekiel 39:16	And also the name of the city shall be Hamonah. Thus shall they cleanse the land.	
Ezekiel 39:18	Ye shall eat the flesh of the mighty, and drink the blood of the princes of the earth, of rams, of lambs, and of goats, of bullocks, all of them fatlings of Bashan.	
Ezekiel 39:20	Thus ye shall be filled at my table with horses and chariots, with mighty men, and with all men of war, saith the Lord GOD.	
Ezekiel 39:21	And I will set my glory among the heathen, and all the heathen shall see my judgment that I have executed, and my hand that I have laid upon them.	
Ezekiel 39:22	So the house of Israel shall know that I am the LORD their God from that day and forward.	
Ezekiel 39:23	And the heathen shall know that the house of Israel went into captivity for their iniquity: because they trespassed against me, therefore hid I my face from them, and gave them into the hand of their enemies: so fell they all by the sword.	
Ezekiel 39:25	Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; Now will I bring again the captivity of Jacob, and have mercy upon the whole house of Israel, and will be jealous for my holy name;	
Ezekiel 39:27	When I have brought them again from the people, and gathered them out of their enemies' lands, and am sanctified in them in the sight of many nations;	
Ezekiel 39:6	And I will send a fire on Magog, and among them that dwell carelessly in the isles: and they shall know that I am the LORD.	
Ezekiel 3:10	Moreover he said unto me, Son of man, all my words that I shall speak unto thee receive in thine heart, and hear with thine ears.	
Ezekiel 3:14	So the spirit lifted me up, and took me away, and I went in bitterness, in the heat of my spirit; but the hand of the LORD was strong upon me.	
Ezekiel 3:16	And it came to pass at the end of seven days, that the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,	
Ezekiel 3:21	Nevertheless if thou warn the righteous man, that the righteous sin not, and he doth not sin, he shall surely live, because he is warned; also thou hast delivered thy soul.	
Ezekiel 3:22	And the hand of the LORD was there upon me; and he said unto me, Arise, go forth into the plain, and I will there talk with thee.	
Ezekiel 3:23	Then I arose, and went forth into the plain: and, behold, the glory of the LORD stood there, as the glory which I saw by the river of Chebar: and I fell on my face.	
Ezekiel 3:25	But thou, O son of man, behold, they shall put bands upon thee, and shall bind thee with them, and thou shalt not go out among them:	
Ezekiel 40:16	And there were narrow windows to the little chambers, and to their posts within the gate round about, and likewise to the arches: and windows were round about inward: and upon each post were palm trees.	
Ezekiel 40:19	Then he measured the breadth from the forefront of the lower gate unto the forefront of the inner court without, an hundred cubits eastward and northward.	
Ezekiel 40:20	And the gate of the outward court that looked toward the north, he measured the length thereof, and the breadth thereof.	
Ezekiel 40:21	And the little chambers thereof were three on this side and three on that side; and the posts thereof and the arches thereof were after the measure of the first gate: the length thereof was fifty cubits, and the breadth five and twenty cubits.	
Ezekiel 40:25	And there were windows in it and in the arches thereof round about, like those windows: the length was fifty cubits, and the breadth five and twenty cubits.	
Ezekiel 40:29	And the little chambers thereof, and the posts thereof, and the arches thereof, according to these measures: and there were windows in it and in the arches thereof round about: it was fifty cubits long, and five and twenty cubits broad.	
Ezekiel 40:30	And the arches round about were five and twenty cubits long, and five cubits broad.	
Ezekiel 40:32	And he brought me into the inner court toward the east: and he measured the gate according to these measures.	
Ezekiel 40:38	And the chambers and the entries thereof were by the posts of the gates, where they washed the burnt offering.	
Ezekiel 40:4	And the man said unto me, Son of man, behold with thine eyes, and hear with thine ears, and set thine heart upon all that I shall shew thee; for to the intent that I might shew them unto thee art thou brought hither: declare all that thou seest to the house of Israel.	
Ezekiel 41:12	Now the building that was before the separate place at the end toward the west was seventy cubits broad; and the wall of the building was five cubits thick round about, and the length thereof ninety cubits.	
Ezekiel 41:13	So he measured the house, an hundred cubits long; and the separate place, and the building, with the walls thereof, an hundred cubits long;	
Ezekiel 41:18	And it was made with cherubims and palm trees, so that a palm tree was between a cherub and a cherub; and every cherub had two faces;	
Ezekiel 41:25	And there were made on them, on the doors of the temple, cherubims and palm trees, like as were made upon the walls; and there were thick planks upon the face of the porch without.	
Ezekiel 41:4	So he measured the length thereof, twenty cubits; and the breadth, twenty cubits, before the temple: and he said unto me, This is the most holy place.	
Ezekiel 41:7	And there was an enlarging, and a winding about still upward to the side chambers: for the winding about of the house went still upward round about the house: therefore the breadth of the house was still upward, and so increased from the lowest chamber to the highest by the midst.	
Ezekiel 41:9	The thickness of the wall, which was for the side chamber without, was five cubits: and that which was left was the place of the side chambers that were within.	
Ezekiel 42:14	When the priests enter therein, then shall they not go out of the holy place into the utter court, but there they shall lay their garments wherein they minister; for they are holy; and shall put on other garments, and shall approach to those things which are for the people.	
Ezekiel 42:17	He measured the north side, five hundred reeds, with the measuring reed round about.	
Ezekiel 42:7	And the wall that was without over against the chambers, toward the utter court on the forepart of the chambers, the length thereof was fifty cubits.	
Ezekiel 43:10	Thou son of man, shew the house to the house of Israel, that they may be ashamed of their iniquities: and let them measure the pattern.	
Ezekiel 43:13	And these are the measures of the altar after the cubits: The cubit is a cubit and an hand breadth; even the bottom shall be a cubit, and the breadth a cubit, and the border thereof by the edge thereof round about shall be a span: and this shall be the higher place of the altar.	
Ezekiel 43:19	And thou shalt give to the priests the Levites that be of the seed of Zadok, which approach unto me, to minister unto me, saith the Lord GOD, a young bullock for a sin offering.	
Ezekiel 43:2	And, behold, the glory of the God of Israel came from the way of the east: and his voice was like a noise of many waters: and the earth shined with his glory.	
Ezekiel 43:25	Seven days shalt thou prepare every day a goat for a sin offering: they shall also prepare a young bullock, and a ram out of the flock, without blemish.	
Ezekiel 43:27	And when these days are expired, it shall be, that upon the eighth day, and so forward, the priests shall make your burnt offerings upon the altar, and your peace offerings; and I will accept you, saith the Lord GOD.	
Ezekiel 43:5	So the spirit took me up, and brought me into the inner court; and, behold, the glory of the LORD filled the house.	
Ezekiel 43:6	And I heard him speaking unto me out of the house; and the man stood by me.	
Ezekiel 43:7	And he said unto me, Son of man, the place of my throne, and the place of the soles of my feet, where I will dwell in the midst of the children of Israel for ever, and my holy name, shall the house of Israel no more defile, neither they, nor their kings, by their whoredom, nor by the carcases of their kings in their high places.	
Ezekiel 43:8	In their setting of their threshold by my thresholds, and their post by my posts, and the wall between me and them, they have even defiled my holy name by their abominations that they have committed: wherefore I have consumed them in mine anger.	
Ezekiel 44:11	Yet they shall be ministers in my sanctuary, having charge at the gates of the house, and ministering to the house: they shall slay the burnt offering and the sacrifice for the people, and they shall stand before them to minister unto them.	
Ezekiel 44:15	But the priests the Levites, the sons of Zadok, that kept the charge of my sanctuary when the children of Israel went astray from me, they shall come near to me to minister unto me, and they shall stand before me to offer unto me the fat and the blood, saith the Lord GOD:	
Ezekiel 44:17	And it shall come to pass, that when they enter in at the gates of the inner court, they shall be clothed with linen garments; and no wool shall come upon them, whiles they minister in the gates of the inner court, and within.	
Ezekiel 44:18	They shall have linen bonnets upon their heads, and shall have linen breeches upon their loins; they shall not gird themselves with any thing that causeth sweat.	
Ezekiel 44:2	Then said the LORD unto me; This gate shall be shut, it shall not be opened, and no man shall enter in by it; because the LORD, the God of Israel, hath entered in by it, therefore it shall be shut.	
Ezekiel 44:20	Neither shall they shave their heads, nor suffer their locks to grow long; they shall only poll their heads.	
Ezekiel 44:24	And in controversy they shall stand in judgment; and they shall judge it according to my judgments: and they shall keep my laws and my statutes in all mine assemblies; and they shall hallow my sabbaths.	
Ezekiel 44:29	They shall eat the meat offering, and the sin offering, and the trespass offering: and every dedicated thing in Israel shall be theirs.	
Ezekiel 44:8	And ye have not kept the charge of mine holy things: but ye have set keepers of my charge in my sanctuary for yourselves.	
Ezekiel 44:9	Thus saith the Lord GOD; No stranger, uncircumcised in heart, nor uncircumcised in flesh, shall enter into my sanctuary, of any stranger that is among the children of Israel.	
Ezekiel 45:12	And the shekel shall be twenty gerahs: twenty shekels, five and twenty shekels, fifteen shekels, shall be your maneh.	
Ezekiel 45:14	Concerning the ordinance of oil, the bath of oil, ye shall offer the tenth part of a bath out of the cor, which is an homer of ten baths; for ten baths are an homer:	
Ezekiel 45:15	And one lamb out of the flock, out of two hundred, out of the fat pastures of Israel; for a meat offering, and for a burnt offering, and for peace offerings, to make reconciliation for them, saith the Lord GOD.	
Ezekiel 45:22	And upon that day shall the prince prepare for himself and for all the people of the land a bullock for a sin offering.	
Ezekiel 45:24	And he shall prepare a meat offering of an ephah for a bullock, and an ephah for a ram, and an hin of oil for an ephah.	
Ezekiel 45:5	And the five and twenty thousand of length, and the ten thousand of breadth shall also the Levites, the ministers of the house, have for themselves, for a possession for twenty chambers.	
Ezekiel 46:15	Thus shall they prepare the lamb, and the meat offering, and the oil, every morning for a continual burnt offering.	
Ezekiel 46:18	Moreover the prince shall not take of the people's inheritance by oppression, to thrust them out of their possession; but he shall give his sons inheritance out of his own possession: that my people be not scattered every man from his possession.	
Ezekiel 46:20	Then said he unto me, This is the place where the priests shall boil the trespass offering and the sin offering, where they shall bake the meat offering; that they bear them not out into the utter court, to sanctify the people.	
Ezekiel 46:5	And the meat offering shall be an ephah for a ram, and the meat offering for the lambs as he shall be able to give, and an hin of oil to an ephah.	
Ezekiel 46:8	And when the prince shall enter, he shall go in by the way of the porch of that gate, and he shall go forth by the way thereof.	
Ezekiel 47:1	Afterward he brought me again unto the door of the house; and, behold, waters issued out from under the threshold of the house eastward: for the forefront of the house stood toward the east, and the waters came down from under from the right side of the house, at the south side of the altar.	
Ezekiel 47:12	And by the river upon the bank thereof, on this side and on that side, shall grow all trees for meat, whose leaf shall not fade, neither shall the fruit thereof be consumed: it shall bring forth new fruit according to his months, because their waters they issued out of the sanctuary: and the fruit thereof shall be for meat, and the leaf thereof for medicine.	
Ezekiel 48:11	It shall be for the priests that are sanctified of the sons of Zadok; which have kept my charge, which went not astray when the children of Israel went astray, as the Levites went astray.	
Ezekiel 48:12	And this oblation of the land that is offered shall be unto them a thing most holy by the border of the Levites.	
Ezekiel 48:13	And over against the border of the priests the Levites shall have five and twenty thousand in length, and ten thousand in breadth: all the length shall be five and twenty thousand, and the breadth ten thousand.	
Ezekiel 48:15	And the five thousand, that are left in the breadth over against the five and twenty thousand, shall be a profane place for the city, for dwelling, and for suburbs: and the city shall be in the midst thereof.	
Ezekiel 48:16	And these shall be the measures thereof; the north side four thousand and five hundred, and the south side four thousand and five hundred, and on the east side four thousand and five hundred, and the west side four thousand and five hundred.	
Ezekiel 48:18	And the residue in length over against the oblation of the holy portion shall be ten thousand eastward, and ten thousand westward: and it shall be over against the oblation of the holy portion; and the increase thereof shall be for food unto them that serve the city.	
Ezekiel 48:19	And they that serve the city shall serve it out of all the tribes of Israel.	
Ezekiel 48:20	All the oblation shall be five and twenty thousand by five and twenty thousand: ye shall offer the holy oblation foursquare, with the possession of the city.	
Ezekiel 48:23	As for the rest of the tribes, from the east side unto the west side, Benjamin shall have a portion.	
Ezekiel 48:27	And by the border of Zebulun, from the east side unto the west side, Gad a portion.	
Ezekiel 48:3	And by the border of Asher, from the east side even unto the west side, a portion for Naphtali.	
Ezekiel 48:31	And the gates of the city shall be after the names of the tribes of Israel: three gates northward; one gate of Reuben, one gate of Judah, one gate of Levi.	
Ezekiel 48:4	And by the border of Naphtali, from the east side unto the west side, a portion for Manasseh.	
Ezekiel 48:8	And by the border of Judah, from the east side unto the west side, shall be the offering which ye shall offer of five and twenty thousand reeds in breadth, and in length as one of the other parts, from the east side unto the west side: and the sanctuary shall be in the midst of it.	
Ezekiel 4:10	And thy meat which thou shalt eat shall be by weight, twenty shekels a day: from time to time shalt thou eat it.	
Ezekiel 4:14	Then said I, Ah Lord GOD! behold, my soul hath not been polluted: for from my youth up even till now have I not eaten of that which dieth of itself, or is torn in pieces; neither came there abominable flesh into my mouth.	
Ezekiel 4:16	Moreover he said unto me, Son of man, behold, I will break the staff of bread in Jerusalem: and they shall eat bread by weight, and with care; and they shall drink water by measure, and with astonishment:	
Ezekiel 4:17	That they may want bread and water, and be astonied one with another, and consume away for their iniquity.	
Ezekiel 4:2	And lay siege against it, and build a fort against it, and cast a mount against it; set the camp also against it, and set battering rams against it round about.	
Ezekiel 4:5	For I have laid upon thee the years of their iniquity, according to the number of the days, three hundred and ninety days: so shalt thou bear the iniquity of the house of Israel.	
Ezekiel 4:9	Take thou also unto thee wheat, and barley, and beans, and lentiles, and millet, and fitches, and put them in one vessel, and make thee bread thereof, according to the number of the days that thou shalt lie upon thy side, three hundred and ninety days shalt thou eat thereof.	
Ezekiel 5:11	Wherefore, as I live, saith the Lord GOD; Surely, because thou hast defiled my sanctuary with all thy detestable things, and with all thine abominations, therefore will I also diminish thee; neither shall mine eye spare, neither will I have any pity.	
Ezekiel 5:17	So will I send upon you famine and evil beasts, and they shall bereave thee: and pestilence and blood shall pass through thee; and I will bring the sword upon thee. I the LORD have spoken it.	
Ezekiel 5:2	Thou shalt burn with fire a third part in the midst of the city, when the days of the siege are fulfilled: and thou shalt take a third part, and smite about it with a knife: and a third part thou shalt scatter in the wind; and I will draw out a sword after them.	
Ezekiel 5:3	Thou shalt also take thereof a few in number, and bind them in thy skirts.	
Ezekiel 5:4	Then take of them again, and cast them into the midst of the fire, and burn them in the fire; for thereof shall a fire come forth into all the house of Israel.	
Ezekiel 5:8	Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I, even I, am against thee, and will execute judgments in the midst of thee in the sight of the nations.	
Ezekiel 5:9	And I will do in thee that which I have not done, and whereunto I will not do any more the like, because of all thine abominations.	
Ezekiel 6:2	Son of man, set thy face toward the mountains of Israel, and prophesy against them,	
Ezekiel 6:3	And say, Ye mountains of Israel, hear the word of the Lord GOD; Thus saith the Lord GOD to the mountains, and to the hills, to the rivers, and to the valleys; Behold, I, even I, will bring a sword upon you, and I will destroy your high places.	
Ezekiel 6:6	In all your dwellingplaces the cities shall be laid waste, and the high places shall be desolate; that your altars may be laid waste and made desolate, and your idols may be broken and cease, and your images may be cut down, and your works may be abolished.	
Ezekiel 7:12	The time is come, the day draweth near: let not the buyer rejoice, nor the seller mourn: for wrath is upon all the multitude thereof.	
Ezekiel 7:16	But they that escape of them shall escape, and shall be on the mountains like doves of the valleys, all of them mourning, every one for his iniquity.	
Ezekiel 7:17	All hands shall be feeble, and all knees shall be weak as water.	
Ezekiel 7:18	They shall also gird themselves with sackcloth, and horror shall cover them; and shame shall be upon all faces, and baldness upon all their heads.	
Ezekiel 7:2	Also, thou son of man, thus saith the Lord GOD unto the land of Israel; An end, the end is come upon the four corners of the land.	
Ezekiel 7:26	Mischief shall come upon mischief, and rumour shall be upon rumour; then shall they seek a vision of the prophet; but the law shall perish from the priest, and counsel from the ancients.	
Ezekiel 7:8	Now will I shortly pour out my fury upon thee, and accomplish mine anger upon thee: and I will judge thee according to thy ways, and will recompense thee for all thine abominations.	
Ezekiel 8:1	And it came to pass in the sixth year, in the sixth month, in the fifth day of the month, as I sat in mine house, and the elders of Judah sat before me, that the hand of the Lord GOD fell there upon me.	
Ezekiel 8:12	Then said he unto me, Son of man, hast thou seen what the ancients of the house of Israel do in the dark, every man in the chambers of his imagery? for they say, the LORD seeth us not; the LORD hath forsaken the earth.	
Ezekiel 8:13	He said also unto me, Turn thee yet again, and thou shalt see greater abominations that they do.	
Ezekiel 8:16	And he brought me into the inner court of the LORD's house, and, behold, at the door of the temple of the LORD, between the porch and the altar, were about five and twenty men, with their backs toward the temple of the LORD, and their faces toward the east; and they worshipped the sun toward the east.	
Ezekiel 8:18	Therefore will I also deal in fury: mine eye shall not spare, neither will I have pity: and though they cry in mine ears with a loud voice, yet will I not hear them.	
Ezekiel 8:2	Then I beheld, and lo a likeness as the appearance of fire: from the appearance of his loins even downward, fire; and from his loins even upward, as the appearance of brightness, as the colour of amber.	
Ezekiel 8:3	And he put forth the form of an hand, and took me by a lock of mine head; and the spirit lifted me up between the earth and the heaven, and brought me in the visions of God to Jerusalem, to the door of the inner gate that looketh toward the north; where was the seat of the image of jealousy, which provoketh to jealousy.	
Ezekiel 8:4	And, behold, the glory of the God of Israel was there, according to the vision that I saw in the plain.	
Ezekiel 8:9	And he said unto me, Go in, and behold the wicked abominations that they do here.	
Ezekiel 9:6	Slay utterly old and young, both maids, and little children, and women: but come not near any man upon whom is the mark; and begin at my sanctuary. Then they began at the ancient men which were before the house.	
Ezekiel 9:7	And he said unto them, Defile the house, and fill the courts with the slain: go ye forth. And they went forth, and slew in the city.	
Ezra 10:20	And of the sons of Immer; Hanani, and Zebadiah.	
Ezra 10:28	Of the sons also of Bebai; Jehohanan, Hananiah, Zabbai, and Athlai.	
Ezra 10:34	Of the sons of Bani; Maadai, Amram, and Uel,	
Ezra 10:36	Vaniah, Meremoth, Eliashib,	
Ezra 10:37	Mattaniah, Mattenai, and Jaasau,	
Ezra 10:41	Azareel, and Shelemiah, Shemariah,	
Ezra 10:8	And that whosoever would not come within three days, according to the counsel of the princes and the elders, all his substance should be forfeited, and himself separated from the congregation of those that had been carried away.	
Ezra 1:11	All the vessels of gold and of silver were five thousand and four hundred. All these did Sheshbazzar bring up with them of the captivity that were brought up from Babylon unto Jerusalem.	
Ezra 1:3	Who is there among you of all his people? his God be with him, and let him go up to Jerusalem, which is in Judah, and build the house of the LORD God of Israel, (he is the God,) which is in Jerusalem.	
Ezra 1:7	Also Cyrus the king brought forth the vessels of the house of the LORD, which Nebuchadnezzar had brought forth out of Jerusalem, and had put them in the house of his gods;	
Ezra 2:1	Now these are the children of the province that went up out of the captivity, of those which had been carried away, whom Nebuchadnezzar the king of Babylon had carried away unto Babylon, and came again unto Jerusalem and Judah, every one unto his city;	
Ezra 2:14	The children of Bigvai, two thousand fifty and six.	
Ezra 2:16	The children of Ater of Hezekiah, ninety and eight.	
Ezra 2:19	The children of Hashum, two hundred twenty and three.	
Ezra 2:28	The men of Bethel and Ai, two hundred twenty and three.	
Ezra 2:3	The children of Parosh, two thousand an hundred seventy and two.	
Ezra 2:30	The children of Magbish, an hundred fifty and six.	
Ezra 2:31	The children of the other Elam, a thousand two hundred fifty and four.	
Ezra 2:44	The children of Keros, the children of Siaha, the children of Padon,	
Ezra 2:45	The children of Lebanah, the children of Hagabah, the children of Akkub,	
Ezra 2:46	The children of Hagab, the children of Shalmai, the children of Hanan,	
Ezra 2:50	The children of Asnah, the children of Mehunim, the children of Nephusim,	
Ezra 2:51	The children of Bakbuk, the children of Hakupha, the children of Harhur,	
Ezra 2:56	The children of Jaalah, the children of Darkon, the children of Giddel,	
Ezra 2:64	The whole congregation together was forty and two thousand three hundred and threescore,	
Ezra 2:9	The children of Zaccai, seven hundred and threescore.	
Ezra 3:13	So that the people could not discern the noise of the shout of joy from the noise of the weeping of the people: for the people shouted with a loud shout, and the noise was heard afar off.	
Ezra 4:11	This is the copy of the letter that they sent unto him, even unto Artaxerxes the king; Thy servants the men on this side the river, and at such a time.	
Ezra 4:12	Be it known unto the king, that the Jews which came up from thee to us are come unto Jerusalem, building the rebellious and the bad city, and have set up the walls thereof, and joined the foundations.	
Ezra 4:16	We certify the king that, if this city be builded again, and the walls thereof set up, by this means thou shalt have no portion on this side the river.	
Ezra 4:2	Then they came to Zerubbabel, and to the chief of the fathers, and said unto them, Let us build with you: for we seek your God, as ye do; and we do sacrifice unto him since the days of Esarhaddon king of Assur, which brought us up hither.	
Ezra 4:8	Rehum the chancellor and Shimshai the scribe wrote a letter against Jerusalem to Artaxerxes the king in this sort:	
Ezra 5:15	And said unto him, Take these vessels, go, carry them into the temple that is in Jerusalem, and let the house of God be builded in his place.	
Ezra 5:17	Now therefore, if it seem good to the king, let there be search made in the king's treasure house, which is there at Babylon, whether it be so, that a decree was made of Cyrus the king to build this house of God at Jerusalem, and let the king send his pleasure to us concerning this matter.	
Ezra 5:4	Then said we unto them after this manner, What are the names of the men that make this building?	
Ezra 5:5	But the eye of their God was upon the elders of the Jews, that they could not cause them to cease, till the matter came to Darius: and then they returned answer by letter concerning this matter.	
Ezra 5:7	They sent a letter unto him, wherein was written thus; Unto Darius the king, all peace.	
Ezra 5:9	Then asked we those elders, and said unto them thus, Who commanded you to build this house, and to make up these walls?	
Ezra 6:10	That they may offer sacrifices of sweet savours unto the God of heaven, and pray for the life of the king, and of his sons.	
Ezra 6:11	Also I have made a decree, that whosoever shall alter this word, let timber be pulled down from his house, and being set up, let him be hanged thereon; and let his house be made a dunghill for this.	
Ezra 6:17	And offered at the dedication of this house of God an hundred bullocks, two hundred rams, four hundred lambs; and for a sin offering for all Israel, twelve he goats, according to the number of the tribes of Israel.	
Ezra 6:18	And they set the priests in their divisions, and the Levites in their courses, for the service of God, which is at Jerusalem; as it is written in the book of Moses.	
Ezra 6:19	And the children of the captivity kept the passover upon the fourteenth day of the first month.	
Ezra 6:2	And there was found at Achmetha, in the palace that is in the province of the Medes, a roll, and therein was a record thus written:	
Ezra 6:21	And the children of Israel, which were come again out of captivity, and all such as had separated themselves unto them from the filthiness of the heathen of the land, to seek the LORD God of Israel, did eat,	
Ezra 6:6	Now therefore, Tatnai, governor beyond the river, Shetharboznai, and your companions the Apharsachites, which are beyond the river, be ye far from thence:	
Ezra 7:10	For Ezra had prepared his heart to seek the law of the LORD, and to do it, and to teach in Israel statutes and judgments.	
Ezra 7:17	That thou mayest buy speedily with this money bullocks, rams, lambs, with their meat offerings and their drink offerings, and offer them upon the altar of the house of your God which is in Jerusalem.	
Ezra 7:2	The son of Shallum, the son of Zadok, the son of Ahitub,	
Ezra 7:25	And thou, Ezra, after the wisdom of thy God, that is in thine hand, set magistrates and judges, which may judge all the people that are beyond the river, all such as know the laws of thy God; and teach ye them that know them not.	
Ezra 8:11	And of the sons of Bebai; Zechariah the son of Bebai, and with him twenty and eight males.	
Ezra 8:13	And of the last sons of Adonikam, whose names are these, Eliphelet, Jeiel, and Shemaiah, and with them threescore males.	
Ezra 8:17	And I sent them with commandment unto Iddo the chief at the place Casiphia, and I told them what they should say unto Iddo, and to his brethren the Nethinims, at the place Casiphia, that they should bring unto us ministers for the house of our God.	
Ezra 8:23	So we fasted and besought our God for this: and he was intreated of us.	
Ezra 8:26	I even weighed unto their hand six hundred and fifty talents of silver, and silver vessels an hundred talents, and of gold an hundred talents;	
Ezra 8:28	And I said unto them, Ye are holy unto the LORD; the vessels are holy also; and the silver and the gold are a freewill offering unto the LORD God of your fathers.	
Ezra 8:3	Of the sons of Shechaniah, of the sons of Pharosh; Zechariah: and with him were reckoned by genealogy of the males an hundred and fifty.	
Ezra 8:34	By number and by weight of every one: and all the weight was written at that time.	
Ezra 8:5	Of the sons of Shechaniah; the son of Jahaziel, and with him three hundred males.	
Ezra 9:10	And now, O our God, what shall we say after this? for we have forsaken thy commandments,	
Ezra 9:12	Now therefore give not your daughters unto their sons, neither take their daughters unto your sons, nor seek their peace or their wealth for ever: that ye may be strong, and eat the good of the land, and leave it for an inheritance to your children for ever.	
Galatians 1:16	To reveal his Son in me, that I might preach him among the heathen; immediately I conferred not with flesh and blood:	
Galatians 1:2	And all the brethren which are with me, unto the churches of Galatia:	
Galatians 1:23	But they had heard only, That he which persecuted us in times past now preacheth the faith which once he destroyed.	
Galatians 1:8	But though we, or an angel from heaven, preach any other gospel unto you than that which we have preached unto you, let him be accursed.	
Galatians 2:1	Then fourteen years after I went up again to Jerusalem with Barnabas, and took Titus with me also.	
Galatians 2:10	Only they would that we should remember the poor; the same which I also was forward to do.	
Galatians 2:11	But when Peter was come to Antioch, I withstood him to the face, because he was to be blamed.	
Galatians 2:12	For before that certain came from James, he did eat with the Gentiles: but when they were come, he withdrew and separated himself, fearing them which were of the circumcision.	
Galatians 2:14	But when I saw that they walked not uprightly according to the truth of the gospel, I said unto Peter before them all, If thou, being a Jew, livest after the manner of Gentiles, and not as do the Jews, why compellest thou the Gentiles to live as do the Jews?	
Galatians 2:4	And that because of false brethren unawares brought in, who came in privily to spy out our liberty which we have in Christ Jesus, that they might bring us into bondage:	
Galatians 2:5	To whom we gave place by subjection, no, not for an hour; that the truth of the gospel might continue with you.	
Galatians 2:8	(For he that wrought effectually in Peter to the apostleship of the circumcision, the same was mighty in me toward the Gentiles:)	
Galatians 3:13	Christ hath redeemed us from the curse of the law, being made a curse for us: for it is written, Cursed is every one that hangeth on a tree:	
Galatians 3:18	For if the inheritance be of the law, it is no more of promise: but God gave it to Abraham by promise.	
Galatians 3:2	This only would I learn of you, Received ye the Spirit by the works of the law, or by the hearing of faith?	
Galatians 3:21	Is the law then against the promises of God? God forbid: for if there had been a law given which could have given life, verily righteousness should have been by the law.	
Galatians 3:24	Wherefore the law was our schoolmaster to bring us unto Christ, that we might be justified by faith.	
Galatians 3:26	For ye are all the children of God by faith in Christ Jesus.	
Galatians 3:29	And if ye be Christ's, then are ye Abraham's seed, and heirs according to the promise.	
Galatians 3:5	He therefore that ministereth to you the Spirit, and worketh miracles among you, doeth he it by the works of the law, or by the hearing of faith?	
Galatians 3:9	So then they which be of faith are blessed with faithful Abraham.	
Galatians 4:25	For this Agar is mount Sinai in Arabia, and answereth to Jerusalem which now is, and is in bondage with her children.	
Galatians 4:31	So then, brethren, we are not children of the bondwoman, but of the free.	
Galatians 5:12	I would they were even cut off which trouble you.	
Galatians 5:13	For, brethren, ye have been called unto liberty; only use not liberty for an occasion to the flesh, but by love serve one another.	
Galatians 5:18	But if ye be led of the Spirit, ye are not under the law.	
Galatians 5:20	Idolatry, witchcraft, hatred, variance, emulations, wrath, strife, seditions, heresies,	
Galatians 5:6	For in Jesus Christ neither circumcision availeth any thing, nor uncircumcision; but faith which worketh by love.	
Galatians 6:13	For neither they themselves who are circumcised keep the law; but desire to have you circumcised, that they may glory in your flesh.	
Galatians 6:16	And as many as walk according to this rule, peace be on them, and mercy, and upon the Israel of God.	
Galatians 6:6	Let him that is taught in the word communicate unto him that teacheth in all good things.	
Genesis 10:12	And Resen between Nineveh and Calah: the same is a great city.	
Genesis 10:14	And Pathrusim, and Casluhim, (out of whom came Philistim,) and Caphtorim.	
Genesis 10:16	And the Jebusite, and the Amorite, and the Girgasite,	
Genesis 10:19	And the border of the Canaanites was from Sidon, as thou comest to Gerar, unto Gaza; as thou goest, unto Sodom, and Gomorrah, and Admah, and Zeboim, even unto Lasha.	
Genesis 10:20	These are the sons of Ham, after their families, after their tongues, in their countries, and in their nations.	
Genesis 10:21	Unto Shem also, the father of all the children of Eber, the brother of Japheth the elder, even to him were children born.	
Genesis 10:23	And the children of Aram; Uz, and Hul, and Gether, and Mash.	
Genesis 10:25	And unto Eber were born two sons: the name of one was Peleg; for in his days was the earth divided; and his brother's name was Joktan.	
Genesis 10:26	And Joktan begat Almodad, and Sheleph, and Hazarmaveth, and Jerah,	
Genesis 10:29	And Ophir, and Havilah, and Jobab: all these were the sons of Joktan.	
Genesis 10:32	These are the families of the sons of Noah, after their generations, in their nations: and by these were the nations divided in the earth after the flood.	
Genesis 11:18	And Peleg lived thirty years, and begat Reu:	
Genesis 11:21	And Reu lived after he begat Serug two hundred and seven years, and begat sons and daughters.	
Genesis 11:22	And Serug lived thirty years, and begat Nahor:	
Genesis 11:23	And Serug lived after he begat Nahor two hundred years, and begat sons and daughters.	
Genesis 11:24	And Nahor lived nine and twenty years, and begat Terah:	
Genesis 11:25	And Nahor lived after he begat Terah an hundred and nineteen years, and begat sons and daughters.	
Genesis 11:28	And Haran died before his father Terah in the land of his nativity, in Ur of the Chaldees.	
Genesis 11:31	And Terah took Abram his son, and Lot the son of Haran his son's son, and Sarai his daughter in law, his son Abram's wife; and they went forth with them from Ur of the Chaldees, to go into the land of Canaan; and they came unto Haran, and dwelt there.	
Genesis 11:32	And the days of Terah were two hundred and five years: and Terah died in Haran.	
Genesis 12:17	And the LORD plagued Pharaoh and his house with great plagues because of Sarai Abram's wife.	
Genesis 12:2	And I will make of thee a great nation, and I will bless thee, and make thy name great; and thou shalt be a blessing:	
Genesis 12:7	And the LORD appeared unto Abram, and said, Unto thy seed will I give this land: and there builded he an altar unto the LORD, who appeared unto him.	
Genesis 13:12	Abram dwelled in the land of Canaan, and Lot dwelled in the cities of the plain, and pitched his tent toward Sodom.	
Genesis 14:10	And the vale of Siddim was full of slime pits; and the kings of Sodom and Gomorrah fled, and fell there; and they that remained fled to the mountain.	
Genesis 14:11	And they took all the goods of Sodom and Gomorrah, and all their victuals, and went their way.	
Genesis 14:15	And he divided himself against them, he and his servants, by night, and smote them, and pursued them unto Hobah, which is on the left hand of Damascus.	
Genesis 14:20	And blessed be the most high God, which hath delivered thine enemies into thy hand. And he gave him tithes of all.	
Genesis 14:5	And in the fourteenth year came Chedorlaomer, and the kings that were with him, and smote the Rephaim in Ashteroth Karnaim, and the Zuzims in Ham, and the Emins in Shaveh Kiriathaim,	
Genesis 15:15	And thou shalt go to thy fathers in peace; thou shalt be buried in a good old age.	
Genesis 15:18	In the same day the LORD made a covenant with Abram, saying, Unto thy seed have I given this land, from the river of Egypt unto the great river, the river Euphrates:	
Genesis 15:20	And the Hittites, and the Perizzites, and the Rephaim,	
Genesis 15:3	And Abram said, Behold, to me thou hast given no seed: and, lo, one born in my house is mine heir.	
Genesis 15:4	And, behold, the word of the LORD came unto him, saying, This shall not be thine heir; but he that shall come forth out of thine own bowels shall be thine heir.	
Genesis 15:5	And he brought him forth abroad, and said, Look now toward heaven, and tell the stars, if thou be able to number them: and he said unto him, So shall thy seed be.	
Genesis 16:12	And he will be a wild man; his hand will be against every man, and every man's hand against him; and he shall dwell in the presence of all his brethren.	
Genesis 16:13	And she called the name of the LORD that spake unto her, Thou God seest me: for she said, Have I also here looked after him that seeth me?	
Genesis 16:4	And he went in unto Hagar, and she conceived: and when she saw that she had conceived, her mistress was despised in her eyes.	
Genesis 16:7	And the angel of the LORD found her by a fountain of water in the wilderness, by the fountain in the way to Shur.	
Genesis 17:10	This is my covenant, which ye shall keep, between me and you and thy seed after thee; Every man child among you shall be circumcised.	
Genesis 17:11	And ye shall circumcise the flesh of your foreskin; and it shall be a token of the covenant betwixt me and you.	
Genesis 17:12	And he that is eight days old shall be circumcised among you, every man child in your generations, he that is born in the house, or bought with money of any stranger, which is not of thy seed.	
Genesis 17:15	And God said unto Abraham, As for Sarai thy wife, thou shalt not call her name Sarai, but Sarah shall her name be.	
Genesis 17:18	And Abraham said unto God, O that Ishmael might live before thee!	
Genesis 17:23	And Abraham took Ishmael his son, and all that were born in his house, and all that were bought with his money, every male among the men of Abraham's house; and circumcised the flesh of their foreskin in the selfsame day, as God had said unto him.	
Genesis 17:25	And Ishmael his son was thirteen years old, when he was circumcised in the flesh of his foreskin.	
Genesis 17:8	And I will give unto thee, and to thy seed after thee, the land wherein thou art a stranger, all the land of Canaan, for an everlasting possession; and I will be their God.	
Genesis 18:1	And the LORD appeared unto him in the plains of Mamre: and he sat in the tent door in the heat of the day;	
Genesis 18:11	Now Abraham and Sarah were old and well stricken in age; and it ceased to be with Sarah after the manner of women.	
Genesis 18:13	And the LORD said unto Abraham, Wherefore did Sarah laugh, saying, Shall I of a surety bear a child, which am old?	
Genesis 18:15	Then Sarah denied, saying, I laughed not; for she was afraid. And he said, Nay; but thou didst laugh.	
Genesis 18:18	Seeing that Abraham shall surely become a great and mighty nation, and all the nations of the earth shall be blessed in him?	
Genesis 18:24	Peradventure there be fifty righteous within the city: wilt thou also destroy and not spare the place for the fifty righteous that are therein?	
Genesis 18:3	And said, My LORD, if now I have found favor in thy sight, pass not away, I pray thee, from thy servant:	
Genesis 18:33	And the LORD went his way, as soon as he had left communing with Abraham: and Abraham returned unto his place.	
Genesis 19:20	Behold now, this city is near to flee unto, and it is a little one: Oh, let me escape thither, (is it not a little one?) and my soul shall live.	
Genesis 19:21	And he said unto him, See, I have accepted thee concerning this thing also, that I will not overthrow this city, for the which thou hast spoken.	
Genesis 19:23	The sun was risen upon the earth when Lot entered into Zoar.	
Genesis 19:26	But his wife looked back from behind him, and she became a pillar of salt.	
Genesis 19:29	And it came to pass, when God destroyed the cities of the plain, that God remembered Abraham, and sent Lot out of the midst of the overthrow, when he overthrew the cities in the which Lot dwelt.	
Genesis 19:30	And Lot went up out of Zoar, and dwelt in the mountain, and his two daughters with him; for he feared to dwell in Zoar: and he dwelt in a cave, he and his two daughters.	
Genesis 19:31	And the firstborn said unto the younger, Our father is old, and there is not a man in the earth to come in unto us after the manner of all the earth:	
Genesis 19:34	And it came to pass on the morrow, that the firstborn said unto the younger, Behold, I lay yesternight with my father: let us make him drink wine this night also; and go thou in, and lie with him, that we may preserve seed of our father.	
Genesis 19:35	And they made their father drink wine that night also: and the younger arose, and lay with him; and he perceived not when she lay down, nor when she arose.	
Genesis 19:5	And they called unto Lot, and said unto him, Where are the men which came in to thee this night? bring them out unto us, that we may know them.	
Genesis 19:7	And said, I pray you, brethren, do not so wickedly.	
Genesis 19:8	Behold now, I have two daughters which have not known man; let me, I pray you, bring them out unto you, and do ye to them as is good in your eyes: only unto these men do nothing; for therefore came they under the shadow of my roof.	
Genesis 1:1	In the beginning God created the heaven and the earth.	
Genesis 1:10	And God called the dry land Earth; and the gathering together of the waters called he Seas: and God saw that it was good.	
Genesis 1:12	And the earth brought forth grass, and herb yielding seed after his kind, and the tree yielding fruit, whose seed was in itself, after his kind: and God saw that it was good.	
Genesis 1:16	And God made two great lights; the greater light to rule the day, and the lesser light to rule the night: he made the stars also.	
Genesis 1:18	And to rule over the day and over the night, and to divide the light from the darkness: and God saw that it was good.	
Genesis 1:22	And God blessed them, saying, Be fruitful, and multiply, and fill the waters in the seas, and let fowl multiply in the earth.	
Genesis 1:23	And the evening and the morning were the fifth day.	
Genesis 1:24	And God said, Let the earth bring forth the living creature after his kind, cattle, and creeping thing, and beast of the earth after his kind: and it was so.	
Genesis 1:27	So God created man in his own image, in the image of God created he him; male and female created he them.	
Genesis 1:28	And God blessed them, and God said unto them, Be fruitful, and multiply, and replenish the earth, and subdue it: and have dominion over the fish of the sea, and over the fowl of the air, and over every living thing that moveth upon the earth.	
Genesis 20:13	And it came to pass, when God caused me to wander from my father's house, that I said unto her, This is thy kindness which thou shalt show unto me; at every place whither we shall come, say of me, He is my brother.	
Genesis 20:4	But Abimelech had not come near her: and he said, LORD, wilt thou slay also a righteous nation?	
Genesis 21:10	Wherefore she said unto Abraham, Cast out this bondwoman and her son: for the son of this bondwoman shall not be heir with my son, even with Isaac.	
Genesis 21:11	And the thing was very grievous in Abraham's sight because of his son.	
Genesis 21:14	And Abraham rose up early in the morning, and took bread, and a bottle of water, and gave it unto Hagar, putting it on her shoulder, and the child, and sent her away: and she departed, and wandered in the wilderness of Beersheba.	
Genesis 21:15	And the water was spent in the bottle, and she cast the child under one of the shrubs.	
Genesis 21:21	And he dwelt in the wilderness of Paran: and his mother took him a wife out of the land of Egypt.	
Genesis 21:22	And it came to pass at that time, that Abimelech and Phichol the chief captain of his host spake unto Abraham, saying, God is with thee in all that thou doest:	
Genesis 21:28	And Abraham set seven ewe lambs of the flock by themselves.	
Genesis 21:33	And Abraham planted a grove in Beersheba, and called there on the name of the LORD, the everlasting God.	
Genesis 21:8	And the child grew, and was weaned: and Abraham made a great feast the same day that Isaac was weaned.	
Genesis 22:1	And it came to pass after these things, that God did tempt Abraham, and said unto him, Abraham: and he said, Behold, here I am.	
Genesis 22:14	And Abraham called the name of that place Jehovahjireh: as it is said to this day, In the mount of the LORD it shall be seen.	
Genesis 22:15	And the angel of the LORD called unto Abraham out of heaven the second time,	
Genesis 22:18	And in thy seed shall all the nations of the earth be blessed; because thou hast obeyed my voice.	
Genesis 22:2	And he said, Take now thy son, thine only son Isaac, whom thou lovest, and get thee into the land of Moriah; and offer him there for a burnt offering upon one of the mountains which I will tell thee of.	
Genesis 22:24	And his concubine, whose name was Reumah, she bare also Tebah, and Gaham, and Thahash, and Maachah.	
Genesis 22:5	And Abraham said unto his young men, Abide ye here with the ass; and I and the lad will go yonder and worship, and come again to you.	
Genesis 22:9	And they came to the place which God had told him of; and Abraham built an altar there, and laid the wood in order, and bound Isaac his son, and laid him on the altar upon the wood.	
Genesis 23:20	And the field, and the cave that is therein, were made sure unto Abraham for a possession of a buryingplace by the sons of Heth.	
Genesis 23:5	And the children of Heth answered Abraham, saying unto him,	
Genesis 24:10	And the servant took ten camels of the camels of his master, and departed; for all the goods of his master were in his hand: and he arose, and went to Mesopotamia, unto the city of Nahor.	
Genesis 24:15	And it came to pass, before he had done speaking, that, behold, Rebekah came out, who was born to Bethuel, son of Milcah, the wife of Nahor, Abraham's brother, with her pitcher upon her shoulder.	
Genesis 24:23	And said, Whose daughter art thou? tell me, I pray thee: is there room in thy father's house for us to lodge in?	
Genesis 24:24	And she said unto him, I am the daughter of Bethuel the son of Milcah, which she bare unto Nahor.	
Genesis 24:32	And the man came into the house: and he ungirded his camels, and gave straw and provender for the camels, and water to wash his feet, and the men's feet that were with him.	
Genesis 24:37	And my master made me swear, saying, Thou shalt not take a wife to my son of the daughters of the Canaanites, in whose land I dwell:	
Genesis 24:38	But thou shalt go unto my father's house, and to my kindred, and take a wife unto my son.	
Genesis 24:4	But thou shalt go unto my country, and to my kindred, and take a wife unto my son Isaac.	
Genesis 24:43	Behold, I stand by the well of water; and it shall come to pass, that when the virgin cometh forth to draw water, and I say to her, Give me, I pray thee, a little water of thy pitcher to drink;	
Genesis 24:48	And I bowed down my head, and worshipped the LORD, and blessed the LORD God of my master Abraham, which had led me in the right way to take my master's brother's daughter unto his son.	
Genesis 24:50	Then Laban and Bethuel answered and said, The thing proceedeth from the LORD: we cannot speak unto thee bad or good.	
Genesis 24:53	And the servant brought forth jewels of silver, and jewels of gold, and raiment, and gave them to Rebekah: he gave also to her brother and to her mother precious things.	
Genesis 24:55	And her brother and her mother said, Let the damsel abide with us a few days, at the least ten; after that she shall go.	
Genesis 24:56	And he said unto them, Hinder me not, seeing the LORD hath prospered my way; send me away that I may go to my master.	
Genesis 24:59	And they sent away Rebekah their sister, and her nurse, and Abraham's servant, and his men.	
Genesis 24:60	And they blessed Rebekah, and said unto her, Thou art our sister, be thou the mother of thousands of millions, and let thy seed possess the gate of those which hate them.	
Genesis 24:63	And Isaac went out to meditate in the field at the eventide: and he lifted up his eyes, and saw, and, behold, the camels were coming.	
Genesis 24:7	The LORD God of heaven, which took me from my father's house, and from the land of my kindred, and which spake unto me, and that sware unto me, saying, Unto thy seed will I give this land; he shall send his angel before thee, and thou shalt take a wife unto my son from thence.	
Genesis 25:18	And they dwelt from Havilah unto Shur, that is before Egypt, as thou goest toward Assyria: and he died in the presence of all his brethren.	
Genesis 25:24	And when her days to be delivered were fulfilled, behold, there were twins in her womb.	
Genesis 25:4	And the sons of Midian; Ephah, and Epher, and Hanoch, and Abidah, and Eldaah. All these were the children of Keturah.	
Genesis 25:5	And Abraham gave all that he had unto Isaac.	
Genesis 25:9	And his sons Isaac and Ishmael buried him in the cave of Machpelah, in the field of Ephron the son of Zohar the Hittite, which is before Mamre;	
Genesis 26:13	And the man waxed great, and went forward, and grew until he became very great:	
Genesis 26:17	And Isaac departed thence, and pitched his tent in the valley of Gerar, and dwelt there.	
Genesis 26:2	And the LORD appeared unto him, and said, Go not down into Egypt; dwell in the land which I shall tell thee of:	
Genesis 26:29	That thou wilt do us no hurt, as we have not touched thee, and as we have done unto thee nothing but good, and have sent thee away in peace: thou art now the blessed of the LORD.	
Genesis 26:30	And he made them a feast, and they did eat and drink.	
Genesis 26:33	And he called it Shebah: therefore the name of the city is Beersheba unto this day.	
Genesis 26:34	And Esau was forty years old when he took to wife Judith the daughter of Beeri the Hittite, and Bashemath the daughter of Elon the Hittite:	
Genesis 26:7	And the men of the place asked him of his wife; and he said, She is my sister: for he feared to say, She is my wife; lest, said he, the men of the place should kill me for Rebekah; because she was fair to look upon.	
Genesis 26:9	And Abimelech called Isaac, and said, Behold, of a surety she is thy wife; and how saidst thou, She is my sister? And Isaac said unto him, Because I said, Lest I die for her.	
Genesis 27:10	And thou shalt bring it to thy father, that he may eat, and that he may bless thee before his death.	
Genesis 27:17	And she gave the savory meat and the bread, which she had prepared, into the hand of her son Jacob.	
Genesis 27:20	And Isaac said unto his son, How is it that thou hast found it so quickly, my son? And he said, Because the LORD thy God brought it to me.	
Genesis 27:23	And he discerned him not, because his hands were hairy, as his brother Esau's hands: so he blessed him.	
Genesis 27:3	Now therefore take, I pray thee, thy weapons, thy quiver and thy bow, and go out to the field, and take me some venison;	
Genesis 27:30	And it came to pass, as soon as Isaac had made an end of blessing Jacob, and Jacob was yet scarce gone out from the presence of Isaac his father, that Esau his brother came in from his hunting.	
Genesis 27:37	And Isaac answered and said unto Esau, Behold, I have made him thy lord, and all his brethren have I given to him for servants; and with corn and wine have I sustained him: and what shall I do now unto thee, my son?	
Genesis 27:45	Until thy brother's anger turn away from thee, and he forget that which thou hast done to him: then I will send, and fetch thee from thence: why should I be deprived also of you both in one day?	
Genesis 27:6	And Rebekah spake unto Jacob her son, saying, Behold, I heard thy father speak unto Esau thy brother, saying,	
Genesis 27:7	Bring me venison, and make me savory meat, that I may eat, and bless thee before the LORD before my death.	
Genesis 28:1	And Isaac called Jacob, and blessed him, and charged him, and said unto him, Thou shalt not take a wife of the daughters of Canaan.	
Genesis 28:13	And, behold, the LORD stood above it, and said, I am the LORD God of Abraham thy father, and the God of Isaac: the land whereon thou liest, to thee will I give it, and to thy seed;	
Genesis 28:3	And God Almighty bless thee, and make thee fruitful, and multiply thee, that thou mayest be a multitude of people;	
Genesis 29:10	And it came to pass, when Jacob saw Rachel the daughter of Laban his mother's brother, and the sheep of Laban his mother's brother, that Jacob went near, and rolled the stone from the well's mouth, and watered the flock of Laban his mother's brother.	
Genesis 29:12	And Jacob told Rachel that he was her father's brother, and that he was Rebekah's son: and she ran and told her father.	
Genesis 29:14	And Laban said to him, Surely thou art my bone and my flesh. And he abode with him the space of a month.	
Genesis 29:2	And he looked, and behold a well in the field, and, lo, there were three flocks of sheep lying by it; for out of that well they watered the flocks: and a great stone was upon the well's mouth.	
Genesis 29:22	And Laban gathered together all the men of the place, and made a feast.	
Genesis 29:32	And Leah conceived, and bare a son, and she called his name Reuben: for she said, Surely the LORD hath looked upon my affliction; now therefore my husband will love me.	
Genesis 29:4	And Jacob said unto them, My brethren, whence be ye? And they said, Of Haran are we.	
Genesis 29:8	And they said, We cannot, until all the flocks be gathered together, and till they roll the stone from the well's mouth; then we water the sheep.	
Genesis 2:1	Thus the heavens and the earth were finished, and all the host of them.	
Genesis 2:13	And the name of the second river is Gihon: the same is it that compasseth the whole land of Ethiopia.	
Genesis 2:15	And the LORD God took the man, and put him into the garden of Eden to dress it and to keep it.	
Genesis 2:18	And the LORD God said, It is not good that the man should be alone; I will make him an help meet for him.	
Genesis 2:20	And Adam gave names to all cattle, and to the fowl of the air, and to every beast of the field; but for Adam there was not found an help meet for him.	
Genesis 2:21	And the LORD God caused a deep sleep to fall upon Adam, and he slept: and he took one of his ribs, and closed up the flesh instead thereof;	
Genesis 2:23	And Adam said, This is now bone of my bones, and flesh of my flesh: she shall be called Woman, because she was taken out of Man.	
Genesis 30:1	And when Rachel saw that she bare Jacob no children, Rachel envied her sister; and said unto Jacob, Give me children, or else I die.	
Genesis 30:11	And Leah said, A troop cometh: and she called his name Gad.	
Genesis 30:18	And Leah said, God hath given me my hire, because I have given my maiden to my husband: and she called his name Issachar.	
Genesis 30:28	And he said, Appoint me thy wages, and I will give it.	
Genesis 30:30	For it was little which thou hadst before I came, and it is now increased unto a multitude; and the LORD hath blessed thee since my coming: and now when shall I provide for mine own house also?	
Genesis 30:32	I will pass through all thy flock to day, removing from thence all the speckled and spotted cattle, and all the brown cattle among the sheep, and the spotted and speckled among the goats: and of such shall be my hire.	
Genesis 31:1	And he heard the words of Laban's sons, saying, Jacob hath taken away all that was our father's; and of that which was our father's hath he gotten all this glory.	
Genesis 31:16	For all the riches which God hath taken from our father, that is ours, and our children's: now then, whatsoever God hath said unto thee, do.	
Genesis 31:17	Then Jacob rose up, and set his sons and his wives upon camels;	
Genesis 31:21	So he fled with all that he had; and he rose up, and passed over the river, and set his face toward the mount Gilead.	
Genesis 31:22	And it was told Laban on the third day that Jacob was fled.	
Genesis 31:29	It is in the power of my hand to do you hurt: but the God of your father spake unto me yesternight, saying, Take thou heed that thou speak not to Jacob either good or bad.	
Genesis 31:3	And the LORD said unto Jacob, Return unto the land of thy fathers, and to thy kindred; and I will be with thee.	
Genesis 31:33	And Laban went into Jacob's tent, and into Leah's tent, and into the two maidservants' tents; but he found them not. Then went he out of Leah's tent, and entered into Rachel's tent.	
Genesis 31:34	Now Rachel had taken the images, and put them in the camel's furniture, and sat upon them. And Laban searched all the tent, but found them not.	
Genesis 31:37	Whereas thou hast searched all my stuff, what hast thou found of all thy household stuff? set it here before my brethren and thy brethren, that they may judge betwixt us both.	
Genesis 31:40	Thus I was; in the day the drought consumed me, and the frost by night; and my sleep departed from mine eyes.	
Genesis 31:45	And Jacob took a stone, and set it up for a pillar.	
Genesis 32:20	And say ye moreover, Behold, thy servant Jacob is behind us. For he said, I will appease him with the present that goeth before me, and afterward I will see his face; peradventure he will accept of me.	
Genesis 32:21	So went the present over before him: and himself lodged that night in the company.	
Genesis 32:4	And he commanded them, saying, Thus shall ye speak unto my lord Esau; Thy servant Jacob saith thus, I have sojourned with Laban, and stayed there until now:	
Genesis 32:7	Then Jacob was greatly afraid and distressed: and he divided the people that was with him, and the flocks, and herds, and the camels, into two bands;	
Genesis 33:12	And he said, Let us take our journey, and let us go, and I will go before thee.	
Genesis 33:14	Let my lord, I pray thee, pass over before his servant: and I will lead on softly, according as the cattle that goeth before me and the children be able to endure, until I come unto my lord unto Seir.	
Genesis 33:5	And he lifted up his eyes, and saw the women and the children; and said, Who are those with thee? And he said, The children which God hath graciously given thy servant.	
Genesis 34:13	And the sons of Jacob answered Shechem and Hamor his father deceitfully, and said, because he had defiled Dinah their sister:	
Genesis 34:15	But in this will we consent unto you: If ye will be as we be, that every male of you be circumcised;	
Genesis 34:17	But if ye will not hearken unto us, to be circumcised; then will we take our daughter, and we will be gone.	
Genesis 34:21	These men are peaceable with us; therefore let them dwell in the land, and trade therein; for the land, behold, it is large enough for them; let us take their daughters to us for wives, and let us give them our daughters.	
Genesis 34:25	And it came to pass on the third day, when they were sore, that two of the sons of Jacob, Simeon and Levi, Dinah's brethren, took each man his sword, and came upon the city boldly, and slew all the males.	
Genesis 34:27	The sons of Jacob came upon the slain, and spoiled the city, because they had defiled their sister.	
Genesis 34:28	They took their sheep, and their oxen, and their asses, and that which was in the city, and that which was in the field,	
Genesis 34:31	And they said, Should he deal with our sister as with an harlot?	
Genesis 34:5	And Jacob heard that he had defiled Dinah his daughter: now his sons were with his cattle in the field: and Jacob held his peace until they were come.	
Genesis 35:10	And God said unto him, Thy name is Jacob: thy name shall not be called any more Jacob, but Israel shall be thy name: and he called his name Israel.	
Genesis 35:11	And God said unto him, I am God Almighty: be fruitful and multiply; a nation and a company of nations shall be of thee, and kings shall come out of thy loins;	
Genesis 35:12	And the land which I gave Abraham and Isaac, to thee I will give it, and to thy seed after thee will I give the land.	
Genesis 35:17	And it came to pass, when she was in hard labor, that the midwife said unto her, Fear not; thou shalt have this son also.	
Genesis 35:18	And it came to pass, as her soul was in departing, (for she died) that she called his name Benoni: but his father called him Benjamin.	
Genesis 35:23	The sons of Leah; Reuben, Jacob's firstborn, and Simeon, and Levi, and Judah, and Issachar, and Zebulun:	
Genesis 35:26	And the sons of Zilpah, Leah's handmaid: Gad, and Asher: these are the sons of Jacob, which were born to him in Padanaram.	
Genesis 35:4	And they gave unto Jacob all the strange gods which were in their hand, and all their earrings which were in their ears; and Jacob hid them under the oak which was by Shechem.	
Genesis 35:5	And they journeyed: and the terror of God was upon the cities that were round about them, and they did not pursue after the sons of Jacob.	
Genesis 36:1	Now these are the generations of Esau, who is Edom.	
Genesis 36:13	And these are the sons of Reuel; Nahath, and Zerah, Shammah, and Mizzah: these were the sons of Bashemath Esau's wife.	
Genesis 36:17	And these are the sons of Reuel Esau's son; duke Nahath, duke Zerah, duke Shammah, duke Mizzah: these are the dukes that came of Reuel in the land of Edom; these are the sons of Bashemath Esau's wife.	
Genesis 36:22	And the children of Lotan were Hori and Hemam; and Lotan's sister was Timna.	
Genesis 36:28	The children of Dishan are these; Uz, and Aran.	
Genesis 36:3	And Bashemath Ishmael's daughter, sister of Nebajoth.	
Genesis 36:31	And these are the kings that reigned in the land of Edom, before there reigned any king over the children of Israel.	
Genesis 36:42	Duke Kenaz, duke Teman, duke Mibzar,	
Genesis 36:6	And Esau took his wives, and his sons, and his daughters, and all the persons of his house, and his cattle, and all his beasts, and all his substance, which he had got in the land of Canaan; and went into the country from the face of his brother Jacob.	
Genesis 36:8	Thus dwelt Esau in mount Seir: Esau is Edom.	
Genesis 36:9	And these are the generations of Esau the father of the Edomites in mount Seir:	
Genesis 37:23	And it came to pass, when Joseph was come unto his brethren, that they stripped Joseph out of his coat, his coat of many colors that was on him;	
Genesis 37:27	Come, and let us sell him to the Ishmaelites, and let not our hand be upon him; for he is our brother and our flesh. And his brethren were content.	
Genesis 37:3	Now Israel loved Joseph more than all his children, because he was the son of his old age: and he made him a coat of many colors.	
Genesis 37:33	And he knew it, and said, It is my son's coat; an evil beast hath devoured him; Joseph is without doubt rent in pieces.	
Genesis 37:35	And all his sons and all his daughters rose up to comfort him; but he refused to be comforted; and he said, For I will go down into the grave unto my son mourning. Thus his father wept for him.	
Genesis 37:36	And the Midianites sold him into Egypt unto Potiphar, an officer of Pharaoh's, and captain of the guard.	
Genesis 37:4	And when his brethren saw that their father loved him more than all his brethren, they hated him, and could not speak peaceably unto him.	
Genesis 37:8	And his brethren said to him, Shalt thou indeed reign over us? or shalt thou indeed have dominion over us? And they hated him yet the more for his dreams, and for his words.	
Genesis 37:9	And he dreamed yet another dream, and told it his brethren, and said, Behold, I have dreamed a dream more; and, behold, the sun and the moon and the eleven stars made obeisance to me.	
Genesis 38:10	And the thing which he did displeased the LORD: wherefore he slew him also.	
Genesis 38:2	And Judah saw there a daughter of a certain Canaanite, whose name was Shuah; and he took her, and went in unto her.	
Genesis 38:20	And Judah sent the kid by the hand of his friend the Adullamite, to receive his pledge from the woman's hand: but he found her not.	
Genesis 38:21	Then he asked the men of that place, saying, Where is the harlot, that was openly by the way side? And they said, There was no harlot in this place.	
Genesis 38:23	And Judah said, Let her take it to her, lest we be shamed: behold, I sent this kid, and thou hast not found her.	
Genesis 38:28	And it came to pass, when she travailed, that the one put out his hand: and the midwife took and bound upon his hand a scarlet thread, saying, This came out first.	
Genesis 38:3	And she conceived, and bare a son; and he called his name Er.	
Genesis 38:6	And Judah took a wife for Er his firstborn, whose name was Tamar.	
Genesis 38:9	And Onan knew that the seed should not be his; and it came to pass, when he went in unto his brother's wife, that he spilled it on the ground, lest that he should give seed to his brother.	
Genesis 39:21	But the LORD was with Joseph, and showed him mercy, and gave him favor in the sight of the keeper of the prison.	
Genesis 39:4	And Joseph found grace in his sight, and he served him: and he made him overseer over his house, and all that he had he put into his hand.	
Genesis 39:9	There is none greater in this house than I; neither hath he kept back any thing from me but thee, because thou art his wife: how then can I do this great wickedness, and sin against God?	
Genesis 3:10	And he said, I heard thy voice in the garden, and I was afraid, because I was naked; and I hid myself.	
Genesis 3:11	And he said, Who told thee that thou wast naked? Hast thou eaten of the tree, whereof I commanded thee that thou shouldest not eat?	
Genesis 3:12	And the man said, The woman whom thou gavest to be with me, she gave me of the tree, and I did eat.	
Genesis 3:13	And the LORD God said unto the woman, What is this that thou hast done? And the woman said, The serpent beguiled me, and I did eat.	
Genesis 3:2	And the woman said unto the serpent, We may eat of the fruit of the trees of the garden:	
Genesis 3:20	And Adam called his wife's name Eve; because she was the mother of all living.	
Genesis 3:21	Unto Adam also and to his wife did the LORD God make coats of skins, and clothed them.	
Genesis 3:23	Therefore the LORD God sent him forth from the garden of Eden, to till the ground from whence he was taken.	
Genesis 3:24	So he drove out the man; and he placed at the east of the garden of Eden Cherubims, and a flaming sword which turned every way, to keep the way of the tree of life.	
Genesis 3:4	And the serpent said unto the woman, Ye shall not surely die:	
Genesis 3:8	And they heard the voice of the LORD God walking in the garden in the cool of the day: and Adam and his wife hid themselves from the presence of the LORD God amongst the trees of the garden.	
Genesis 40:1	And it came to pass after these things, that the butler of the king of Egypt and his baker had offended their lord the king of Egypt.	
Genesis 40:16	When the chief baker saw that the interpretation was good, he said unto Joseph, I also was in my dream, and, behold, I had three white baskets on my head:	
Genesis 40:18	And Joseph answered and said, This is the interpretation thereof: The three baskets are three days:	
Genesis 40:22	But he hanged the chief baker: as Joseph had interpreted to them.	
Genesis 41:10	Pharaoh was wroth with his servants, and put me in ward in the captain of the guard's house, both me and the chief baker:	
Genesis 41:12	And there was there with us a young man, an Hebrew, servant to the captain of the guard; and we told him, and he interpreted to us our dreams; to each man according to his dream he did interpret.	
Genesis 41:13	And it came to pass, as he interpreted to us, so it was; me he restored unto mine office, and him he hanged.	
Genesis 41:15	And Pharaoh said unto Joseph, I have dreamed a dream, and there is none that can interpret it: and I have heard say of thee, that thou canst understand a dream to interpret it.	
Genesis 41:30	And there shall arise after them seven years of famine; and all the plenty shall be forgotten in the land of Egypt; and the famine shall consume the land;	
Genesis 41:32	And for that the dream was doubled unto Pharaoh twice; it is because the thing is established by God, and God will shortly bring it to pass.	
Genesis 41:36	And that food shall be for store to the land against the seven years of famine, which shall be in the land of Egypt; that the land perish not through the famine.	
Genesis 41:38	And Pharaoh said unto his servants, Can we find such a one as this is, a man in whom the Spirit of God is?	
Genesis 41:43	And he made him to ride in the second chariot which he had; and they cried before him, Bow the knee: and he made him ruler over all the land of Egypt.	
Genesis 41:44	And Pharaoh said unto Joseph, I am Pharaoh, and without thee shall no man lift up his hand or foot in all the land of Egypt.	
Genesis 41:46	And Joseph was thirty years old when he stood before Pharaoh king of Egypt. And Joseph went out from the presence of Pharaoh, and went throughout all the land of Egypt.	
Genesis 41:49	And Joseph gathered corn as the sand of the sea, very much, until he left numbering; for it was without number.	
Genesis 41:5	And he slept and dreamed the second time: and, behold, seven ears of corn came up upon one stalk, rank and good.	
Genesis 41:53	And the seven years of plenteousness, that was in the land of Egypt, were ended.	
Genesis 41:54	And the seven years of dearth began to come, according as Joseph had said: and the dearth was in all lands; but in all the land of Egypt there was bread.	
Genesis 41:55	And when all the land of Egypt was famished, the people cried to Pharaoh for bread: and Pharaoh said unto all the Egyptians, Go unto Joseph; what he saith to you, do.	
Genesis 41:9	Then spake the chief butler unto Pharaoh, saying, I do remember my faults this day:	
Genesis 42:10	And they said unto him, Nay, my lord, but to buy food are thy servants come.	
Genesis 42:12	And he said unto them, Nay, but to see the nakedness of the land ye are come.	
Genesis 42:17	And he put them all together into ward three days.	
Genesis 42:18	And Joseph said unto them the third day, This do, and live; for I fear God:	
Genesis 42:19	If ye be true men, let one of your brethren be bound in the house of your prison: go ye, carry corn for the famine of your houses:	
Genesis 42:22	And Reuben answered them, saying, Spake I not unto you, saying, Do not sin against the child; and ye would not hear? therefore, behold, also his blood is required.	
Genesis 42:25	Then Joseph commanded to fill their sacks with corn, and to restore every man's money into his sack, and to give them provision for the way: and thus did he unto them.	
Genesis 42:3	And Joseph's ten brethren went down to buy corn in Egypt.	
Genesis 42:30	The man, who is the lord of the land, spake roughly to us, and took us for spies of the country.	
Genesis 42:35	And it came to pass as they emptied their sacks, that, behold, every man's bundle of money was in his sack: and when both they and their father saw the bundles of money, they were afraid.	
Genesis 42:36	And Jacob their father said unto them, Me have ye bereaved of my children: Joseph is not, and Simeon is not, and ye will take Benjamin away: all these things are against me.	
Genesis 42:5	And the sons of Israel came to buy corn among those that came: for the famine was in the land of Canaan.	
Genesis 42:7	And Joseph saw his brethren, and he knew them, but made himself strange unto them, and spake roughly unto them; and he said unto them, Whence come ye? And they said, From the land of Canaan to buy food.	
Genesis 43:1	And the famine was sore in the land.	
Genesis 43:11	And their father Israel said unto them, If it must be so now, do this; take of the best fruits in the land in your vessels, and carry down the man a present, a little balm, and a little honey, spices, and myrrh, nuts, and almonds:	
Genesis 43:14	And God Almighty give you mercy before the man, that he may send away your other brother, and Benjamin. If I be bereaved of my children, I am bereaved.	
Genesis 43:15	And the men took that present, and they took double money in their hand and Benjamin; and rose up, and went down to Egypt, and stood before Joseph.	
Genesis 43:19	And they came near to the steward of Joseph's house, and they communed with him at the door of the house,	
Genesis 43:20	And said, O sir, we came indeed down at the first time to buy food:	
Genesis 43:25	And they made ready the present against Joseph came at noon: for they heard that they should eat bread there.	
Genesis 44:14	And Judah and his brethren came to Joseph's house; for he was yet there: and they fell before him on the ground.	
Genesis 44:16	And Judah said, What shall we say unto my lord? what shall we speak? or how shall we clear ourselves? God hath found out the iniquity of thy servants: behold, we are my lord's servants, both we, and he also with whom the cup is found.	
Genesis 44:20	And we said unto my lord, We have a father, an old man, and a child of his old age, a little one; and his brother is dead, and he alone is left of his mother, and his father loveth him.	
Genesis 44:8	Behold, the money, which we found in our sacks' mouths, we brought again unto thee out of the land of Canaan: how then should we steal out of thy lord's house silver or gold?	
Genesis 44:9	With whomsoever of thy servants it be found, both let him die, and we also will be my lord's bondmen.	
Genesis 45:11	And there will I nourish thee; for yet there are five years of famine; lest thou, and thy household, and all that thou hast, come to poverty.	
Genesis 45:15	Moreover he kissed all his brethren, and wept upon them: and after that his brethren talked with him.	
Genesis 45:19	Now thou art commanded, this do ye; take you wagons out of the land of Egypt for your little ones, and for your wives, and bring your father, and come.	
Genesis 45:25	And they went up out of Egypt, and came into the land of Canaan unto Jacob their father,	
Genesis 45:3	And Joseph said unto his brethren, I am Joseph; doth my father yet live? And his brethren could not answer him; for they were troubled at his presence.	
Genesis 45:5	Now therefore be not grieved, nor angry with yourselves, that ye sold me hither: for God did send me before you to preserve life.	
Genesis 45:7	And God sent me before you to preserve you a posterity in the earth, and to save your lives by a great deliverance.	
Genesis 46:11	And the sons of Levi; Gershon, Kohath, and Merari.	
Genesis 46:17	And the sons of Asher; Jimnah, and Ishuah, and Isui, and Beriah, and Serah their sister: and the sons of Beriah; Heber, and Malchiel.	
Genesis 46:21	And the sons of Benjamin were Belah, and Becher, and Ashbel, Gera, and Naaman, Ehi, and Rosh, Muppim, and Huppim, and Ard.	
Genesis 46:22	These are the sons of Rachel, which were born to Jacob: all the souls were fourteen.	
Genesis 46:29	And Joseph made ready his chariot, and went up to meet Israel his father, to Goshen, and presented himself unto him; and he fell on his neck, and wept on his neck a good while.	
Genesis 46:30	And Israel said unto Joseph, Now let me die, since I have seen thy face, because thou art yet alive.	
Genesis 46:4	I will go down with thee into Egypt; and I will also surely bring thee up again: and Joseph shall put his hand upon thine eyes.	
Genesis 46:6	And they took their cattle, and their goods, which they had gotten in the land of Canaan, and came into Egypt, Jacob, and all his seed with him:	
Genesis 46:9	And the sons of Reuben; Hanoch, and Phallu, and Hezron, and Carmi.	
Genesis 47:16	And Joseph said, Give your cattle; and I will give you for your cattle, if money fail.	
Genesis 47:17	And they brought their cattle unto Joseph: and Joseph gave them bread in exchange for horses, and for the flocks, and for the cattle of the herds, and for the asses: and he fed them with bread for all their cattle for that year.	
Genesis 47:21	And as for the people, he removed them to cities from one end of the borders of Egypt even to the other end thereof.	
Genesis 47:27	And Israel dwelt in the land of Egypt, in the country of Goshen; and they had possessions therein, and grew, and multiplied exceedingly.	
Genesis 47:5	And Pharaoh spake unto Joseph, saying, Thy father and thy brethren are come unto thee:	
Genesis 48:11	And Israel said unto Joseph, I had not thought to see thy face: and, lo, God hath showed me also thy seed.	
Genesis 48:20	And he blessed them that day, saying, In thee shall Israel bless, saying, God make thee as Ephraim and as Manasseh: and he set Ephraim before Manasseh.	
Genesis 48:3	And Jacob said unto Joseph, God Almighty appeared unto me at Luz in the land of Canaan, and blessed me,	
Genesis 48:4	And said unto me, Behold, I will make thee fruitful, and multiply thee, and I will make of thee a multitude of people; and will give this land to thy seed after thee for an everlasting possession.	
Genesis 48:6	And thy issue, which thou begettest after them, shall be thine, and shall be called after the name of their brethren in their inheritance.	
Genesis 48:8	And Israel beheld Joseph's sons, and said, Who are these?	
Genesis 48:9	And Joseph said unto his father, They are my sons, whom God hath given me in this place. And he said, Bring them, I pray thee, unto me, and I will bless them.	
Genesis 49:1	And Jacob called unto his sons, and said, Gather yourselves together, that I may tell you that which shall befall you in the last days.	
Genesis 49:16	Dan shall judge his people, as one of the tribes of Israel.	
Genesis 49:22	Joseph is a fruitful bough, even a fruitful bough by a well; whose branches run over the wall:	
Genesis 49:26	The blessings of thy father have prevailed above the blessings of my progenitors unto the utmost bound of the everlasting hills: they shall be on the head of Joseph, and on the crown of the head of him that was separate from his brethren.	
Genesis 49:32	The purchase of the field and of the cave that is therein was from the children of Heth.	
Genesis 49:9	Judah is a lion's whelp: from the prey, my son, thou art gone up: he stooped down, he couched as a lion, and as an old lion; who shall rouse him up?	
Genesis 4:2	And she again bare his brother Abel. And Abel was a keeper of sheep, but Cain was a tiller of the ground.	
Genesis 4:6	And the LORD said unto Cain, Why art thou wroth? and why is thy countenance fallen?	
Genesis 4:8	And Cain talked with Abel his brother: and it came to pass, when they were in the field, that Cain rose up against Abel his brother, and slew him.	
Genesis 50:13	For his sons carried him into the land of Canaan, and buried him in the cave of the field of Machpelah, which Abraham bought with the field for a possession of a buryingplace of Ephron the Hittite, before Mamre.	
Genesis 50:16	And they sent a messenger unto Joseph, saying, Thy father did command before he died, saying,	
Genesis 50:17	So shall ye say unto Joseph, Forgive, I pray thee now, the trespass of thy brethren, and their sin; for they did unto thee evil: and now, we pray thee, forgive the trespass of the servants of the God of thy father. And Joseph wept when they spake unto him.	
Genesis 50:21	Now therefore fear ye not: I will nourish you, and your little ones. And he comforted them, and spake kindly unto them.	
Genesis 50:5	My father made me swear, saying, Lo, I die: in my grave which I have digged for me in the land of Canaan, there shalt thou bury me. Now therefore let me go up, I pray thee, and bury my father, and I will come again.	
Genesis 50:6	And Pharaoh said, Go up, and bury thy father, according as he made thee swear.	
Genesis 5:2	Male and female created he them; and blessed them, and called their name Adam, in the day when they were created.	
Genesis 5:20	And all the days of Jared were nine hundred sixty and two years: and he died.	
Genesis 5:23	And all the days of Enoch were three hundred sixty and five years:	
Genesis 5:26	And Methuselah lived after he begat Lamech seven hundred eighty and two years, and begat sons and daughters:	
Genesis 5:8	And all the days of Seth were nine hundred and twelve years: and he died.	
Genesis 5:9	And Enos lived ninety years, and begat Cainan:	
Genesis 6:12	And God looked upon the earth, and, behold, it was corrupt; for all flesh had corrupted his way upon the earth.	
Genesis 6:15	And this is the fashion which thou shalt make it of: The length of the ark shall be three hundred cubits, the breadth of it fifty cubits, and the height of it thirty cubits.	
Genesis 6:22	Thus did Noah; according to all that God commanded him, so did he.	
Genesis 6:5	And God saw that the wickedness of man was great in the earth, and that every imagination of the thoughts of his heart was only evil continually.	
Genesis 7:21	And all flesh died that moved upon the earth, both of fowl, and of cattle, and of beast, and of every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth, and every man:	
Genesis 7:23	And every living substance was destroyed which was upon the face of the ground, both man, and cattle, and the creeping things, and the fowl of the heaven; and they were destroyed from the earth: and Noah only remained alive, and they that were with him in the ark.	
Genesis 7:24	And the waters prevailed upon the earth an hundred and fifty days.	
Genesis 8:1	And God remembered Noah, and every living thing, and all the cattle that was with him in the ark: and God made a wind to pass over the earth, and the waters assuaged;	
Genesis 8:17	Bring forth with thee every living thing that is with thee, of all flesh, both of fowl, and of cattle, and of every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth; that they may breed abundantly in the earth, and be fruitful, and multiply upon the earth.	
Genesis 8:22	While the earth remaineth, seedtime and harvest, and cold and heat, and summer and winter, and day and night shall not cease.	
Genesis 8:8	Also he sent forth a dove from him, to see if the waters were abated from off the face of the ground;	
Genesis 9:14	And it shall come to pass, when I bring a cloud over the earth, that the bow shall be seen in the cloud:	
Genesis 9:17	And God said unto Noah, This is the token of the covenant, which I have established between me and all flesh that is upon the earth.	
Genesis 9:22	And Ham, the father of Canaan, saw the nakedness of his father, and told his two brethren without.	
Genesis 9:3	Every moving thing that liveth shall be meat for you; even as the green herb have I given you all things.	
Genesis 9:7	And you, be ye fruitful, and multiply; bring forth abundantly in the earth, and multiply therein.	
Habakkuk 1:15	They take up all of them with the angle, they catch them in their net, and gather them in their drag: therefore they rejoice and are glad.	
Habakkuk 1:2	O LORD, how long shall I cry, and thou wilt not hear! even cry out unto thee of violence, and thou wilt not save!	
Habakkuk 1:9	They shall come all for violence: their faces shall sup up as the east wind, and they shall gather the captivity as the sand.	
Habakkuk 2:10	Thou hast consulted shame to thy house by cutting off many people, and hast sinned against thy soul.	
Habakkuk 2:13	Behold, is it not of the LORD of hosts that the people shall labour in the very fire, and the people shall weary themselves for very vanity?	
Habakkuk 2:15	Woe unto him that giveth his neighbour drink, that puttest thy bottle to him, and makest him drunken also, that thou mayest look on their nakedness!	
Habakkuk 2:20	But the LORD is in his holy temple: let all the earth keep silence before him.	
Habakkuk 2:4	Behold, his soul which is lifted up is not upright in him: but the just shall live by his faith.	
Habakkuk 2:6	Shall not all these take up a parable against him, and a taunting proverb against him, and say, Woe to him that increaseth that which is not his! how long? and to him that ladeth himself with thick clay!	
Habakkuk 2:8	Because thou hast spoiled many nations, all the remnant of the people shall spoil thee; because of men's blood, and for the violence of the land, of the city, and of all that dwell therein.	
Habakkuk 3:17	Although the fig tree shall not blossom, neither shall fruit be in the vines; the labour of the olive shall fail, and the fields shall yield no meat; the flock shall be cut off from the fold, and there shall be no herd in the stalls:	
Habakkuk 3:2	O LORD, I have heard thy speech, and was afraid: O LORD, revive thy work in the midst of the years, in the midst of the years make known; in wrath remember mercy.	
Habakkuk 3:6	He stood, and measured the earth: he beheld, and drove asunder the nations; and the everlasting mountains were scattered, the perpetual hills did bow: his ways are everlasting.	
Habakkuk 3:7	I saw the tents of Cushan in affliction: and the curtains of the land of Midian did tremble.	
Haggai 1:10	Therefore the heaven over you is stayed from dew, and the earth is stayed from her fruit.	
Haggai 1:11	And I called for a drought upon the land, and upon the mountains, and upon the corn, and upon the new wine, and upon the oil, and upon that which the ground bringeth forth, and upon men, and upon cattle, and upon all the labour of the hands.	
Haggai 1:12	Then Zerubbabel the son of Shealtiel, and Joshua the son of Josedech, the high priest, with all the remnant of the people, obeyed the voice of the LORD their God, and the words of Haggai the prophet, as the LORD their God had sent him, and the people did fear before the LORD.	
Haggai 1:13	Then spake Haggai the LORD's messenger in the LORD's message unto the people, saying, I am with you, saith the LORD.	
Haggai 1:15	In the four and twentieth day of the sixth month, in the second year of Darius the king.	
Haggai 1:4	Is it time for you, O ye, to dwell in your cieled houses, and this house lie waste?	
Haggai 1:5	Now therefore thus saith the LORD of hosts; Consider your ways.	
Haggai 1:7	Thus saith the LORD of hosts; Consider your ways.	
Haggai 2:13	Then said Haggai, If one that is unclean by a dead body touch any of these, shall it be unclean? And the priests answered and said, It shall be unclean.	
Haggai 2:14	Then answered Haggai, and said, So is this people, and so is this nation before me, saith the LORD; and so is every work of their hands; and that which they offer there is unclean.	
Haggai 2:15	And now, I pray you, consider from this day and upward, from before a stone was laid upon a stone in the temple of the LORD:	
Haggai 2:2	Speak now to Zerubbabel the son of Shealtiel, governor of Judah, and to Joshua the son of Josedech, the high priest, and to the residue of the people, saying,	
Haggai 2:20	And again the word of the LORD came unto Haggai in the four and twentieth day of the month, saying,	
Haggai 2:22	And I will overthrow the throne of kingdoms, and I will destroy the strength of the kingdoms of the heathen; and I will overthrow the chariots, and those that ride in them; and the horses and their riders shall come down, every one by the sword of his brother.	
Haggai 2:3	Who is left among you that saw this house in her first glory? and how do ye see it now? is it not in your eyes in comparison of it as nothing?	
Hebrews 10:18	Now where remission of these is, there is no more offering for sin.	
Hebrews 10:19	Having therefore, brethren, boldness to enter into the holiest by the blood of Jesus,	
Hebrews 10:20	By a new and living way, which he hath consecrated for us, through the veil, that is to say, his flesh;	
Hebrews 10:23	Let us hold fast the profession of our faith without wavering; (for he is faithful that promised;)	
Hebrews 10:24	And let us consider one another to provoke unto love and to good works:	
Hebrews 10:30	For we know him that hath said, Vengeance belongeth unto me, I will recompense, saith the Lord. And again, The Lord shall judge his people.	
Hebrews 10:33	Partly, whilst ye were made a gazingstock both by reproaches and afflictions; and partly, whilst ye became companions of them that were so used.	
Hebrews 10:34	For ye had compassion of me in my bonds, and took joyfully the spoiling of your goods, knowing in yourselves that ye have in heaven a better and an enduring substance.	
Hebrews 10:37	For yet a little while, and he that shall come will come, and will not tarry.	
Hebrews 10:4	For it is not possible that the blood of bulls and of goats should take away sins.	
Hebrews 10:6	In burnt offerings and sacrifices for sin thou hast had no pleasure.	
Hebrews 11:15	And truly, if they had been mindful of that country from whence they came out, they might have had opportunity to have returned.	
Hebrews 11:18	Of whom it was said, That in Isaac shall thy seed be called:	
Hebrews 11:22	By faith Joseph, when he died, made mention of the departing of the children of Israel; and gave commandment concerning his bones.	
Hebrews 11:27	By faith he forsook Egypt, not fearing the wrath of the king: for he endured, as seeing him who is invisible.	
Hebrews 11:30	By faith the walls of Jericho fell down, after they were compassed about seven days.	
Hebrews 11:32	And what shall I more say? for the time would fail me to tell of Gedeon, and of Barak, and of Samson, and of Jephthae; of David also, and Samuel, and of the prophets:	
Hebrews 11:37	They were stoned, they were sawn asunder, were tempted, were slain with the sword: they wandered about in sheepskins and goatskins; being destitute, afflicted, tormented;	
Hebrews 11:40	God having provided some better thing for us, that they without us should not be made perfect.	
Hebrews 11:7	By faith Noah, being warned of God of things not seen as yet, moved with fear, prepared an ark to the saving of his house; by the which he condemned the world, and became heir of the righteousness which is by faith.	
Hebrews 12:10	For they verily for a few days chastened us after their own pleasure; but he for our profit, that we might be partakers of his holiness.	
Hebrews 12:13	And make straight paths for your feet, lest that which is lame be turned out of the way; but let it rather be healed.	
Hebrews 12:14	Follow peace with all men, and holiness, without which no man shall see the Lord:	
Hebrews 12:17	For ye know how that afterward, when he would have inherited the blessing, he was rejected: for he found no place of repentance, though he sought it carefully with tears.	
Hebrews 12:18	For ye are not come unto the mount that might be touched, and that burned with fire, nor unto blackness, and darkness, and tempest,	
Hebrews 12:19	And the sound of a trumpet, and the voice of words; which voice they that heard intreated that the word should not be spoken to them any more:	
Hebrews 12:20	(For they could not endure that which was commanded, And if so much as a beast touch the mountain, it shall be stoned, or thrust through with a dart:	
Hebrews 12:7	If ye endure chastening, God dealeth with you as with sons; for what son is he whom the father chasteneth not?	
Hebrews 13:18	Pray for us: for we trust we have a good conscience, in all things willing to live honestly.	
Hebrews 13:22	And I beseech you, brethren, suffer the word of exhortation: for I have written a letter unto you in few words.	
Hebrews 13:25	Grace be with you all. Amen.	
Hebrews 13:6	So that we may boldly say, The Lord is my helper, and I will not fear what man shall do unto me.	
Hebrews 1:3	Who being the brightness of his glory, and the express image of his person, and upholding all things by the word of his power, when he had by himself purged our sins, sat down on the right hand of the Majesty on high:	
Hebrews 1:4	Being made so much better than the angels, as he hath by inheritance obtained a more excellent name than they.	
Hebrews 1:7	And of the angels he saith, Who maketh his angels spirits, and his ministers a flame of fire.	
Hebrews 2:10	For it became him, for whom are all things, and by whom are all things, in bringing many sons unto glory, to make the captain of their salvation perfect through sufferings.	
Hebrews 2:4	God also bearing them witness, both with signs and wonders, and with divers miracles, and gifts of the Holy Ghost, according to his own will?	
Hebrews 2:6	But one in a certain place testified, saying, What is man, that thou art mindful of him? or the son of man that thou visitest him?	
Hebrews 3:10	Wherefore I was grieved with that generation, and said, They do alway err in their heart; and they have not known my ways.	
Hebrews 3:14	For we are made partakers of Christ, if we hold the beginning of our confidence stedfast unto the end;	
Hebrews 3:15	While it is said, To day if ye will hear his voice, harden not your hearts, as in the provocation.	
Hebrews 3:2	Who was faithful to him that appointed him, as also Moses was faithful in all his house.	
Hebrews 3:4	For every house is builded by some man; but he that built all things is God.	
Hebrews 4:11	Let us labour therefore to enter into that rest, lest any man fall after the same example of unbelief.	
Hebrews 4:14	Seeing then that we have a great high priest, that is passed into the heavens, Jesus the Son of God, let us hold fast our profession.	
Hebrews 4:2	For unto us was the gospel preached, as well as unto them: but the word preached did not profit them, not being mixed with faith in them that heard it.	
Hebrews 4:6	Seeing therefore it remaineth that some must enter therein, and they to whom it was first preached entered not in because of unbelief:	
Hebrews 4:9	There remaineth therefore a rest to the people of God.	
Hebrews 5:1	For every high priest taken from among men is ordained for men in things pertaining to God, that he may offer both gifts and sacrifices for sins:	
Hebrews 5:14	But strong meat belongeth to them that are of full age, even those who by reason of use have their senses exercised to discern both good and evil.	
Hebrews 5:3	And by reason hereof he ought, as for the people, so also for himself, to offer for sins.	
Hebrews 5:5	So also Christ glorified not himself to be made an high priest; but he that said unto him, Thou art my Son, to day have I begotten thee.	
Hebrews 5:6	As he saith also in another place, Thou art a priest for ever after the order of Melchisedec.	
Hebrews 5:8	Though he were a Son, yet learned he obedience by the things which he suffered;	
Hebrews 5:9	And being made perfect, he became the author of eternal salvation unto all them that obey him;	
Hebrews 6:1	Therefore leaving the principles of the doctrine of Christ, let us go on unto perfection; not laying again the foundation of repentance from dead works, and of faith toward God,	
Hebrews 6:10	For God is not unrighteous to forget your work and labour of love, which ye have shewed toward his name, in that ye have ministered to the saints, and do minister.	
Hebrews 6:11	And we desire that every one of you do shew the same diligence to the full assurance of hope unto the end:	
Hebrews 6:12	That ye be not slothful, but followers of them who through faith and patience inherit the promises.	
Hebrews 6:16	For men verily swear by the greater: and an oath for confirmation is to them an end of all strife.	
Hebrews 6:18	That by two immutable things, in which it was impossible for God to lie, we might have a strong consolation, who have fled for refuge to lay hold upon the hope set before us:	
Hebrews 6:9	But, beloved, we are persuaded better things of you, and things that accompany salvation, though we thus speak.	
Hebrews 7:10	For he was yet in the loins of his father, when Melchisedec met him.	
Hebrews 7:11	If therefore perfection were by the Levitical priesthood, (for under it the people received the law,) what further need was there that another priest should rise after the order of Melchisedec, and not be called after the order of Aaron?	
Hebrews 7:14	For it is evident that our Lord sprang out of Juda; of which tribe Moses spake nothing concerning priesthood.	
Hebrews 7:2	To whom also Abraham gave a tenth part of all; first being by interpretation King of righteousness, and after that also King of Salem, which is, King of peace;	
Hebrews 7:23	And they truly were many priests, because they were not suffered to continue by reason of death:	
Hebrews 7:27	Who needeth not daily, as those high priests, to offer up sacrifice, first for his own sins, and then for the people's: for this he did once, when he offered up himself.	
Hebrews 7:28	For the law maketh men high priests which have infirmity; but the word of the oath, which was since the law, maketh the Son, who is consecrated for evermore.	
Hebrews 7:3	Without father, without mother, without descent, having neither beginning of days, nor end of life; but made like unto the Son of God; abideth a priest continually.	
Hebrews 7:7	And without all contradiction the less is blessed of the better.	
Hebrews 8:11	And they shall not teach every man his neighbour, and every man his brother, saying, Know the Lord: for all shall know me, from the least to the greatest.	
Hebrews 8:12	For I will be merciful to their unrighteousness, and their sins and their iniquities will I remember no more.	
Hebrews 8:13	In that he saith, A new covenant, he hath made the first old. Now that which decayeth and waxeth old is ready to vanish away.	
Hebrews 8:4	For if he were on earth, he should not be a priest, seeing that there are priests that offer gifts according to the law:	
Hebrews 8:9	Not according to the covenant that I made with their fathers in the day when I took them by the hand to lead them out of the land of Egypt; because they continued not in my covenant, and I regarded them not, saith the Lord.	
Hebrews 9:20	Saying, This is the blood of the testament which God hath enjoined unto you.	
Hebrews 9:23	It was therefore necessary that the patterns of things in the heavens should be purified with these; but the heavenly things themselves with better sacrifices than these.	
Hebrews 9:24	For Christ is not entered into the holy places made with hands, which are the figures of the true; but into heaven itself, now to appear in the presence of God for us:	
Hebrews 9:4	Which had the golden censer, and the ark of the covenant overlaid round about with gold, wherein was the golden pot that had manna, and Aaron's rod that budded, and the tables of the covenant;	
Hebrews 9:9	Which was a figure for the time then present, in which were offered both gifts and sacrifices, that could not make him that did the service perfect, as pertaining to the conscience;	
Hosea 10:10	It is in my desire that I should chastise them; and the people shall be gathered against them, when they shall bind themselves in their two furrows.	
Hosea 10:4	They have spoken words, swearing falsely in making a covenant: thus judgment springeth up as hemlock in the furrows of the field.	
Hosea 11:1	When Israel was a child, then I loved him, and called my son out of Egypt.	
Hosea 11:11	They shall tremble as a bird out of Egypt, and as a dove out of the land of Assyria: and I will place them in their houses, saith the LORD.	
Hosea 11:12	Ephraim compasseth me about with lies, and the house of Israel with deceit: but Judah yet ruleth with God, and is faithful with the saints.	
Hosea 12:10	I have also spoken by the prophets, and I have multiplied visions, and used similitudes, by the ministry of the prophets.	
Hosea 12:3	He took his brother by the heel in the womb, and by his strength he had power with God:	
Hosea 12:4	Yea, he had power over the angel, and prevailed: he wept, and made supplication unto him: he found him in Bethel, and there he spake with us;	
Hosea 12:7	He is a merchant, the balances of deceit are in his hand: he loveth to oppress.	
Hosea 13:3	Therefore they shall be as the morning cloud and as the early dew that passeth away, as the chaff that is driven with the whirlwind out of the floor, and as the smoke out of the chimney.	
Hosea 13:8	I will meet them as a bear that is bereaved of her whelps, and will rend the caul of their heart, and there will I devour them like a lion: the wild beast shall tear them.	
Hosea 14:1	O israel, return unto the LORD thy God; for thou hast fallen by thine iniquity.	
Hosea 14:6	His branches shall spread, and his beauty shall be as the olive tree, and his smell as Lebanon.	
Hosea 14:7	They that dwell under his shadow shall return; they shall revive as the corn, and grow as the vine: the scent thereof shall be as the wine of Lebanon.	
Hosea 1:11	Then shall the children of Judah and the children of Israel be gathered together, and appoint themselves one head, and they shall come up out of the land: for great shall be the day of Jezreel.	
Hosea 1:4	And the LORD said unto him, Call his name Jezreel; for yet a little while, and I will avenge the blood of Jezreel upon the house of Jehu, and will cause to cease the kingdom of the house of Israel.	
Hosea 2:14	Therefore, behold, I will allure her, and bring her into the wilderness, and speak comfortably unto her.	
Hosea 2:22	And the earth shall hear the corn, and the wine, and the oil; and they shall hear Jezreel.	
Hosea 2:23	And I will sow her unto me in the earth; and I will have mercy upon her that had not obtained mercy; and I will say to them which were not my people, Thou art my people; and they shall say, Thou art my God.	
Hosea 2:5	For their mother hath played the harlot: she that conceived them hath done shamefully: for she said, I will go after my lovers, that give me my bread and my water, my wool and my flax, mine oil and my drink.	
Hosea 2:8	For she did not know that I gave her corn, and wine, and oil, and multiplied her silver and gold, which they prepared for Baal.	
Hosea 4:1	Hear the word of the LORD, ye children of Israel: for the LORD hath a controversy with the inhabitants of the land, because there is no truth, nor mercy, nor knowledge of God in the land.	
Hosea 4:10	For they shall eat, and not have enough: they shall commit whoredom, and shall not increase: because they have left off to take heed to the LORD.	
Hosea 4:18	Their drink is sour: they have committed whoredom continually: her rulers with shame do love, Give ye.	
Hosea 4:3	Therefore shall the land mourn, and every one that dwelleth therein shall languish, with the beasts of the field, and with the fowls of heaven; yea, the fishes of the sea also shall be taken away.	
Hosea 4:4	Yet let no man strive, nor reprove another: for thy people are as they that strive with the priest.	
Hosea 5:1	Hear ye this, O priests; and hearken, ye house of Israel; and give ye ear, O house of the king; for judgment is toward you, because ye have been a snare on Mizpah, and a net spread upon Tabor.	
Hosea 5:10	The princes of Judah were like them that remove the bound: therefore I will pour out my wrath upon them like water.	
Hosea 5:11	Ephraim is oppressed and broken in judgment, because he willingly walked after the commandment.	
Hosea 5:2	And the revolters are profound to make slaughter, though I have been a rebuker of them all.	
Hosea 5:8	Blow ye the cornet in Gibeah, and the trumpet in Ramah: cry aloud at Bethaven, after thee, O Benjamin.	
Hosea 6:2	After two days will he revive us: in the third day he will raise us up, and we shall live in his sight.	
Hosea 6:3	Then shall we know, if we follow on to know the LORD: his going forth is prepared as the morning; and he shall come unto us as the rain, as the latter and former rain unto the earth.	
Hosea 6:5	Therefore have I hewed them by the prophets; I have slain them by the words of my mouth: and thy judgments are as the light that goeth forth.	
Hosea 6:6	For I desired mercy, and not sacrifice; and the knowledge of God more than burnt offerings.	
Hosea 6:9	And as troops of robbers wait for a man, so the company of priests murder in the way by consent: for they commit lewdness.	
Hosea 7:12	When they shall go, I will spread my net upon them; I will bring them down as the fowls of the heaven; I will chastise them, as their congregation hath heard.	
Hosea 7:14	And they have not cried unto me with their heart, when they howled upon their beds: they assemble themselves for corn and wine, and they rebel against me.	
Hosea 7:16	They return, but not to the most High: they are like a deceitful bow: their princes shall fall by the sword for the rage of their tongue: this shall be their derision in the land of Egypt.	
Hosea 7:2	And they consider not in their hearts that I remember all their wickedness: now their own doings have beset them about; they are before my face.	
Hosea 7:3	They make the king glad with their wickedness, and the princes with their lies.	
Hosea 7:8	Ephraim, he hath mixed himself among the people; Ephraim is a cake not turned.	
Hosea 8:12	I have written to him the great things of my law, but they were counted as a strange thing.	
Hosea 8:2	Israel shall cry unto me, My God, we know thee.	
Hosea 9:10	I found Israel like grapes in the wilderness; I saw your fathers as the firstripe in the fig tree at her first time: but they went to Baalpeor, and separated themselves unto that shame; and their abominations were according as they loved.	
Hosea 9:12	Though they bring up their children, yet will I bereave them, that there shall not be a man left: yea, woe also to them when I depart from them!	
Isaiah 10:22	For though thy people Israel be as the sand of the sea, yet a remnant of them shall return: the consumption decreed shall overflow with righteousness.	
Isaiah 10:25	For yet a very little while, and the indignation shall cease, and mine anger in their destruction.	
Isaiah 10:26	And the LORD of hosts shall stir up a scourge for him according to the slaughter of Midian at the rock of Oreb: and as his rod was upon the sea, so shall he lift it up after the manner of Egypt.	
Isaiah 10:3	And what will ye do in the day of visitation, and in the desolation which shall come from far? to whom will ye flee for help? and where will ye leave your glory?	
Isaiah 10:9	Is not Calno as Carchemish? is not Hamath as Arpad? is not Samaria as Damascus?	
Isaiah 11:1	And there shall come forth a rod out of the stem of Jesse, and a Branch shall grow out of his roots:	
Isaiah 11:12	And he shall set up an ensign for the nations, and shall assemble the outcasts of Israel, and gather together the dispersed of Judah from the four corners of the earth.	
Isaiah 11:15	And the LORD shall utterly destroy the tongue of the Egyptian sea; and with his mighty wind shall he shake his hand over the river, and shall smite it in the seven streams, and make men go over dryshod.	
Isaiah 11:16	And there shall be an highway for the remnant of his people, which shall be left, from Assyria; like as it was to Israel in the day that he came up out of the land of Egypt.	
Isaiah 11:4	But with righteousness shall he judge the poor, and reprove with equity for the meek of the earth: and he shall smite the earth: with the rod of his mouth, and with the breath of his lips shall he slay the wicked.	
Isaiah 11:6	The wolf also shall dwell with the lamb, and the leopard shall lie down with the kid; and the calf and the young lion and the fatling together; and a little child shall lead them.	
Isaiah 12:3	Therefore with joy shall ye draw water out of the wells of salvation.	
Isaiah 12:5	Sing unto the LORD; for he hath done excellent things: this is known in all the earth.	
Isaiah 12:6	Cry out and shout, thou inhabitant of Zion: for great is the Holy One of Israel in the midst of thee.	
Isaiah 13:16	Their children also shall be dashed to pieces before their eyes; their houses shall be spoiled, and their wives ravished.	
Isaiah 13:18	Their bows also shall dash the young men to pieces; and they shall have no pity on the fruit of the womb; their eyes shall not spare children.	
Isaiah 13:20	It shall never be inhabited, neither shall it be dwelt in from generation to generation: neither shall the Arabian pitch tent there; neither shall the shepherds make their fold there.	
Isaiah 14:1	For the LORD will have mercy on Jacob, and will yet choose Israel, and set them in their own land: and the strangers shall be joined with them, and they shall cleave to the house of Jacob.	
Isaiah 14:17	That made the world as a wilderness, and destroyed the cities thereof; that opened not the house of his prisoners?	
Isaiah 14:20	Thou shalt not be joined with them in burial, because thou hast destroyed thy land, and slain thy people: the seed of evildoers shall never be renowned.	
Isaiah 14:23	I will also make it a possession for the bittern, and pools of water: and I will sweep it with the besom of destruction, saith the LORD of hosts.	
Isaiah 14:27	For the LORD of hosts hath purposed, and who shall disannul it? and his hand is stretched out, and who shall turn it back?	
Isaiah 14:31	Howl, O gate; cry, O city; thou, whole Palestina, art dissolved: for there shall come from the north a smoke, and none shall be alone in his appointed times.	
Isaiah 14:6	He who smote the people in wrath with a continual stroke, he that ruled the nations in anger, is persecuted, and none hindereth.	
Isaiah 15:8	For the cry is gone round about the borders of Moab; the howling thereof unto Eglaim, and the howling thereof unto Beerelim.	
Isaiah 16:12	And it shall come to pass, when it is seen that Moab is weary on the high place, that he shall come to his sanctuary to pray; but he shall not prevail.	
Isaiah 16:3	Take counsel, execute judgment; make thy shadow as the night in the midst of the noonday; hide the outcasts; bewray not him that wandereth.	
Isaiah 17:1	The burden of Damascus. Behold, Damascus is taken away from being a city, and it shall be a ruinous heap.	
Isaiah 17:10	Because thou hast forgotten the God of thy salvation, and hast not been mindful of the rock of thy strength, therefore shalt thou plant pleasant plants, and shalt set it with strange slips:	
Isaiah 17:13	The nations shall rush like the rushing of many waters: but God shall rebuke them, and they shall flee far off, and shall be chased as the chaff of the mountains before the wind, and like a rolling thing before the whirlwind.	
Isaiah 17:2	The cities of Aroer are forsaken: they shall be for flocks, which shall lie down, and none shall make them afraid.	
Isaiah 17:5	And it shall be as when the harvestman gathereth the corn, and reapeth the ears with his arm; and it shall be as he that gathereth ears in the valley of Rephaim.	
Isaiah 17:6	Yet gleaning grapes shall be left in it, as the shaking of an olive tree, two or three berries in the top of the uppermost bough, four or five in the outmost fruitful branches thereof, saith the LORD God of Israel.	
Isaiah 17:7	At that day shall a man look to his Maker, and his eyes shall have respect to the Holy One of Israel.	
Isaiah 17:8	And he shall not look to the altars, the work of his hands, neither shall respect that which his fingers have made, either the groves, or the images.	
Isaiah 17:9	In that day shall his strong cities be as a forsaken bough, and an uppermost branch, which they left because of the children of Israel: and there shall be desolation.	
Isaiah 18:1	Woe to the land shadowing with wings, which is beyond the rivers of Ethiopia:	
Isaiah 18:4	For so the LORD said unto me, I will take my rest, and I will consider in my dwelling place like a clear heat upon herbs, and like a cloud of dew in the heat of harvest.	
Isaiah 18:6	They shall be left together unto the fowls of the mountains, and to the beasts of the earth: and the fowls shall summer upon them, and all the beasts of the earth shall winter upon them.	
Isaiah 19:12	Where are they? where are thy wise men? and let them tell thee now, and let them know what the LORD of hosts hath purposed upon Egypt.	
Isaiah 19:2	And I will set the Egyptians against the Egyptians: and they shall fight every one against his brother, and every one against his neighbour; city against city, and kingdom against kingdom.	
Isaiah 19:20	And it shall be for a sign and for a witness unto the LORD of hosts in the land of Egypt: for they shall cry unto the LORD because of the oppressors, and he shall send them a saviour, and a great one, and he shall deliver them.	
Isaiah 19:23	In that day shall there be a highway out of Egypt to Assyria, and the Assyrian shall come into Egypt, and the Egyptian into Assyria, and the Egyptians shall serve with the Assyrians.	
Isaiah 19:5	And the waters shall fail from the sea, and the river shall be wasted and dried up.	
Isaiah 1:12	When ye come to appear before me, who hath required this at your hand, to tread my courts?	
Isaiah 1:18	Come now, and let us reason together, saith the LORD: though your sins be as scarlet, they shall be as white as snow; though they be red like crimson, they shall be as wool.	
Isaiah 1:2	Hear, O heavens, and give ear, O earth: for the LORD hath spoken, I have nourished and brought up children, and they have rebelled against me.	
Isaiah 1:21	How is the faithful city become an harlot! it was full of judgment; righteousness lodged in it; but now murderers.	
Isaiah 1:24	Therefore saith the LORD, the LORD of hosts, the mighty One of Israel, Ah, I will ease me of mine adversaries, and avenge me of mine enemies:	
Isaiah 1:25	And I will turn my hand upon thee, and purely purge away thy dross, and take away all thy tin:	
Isaiah 1:29	For they shall be ashamed of the oaks which ye have desired, and ye shall be confounded for the gardens that ye have chosen.	
Isaiah 1:3	The ox knoweth his owner, and the ass his master's crib: but Israel doth not know, my people doth not consider.	
Isaiah 1:8	And the daughter of Zion is left as a cottage in a vineyard, as a lodge in a garden of cucumbers, as a besieged city.	
Isaiah 20:4	So shall the king of Assyria lead away the Egyptians prisoners, and the Ethiopians captives, young and old, naked and barefoot, even with their buttocks uncovered, to the shame of Egypt.	
Isaiah 21:1	The burden of the desert of the sea. As whirlwinds in the south pass through; so it cometh from the desert, from a terrible land.	
Isaiah 21:12	The watchman said, The morning cometh, and also the night: if ye will enquire, enquire ye: return, come.	
Isaiah 21:14	The inhabitants of the land of Tema brought water to him that was thirsty, they prevented with their bread him that fled.	
Isaiah 21:4	My heart panted, fearfulness affrighted me: the night of my pleasure hath he turned into fear unto me.	
Isaiah 21:8	And he cried, A lion: My lord, I stand continually upon the watchtower in the daytime, and I am set in my ward whole nights:	
Isaiah 22:14	And it was revealed in mine ears by the LORD of hosts, Surely this iniquity shall not be purged from you till ye die, saith the Lord GOD of hosts.	
Isaiah 22:16	What hast thou here? and whom hast thou here, that thou hast hewed thee out a sepulchre here, as he that heweth him out a sepulchre on high, and that graveth an habitation for himself in a rock?	
Isaiah 22:19	And I will drive thee from thy station, and from thy state shall he pull thee down.	
Isaiah 22:22	And the key of the house of David will I lay upon his shoulder; so he shall open, and none shall shut; and he shall shut, and none shall open.	
Isaiah 22:5	For it is a day of trouble, and of treading down, and of perplexity by the Lord GOD of hosts in the valley of vision, breaking down the walls, and of crying to the mountains.	
Isaiah 22:9	Ye have seen also the breaches of the city of David, that they are many: and ye gathered together the waters of the lower pool.	
Isaiah 23:4	Be thou ashamed, O Zidon: for the sea hath spoken, even the strength of the sea, saying, I travail not, nor bring forth children, neither do I nourish up young men, nor bring up virgins.	
Isaiah 23:6	Pass ye over to Tarshish; howl, ye inhabitants of the isle.	
Isaiah 24:11	There is a crying for wine in the streets; all joy is darkened, the mirth of the land is gone.	
Isaiah 24:12	In the city is left desolation, and the gate is smitten with destruction.	
Isaiah 24:16	From the uttermost part of the earth have we heard songs, even glory to the righteous. But I said, My leanness, my leanness, woe unto me! the treacherous dealers have dealt treacherously; yea, the treacherous dealers have dealt very treacherously.	
Isaiah 24:20	The earth shall reel to and fro like a drunkard, and shall be removed like a cottage; and the transgression thereof shall be heavy upon it; and it shall fall, and not rise again.	
Isaiah 24:23	Then the moon shall be confounded, and the sun ashamed, when the LORD of hosts shall reign in mount Zion, and in Jerusalem, and before his ancients gloriously.	
Isaiah 24:4	The earth mourneth and fadeth away, the world languisheth and fadeth away, the haughty people of the earth do languish.	
Isaiah 24:7	The new wine mourneth, the vine languisheth, all the merryhearted do sigh.	
Isaiah 25:3	Therefore shall the strong people glorify thee, the city of the terrible nations shall fear thee.	
Isaiah 26:15	Thou hast increased the nation, O LORD, thou hast increased the nation: thou art glorified: thou hadst removed it far unto all the ends of the earth.	
Isaiah 26:17	Like as a woman with child, that draweth near the time of her delivery, is in pain, and crieth out in her pangs; so have we been in thy sight, O LORD.	
Isaiah 26:21	For, behold, the LORD cometh out of his place to punish the inhabitants of the earth for their iniquity: the earth also shall disclose her blood, and shall no more cover her slain.	
Isaiah 27:10	Yet the defenced city shall be desolate, and the habitation forsaken, and left like a wilderness: there shall the calf feed, and there shall he lie down, and consume the branches thereof.	
Isaiah 27:13	And it shall come to pass in that day, that the great trumpet shall be blown, and they shall come which were ready to perish in the land of Assyria, and the outcasts in the land of Egypt, and shall worship the LORD in the holy mount at Jerusalem.	
Isaiah 27:4	Fury is not in me: who would set the briers and thorns against me in battle? I would go through them, I would burn them together.	
Isaiah 28:1	Woe to the crown of pride, to the drunkards of Ephraim, whose glorious beauty is a fading flower, which are on the head of the fat valleys of them that are overcome with wine!	
Isaiah 28:13	But the word of the LORD was unto them precept upon precept, precept upon precept; line upon line, line upon line; here a little, and there a little; that they might go, and fall backward, and be broken, and snared, and taken.	
Isaiah 28:15	Because ye have said, We have made a covenant with death, and with hell are we at agreement; when the overflowing scourge shall pass through, it shall not come unto us: for we have made lies our refuge, and under falsehood have we hid ourselves:	
Isaiah 28:21	For the LORD shall rise up as in mount Perazim, he shall be wroth as in the valley of Gibeon, that he may do his work, his strange work; and bring to pass his act, his strange act.	
Isaiah 28:28	Bread corn is bruised; because he will not ever be threshing it, nor break it with the wheel of his cart, nor bruise it with his horsemen.	
Isaiah 28:8	For all tables are full of vomit and filthiness, so that there is no place clean.	
Isaiah 29:21	That make a man an offender for a word, and lay a snare for him that reproveth in the gate, and turn aside the just for a thing of nought.	
Isaiah 29:22	Therefore thus saith the LORD, who redeemed Abraham, concerning the house of Jacob, Jacob shall not now be ashamed, neither shall his face now wax pale.	
Isaiah 29:23	But when he seeth his children, the work of mine hands, in the midst of him, they shall sanctify my name, and sanctify the Holy One of Jacob, and shall fear the God of Israel.	
Isaiah 29:5	Moreover the multitude of thy strangers shall be like small dust, and the multitude of the terrible ones shall be as chaff that passeth away: yea, it shall be at an instant suddenly.	
Isaiah 29:6	Thou shalt be visited of the LORD of hosts with thunder, and with earthquake, and great noise, with storm and tempest, and the flame of devouring fire.	
Isaiah 2:11	The lofty looks of man shall be humbled, and the haughtiness of men shall be bowed down, and the LORD alone shall be exalted in that day.	
Isaiah 2:21	To go into the clefts of the rocks, and into the tops of the ragged rocks, for fear of the LORD, and for the glory of his majesty, when he ariseth to shake terribly the earth.	
Isaiah 2:5	O house of Jacob, come ye, and let us walk in the light of the LORD.	
Isaiah 2:8	Their land also is full of idols; they worship the work of their own hands, that which their own fingers have made:	
Isaiah 2:9	And the mean man boweth down, and the great man humbleth himself: therefore forgive them not.	
Isaiah 30:12	Wherefore thus saith the Holy One of Israel, Because ye despise this word, and trust in oppression and perverseness, and stay thereon:	
Isaiah 30:17	One thousand shall flee at the rebuke of one; at the rebuke of five shall ye flee: till ye be left as a beacon upon the top of a mountain, and as an ensign on an hill.	
Isaiah 30:19	For the people shall dwell in Zion at Jerusalem: thou shalt weep no more: he will be very gracious unto thee at the voice of thy cry; when he shall hear it, he will answer thee.	
Isaiah 30:21	And thine ears shall hear a word behind thee, saying, This is the way, walk ye in it, when ye turn to the right hand, and when ye turn to the left.	
Isaiah 30:26	Moreover the light of the moon shall be as the light of the sun, and the light of the sun shall be sevenfold, as the light of seven days, in the day that the LORD bindeth up the breach of his people, and healeth the stroke of their wound.	
Isaiah 30:29	Ye shall have a song, as in the night when a holy solemnity is kept; and gladness of heart, as when one goeth with a pipe to come into the mountain of the LORD, to the mighty One of Israel.	
Isaiah 30:9	That this is a rebellious people, lying children, children that will not hear the law of the LORD:	
Isaiah 31:4	For thus hath the LORD spoken unto me, Like as the lion and the young lion roaring on his prey, when a multitude of shepherds is called forth against him, he will not be afraid of their voice, nor abase himself for the noise of them: so shall the LORD of hosts come down to fight for mount Zion, and for the hill thereof.	
Isaiah 31:5	As birds flying, so will the LORD of hosts defend Jerusalem; defending also he will deliver it; and passing over he will preserve it.	
Isaiah 32:10	Many days and years shall ye be troubled, ye careless women: for the vintage shall fail, the gathering shall not come.	
Isaiah 32:14	Because the palaces shall be forsaken; the multitude of the city shall be left; the forts and towers shall be for dens for ever, a joy of wild asses, a pasture of flocks;	
Isaiah 32:18	And my people shall dwell in a peaceable habitation, and in sure dwellings, and in quiet resting places;	
Isaiah 32:2	And a man shall be as an hiding place from the wind, and a covert from the tempest; as rivers of water in a dry place, as the shadow of a great rock in a weary land.	
Isaiah 32:3	And the eyes of them that see shall not be dim, and the ears of them that hear shall hearken.	
Isaiah 32:5	The vile person shall be no more called liberal, nor the churl said to be bountiful.	
Isaiah 32:8	But the liberal deviseth liberal things; and by liberal things shall he stand.	
Isaiah 33:10	Now will I rise, saith the LORD; now will I be exalted; now will I lift up myself.	
Isaiah 33:12	And the people shall be as the burnings of lime: as thorns cut up shall they be burned in the fire.	
Isaiah 33:13	Hear, ye that are far off, what I have done; and, ye that are near, acknowledge my might.	
Isaiah 33:24	And the inhabitant shall not say, I am sick: the people that dwell therein shall be forgiven their iniquity.	
Isaiah 34:14	The wild beasts of the desert shall also meet with the wild beasts of the island, and the satyr shall cry to his fellow; the screech owl also shall rest there, and find for herself a place of rest.	
Isaiah 34:16	Seek ye out of the book of the LORD, and read: no one of these shall fail, none shall want her mate: for my mouth it hath commanded, and his spirit it hath gathered them.	
Isaiah 35:5	Then the eyes of the blind shall be opened, and the ears of the deaf shall be unstopped.	
Isaiah 35:7	And the parched ground shall become a pool, and the thirsty land springs of water: in the habitation of dragons, where each lay, shall be grass with reeds and rushes.	
Isaiah 35:8	And an highway shall be there, and a way, and it shall be called The way of holiness; the unclean shall not pass over it; but it shall be for those: the wayfaring men, though fools, shall not err therein.	
Isaiah 35:9	No lion shall be there, nor any ravenous beast shall go up thereon, it shall not be found there; but the redeemed shall walk there:	
Isaiah 36:10	And am I now come up without the LORD against this land to destroy it? the LORD said unto me, Go up against this land, and destroy it.	
Isaiah 36:13	Then Rabshakeh stood, and cried with a loud voice in the Jews' language, and said, Hear ye the words of the great king, the king of Assyria.	
Isaiah 36:2	And the king of Assyria sent Rabshakeh from Lachish to Jerusalem unto king Hezekiah with a great army. And he stood by the conduit of the upper pool in the highway of the fuller's field.	
Isaiah 36:9	How then wilt thou turn away the face of one captain of the least of my master's servants, and put thy trust on Egypt for chariots and for horsemen?	
Isaiah 37:10	Thus shall ye speak to Hezekiah king of Judah, saying, Let not thy God, in whom thou trustest, deceive thee, saying, Jerusalem shall not be given into the hand of the king of Assyria.	
Isaiah 37:11	Behold, thou hast heard what the kings of Assyria have done to all lands by destroying them utterly; and shalt thou be delivered?	
Isaiah 37:12	Have the gods of the nations delivered them which my fathers have destroyed, as Gozan, and Haran, and Rezeph, and the children of Eden which were in Telassar?	
Isaiah 37:13	Where is the king of Hamath, and the king of Arphad, and the king of the city of Sepharvaim, Hena, and Ivah?	
Isaiah 37:15	And Hezekiah prayed unto the LORD, saying,	
Isaiah 37:19	And have cast their gods into the fire: for they were no gods, but the work of men's hands, wood and stone: therefore they have destroyed them.	
Isaiah 37:21	Then Isaiah the son of Amoz sent unto Hezekiah, saying, Thus saith the LORD God of Israel, Whereas thou hast prayed to me against Sennacherib king of Assyria:	
Isaiah 37:26	Hast thou not heard long ago, how I have done it; and of ancient times, that I have formed it? now have I brought it to pass, that thou shouldest be to lay waste defenced cities into ruinous heaps.	
Isaiah 37:3	And they said unto him, Thus saith Hezekiah, This day is a day of trouble, and of rebuke, and of blasphemy: for the children are come to the birth, and there is not strength to bring forth.	
Isaiah 37:30	And this shall be a sign unto thee, Ye shall eat this year such as groweth of itself; and the second year that which springeth of the same: and in the third year sow ye, and reap, and plant vineyards, and eat the fruit thereof.	
Isaiah 37:32	For out of Jerusalem shall go forth a remnant, and they that escape out of mount Zion: the zeal of the LORD of hosts shall do this.	
Isaiah 37:6	And Isaiah said unto them, Thus shall ye say unto your master, Thus saith the LORD, Be not afraid of the words that thou hast heard, wherewith the servants of the king of Assyria have blasphemed me.	
Isaiah 37:7	Behold, I will send a blast upon him, and he shall hear a rumour, and return to his own land; and I will cause him to fall by the sword in his own land.	
Isaiah 38:13	I reckoned till morning, that, as a lion, so will he break all my bones: from day even to night wilt thou make an end of me.	
Isaiah 38:2	Then Hezekiah turned his face toward the wall, and prayed unto the LORD,	
Isaiah 38:21	For Isaiah had said, Let them take a lump of figs, and lay it for a plaister upon the boil, and he shall recover.	
Isaiah 38:3	And said, Remember now, O LORD, I beseech thee, how I have walked before thee in truth and with a perfect heart, and have done that which is good in thy sight. And Hezekiah wept sore.	
Isaiah 38:5	Go, and say to Hezekiah, Thus saith the LORD, the God of David thy father, I have heard thy prayer, I have seen thy tears: behold, I will add unto thy days fifteen years.	
Isaiah 38:7	And this shall be a sign unto thee from the LORD, that the LORD will do this thing that he hath spoken;	
Isaiah 38:8	Behold, I will bring again the shadow of the degrees, which is gone down in the sun dial of Ahaz, ten degrees backward. So the sun returned ten degrees, by which degrees it was gone down.	
Isaiah 38:9	The writing of Hezekiah king of Judah, when he had been sick, and was recovered of his sickness:	
Isaiah 39:4	Then said he, What have they seen in thine house? And Hezekiah answered, All that is in mine house have they seen: there is nothing among my treasures that I have not shewed them.	
Isaiah 39:5	Then said Isaiah to Hezekiah, Hear the word of the LORD of hosts:	
Isaiah 3:1	For, behold, the Lord, the LORD of hosts, doth take away from Jerusalem and from Judah the stay and the staff, the whole stay of bread, and the whole stay of water.	
Isaiah 3:11	Woe unto the wicked! it shall be ill with him: for the reward of his hands shall be given him.	
Isaiah 3:15	What mean ye that ye beat my people to pieces, and grind the faces of the poor? saith the Lord GOD of hosts.	
Isaiah 3:21	The rings, and nose jewels,	
Isaiah 3:22	The changeable suits of apparel, and the mantles, and the wimples, and the crisping pins,	
Isaiah 3:24	And it shall come to pass, that instead of sweet smell there shall be stink; and instead of a girdle a rent; and instead of well set hair baldness; and instead of a stomacher a girding of sackcloth; and burning instead of beauty.	
Isaiah 3:3	The captain of fifty, and the honourable man, and the counsellor, and the cunning artificer, and the eloquent orator.	
Isaiah 3:8	For Jerusalem is ruined, and Judah is fallen: because their tongue and their doings are against the LORD, to provoke the eyes of his glory.	
Isaiah 40:1	Comfort ye, comfort ye my people, saith your God.	
Isaiah 40:12	Who hath measured the waters in the hollow of his hand, and meted out heaven with the span, and comprehended the dust of the earth in a measure, and weighed the mountains in scales, and the hills in a balance?	
Isaiah 40:16	And Lebanon is not sufficient to burn, nor the beasts thereof sufficient for a burnt offering.	
Isaiah 40:19	The workman melteth a graven image, and the goldsmith spreadeth it over with gold, and casteth silver chains.	
Isaiah 40:23	That bringeth the princes to nothing; he maketh the judges of the earth as vanity.	
Isaiah 40:27	Why sayest thou, O Jacob, and speakest, O Israel, My way is hid from the LORD, and my judgment is passed over from my God?	
Isaiah 40:29	He giveth power to the faint; and to them that have no might he increaseth strength.	
Isaiah 40:30	Even the youths shall faint and be weary, and the young men shall utterly fall:	
Isaiah 41:10	Fear thou not; for I am with thee: be not dismayed; for I am thy God: I will strengthen thee; yea, I will help thee; yea, I will uphold thee with the right hand of my righteousness.	
Isaiah 41:14	Fear not, thou worm Jacob, and ye men of Israel; I will help thee, saith the LORD, and thy redeemer, the Holy One of Israel.	
Isaiah 41:16	Thou shalt fan them, and the wind shall carry them away, and the whirlwind shall scatter them: and thou shalt rejoice in the LORD, and shalt glory in the Holy One of Israel.	
Isaiah 41:19	I will plant in the wilderness the cedar, the shittah tree, and the myrtle, and the oil tree; I will set in the desert the fir tree, and the pine, and the box tree together:	
Isaiah 41:23	Shew the things that are to come hereafter, that we may know that ye are gods: yea, do good, or do evil, that we may be dismayed, and behold it together.	
Isaiah 41:27	The first shall say to Zion, Behold, behold them: and I will give to Jerusalem one that bringeth good tidings.	
Isaiah 41:29	Behold, they are all vanity; their works are nothing: their molten images are wind and confusion.	
Isaiah 41:4	Who hath wrought and done it, calling the generations from the beginning? I the LORD, the first, and with the last; I am he.	
Isaiah 41:5	The isles saw it, and feared; the ends of the earth were afraid, drew near, and came.	
Isaiah 41:8	But thou, Israel, art my servant, Jacob whom I have chosen, the seed of Abraham my friend.	
Isaiah 41:9	Thou whom I have taken from the ends of the earth, and called thee from the chief men thereof, and said unto thee, Thou art my servant; I have chosen thee, and not cast thee away.	
Isaiah 42:16	And I will bring the blind by a way that they knew not; I will lead them in paths that they have not known: I will make darkness light before them, and crooked things straight. These things will I do unto them, and not forsake them.	
Isaiah 42:18	Hear, ye deaf; and look, ye blind, that ye may see.	
Isaiah 42:2	He shall not cry, nor lift up, nor cause his voice to be heard in the street.	
Isaiah 42:22	But this is a people robbed and spoiled; they are all of them snared in holes, and they are hid in prison houses: they are for a prey, and none delivereth; for a spoil, and none saith, Restore.	
Isaiah 42:24	Who gave Jacob for a spoil, and Israel to the robbers? did not the LORD, he against whom we have sinned? for they would not walk in his ways, neither were they obedient unto his law.	
Isaiah 42:5	Thus saith God the LORD, he that created the heavens, and stretched them out; he that spread forth the earth, and that which cometh out of it; he that giveth breath unto the people upon it, and spirit to them that walk therein:	
Isaiah 42:6	I the LORD have called thee in righteousness, and will hold thine hand, and will keep thee, and give thee for a covenant of the people, for a light of the Gentiles;	
Isaiah 43:10	Ye are my witnesses, saith the LORD, and my servant whom I have chosen: that ye may know and believe me, and understand that I am he: before me there was no God formed, neither shall there be after me.	
Isaiah 43:22	But thou hast not called upon me, O Jacob; but thou hast been weary of me, O Israel.	
Isaiah 43:27	Thy first father hath sinned, and thy teachers have transgressed against me.	
Isaiah 43:3	For I am the LORD thy God, the Holy One of Israel, thy Saviour: I gave Egypt for thy ransom, Ethiopia and Seba for thee.	
Isaiah 43:4	Since thou wast precious in my sight, thou hast been honourable, and I have loved thee: therefore will I give men for thee, and people for thy life.	
Isaiah 44:1	Yet now hear, O Jacob my servant; and Israel, whom I have chosen:	
Isaiah 44:11	Behold, all his fellows shall be ashamed: and the workmen, they are of men: let them all be gathered together, let them stand up; yet they shall fear, and they shall be ashamed together.	
Isaiah 44:13	The carpenter stretcheth out his rule; he marketh it out with a line; he fitteth it with planes, and he marketh it out with the compass, and maketh it after the figure of a man, according to the beauty of a man; that it may remain in the house.	
Isaiah 44:16	He burneth part thereof in the fire; with part thereof he eateth flesh; he roasteth roast, and is satisfied: yea, he warmeth himself, and saith, Aha, I am warm, I have seen the fire:	
Isaiah 44:20	He feedeth on ashes: a deceived heart hath turned him aside, that he cannot deliver his soul, nor say, Is there not a lie in my right hand?	
Isaiah 44:4	And they shall spring up as among the grass, as willows by the water courses.	
Isaiah 44:9	They that make a graven image are all of them vanity; and their delectable things shall not profit; and they are their own witnesses; they see not, nor know; that they may be ashamed.	
Isaiah 45:19	I have not spoken in secret, in a dark place of the earth: I said not unto the seed of Jacob, Seek ye me in vain: I the LORD speak righteousness, I declare things that are right.	
Isaiah 45:6	That they may know from the rising of the sun, and from the west, that there is none beside me. I am the LORD, and there is none else.	
Isaiah 45:8	Drop down, ye heavens, from above, and let the skies pour down righteousness: let the earth open, and let them bring forth salvation, and let righteousness spring up together; I the LORD have created it.	
Isaiah 46:10	Declaring the end from the beginning, and from ancient times the things that are not yet done, saying, My counsel shall stand, and I will do all my pleasure:	
Isaiah 46:12	Hearken unto me, ye stouthearted, that are far from righteousness:	
Isaiah 46:5	To whom will ye liken me, and make me equal, and compare me, that we may be like?	
Isaiah 46:7	They bear him upon the shoulder, they carry him, and set him in his place, and he standeth; from his place shall he not remove: yea, one shall cry unto him, yet can he not answer, nor save him out of his trouble.	
Isaiah 47:3	Thy nakedness shall be uncovered, yea, thy shame shall be seen: I will take vengeance, and I will not meet thee as a man.	
Isaiah 47:4	As for our redeemer, the LORD of hosts is his name, the Holy One of Israel.	
Isaiah 47:5	Sit thou silent, and get thee into darkness, O daughter of the Chaldeans: for thou shalt no more be called, The lady of kingdoms.	
Isaiah 47:9	But these two things shall come to thee in a moment in one day, the loss of children, and widowhood: they shall come upon thee in their perfection for the multitude of thy sorceries, and for the great abundance of thine enchantments.	
Isaiah 48:16	Come ye near unto me, hear ye this; I have not spoken in secret from the beginning; from the time that it was, there am I: and now the Lord GOD, and his Spirit, hath sent me.	
Isaiah 48:2	For they call themselves of the holy city, and stay themselves upon the God of Israel; The LORD of hosts is his name.	
Isaiah 48:22	There is no peace, saith the LORD, unto the wicked.	
Isaiah 48:3	I have declared the former things from the beginning; and they went forth out of my mouth, and I shewed them; I did them suddenly, and they came to pass.	
Isaiah 48:5	I have even from the beginning declared it to thee; before it came to pass I shewed it thee: lest thou shouldest say, Mine idol hath done them, and my graven image, and my molten image, hath commanded them.	
Isaiah 48:6	Thou hast heard, see all this; and will not ye declare it? I have shewed thee new things from this time, even hidden things, and thou didst not know them.	
Isaiah 48:7	They are created now, and not from the beginning; even before the day when thou heardest them not; lest thou shouldest say, Behold, I knew them.	
Isaiah 48:8	Yea, thou heardest not; yea, thou knewest not; yea, from that time that thine ear was not opened: for I knew that thou wouldest deal very treacherously, and wast called a transgressor from the womb.	
Isaiah 49:19	For thy waste and thy desolate places, and the land of thy destruction, shall even now be too narrow by reason of the inhabitants, and they that swallowed thee up shall be far away.	
Isaiah 49:2	And he hath made my mouth like a sharp sword; in the shadow of his hand hath he hid me, and made me a polished shaft; in his quiver hath he hid me;	
Isaiah 49:21	Then shalt thou say in thine heart, Who hath begotten me these, seeing I have lost my children, and am desolate, a captive, and removing to and fro? and who hath brought up these? Behold, I was left alone; these, where had they been?	
Isaiah 49:4	Then I said, I have laboured in vain, I have spent my strength for nought, and in vain: yet surely my judgment is with the LORD, and my work with my God.	
Isaiah 4:1	And in that day seven women shall take hold of one man, saying, We will eat our own bread, and wear our own apparel: only let us be called by thy name, to take away our reproach.	
Isaiah 4:2	In that day shall the branch of the LORD be beautiful and glorious, and the fruit of the earth shall be excellent and comely for them that are escaped of Israel.	
Isaiah 50:4	The Lord GOD hath given me the tongue of the learned, that I should know how to speak a word in season to him that is weary: he wakeneth morning by morning, he wakeneth mine ear to hear as the learned.	
Isaiah 50:7	For the Lord GOD will help me; therefore shall I not be confounded: therefore have I set my face like a flint, and I know that I shall not be ashamed.	
Isaiah 51:10	Art thou not it which hath dried the sea, the waters of the great deep; that hath made the depths of the sea a way for the ransomed to pass over?	
Isaiah 51:14	The captive exile hasteneth that he may be loosed, and that he should not die in the pit, nor that his bread should fail.	
Isaiah 51:16	And I have put my words in thy mouth, and I have covered thee in the shadow of mine hand, that I may plant the heavens, and lay the foundations of the earth, and say unto Zion, Thou art my people.	
Isaiah 51:17	Awake, awake, stand up, O Jerusalem, which hast drunk at the hand of the LORD the cup of his fury; thou hast drunken the dregs of the cup of trembling, and wrung them out.	
Isaiah 51:20	Thy sons have fainted, they lie at the head of all the streets, as a wild bull in a net: they are full of the fury of the LORD, the rebuke of thy God.	
Isaiah 51:21	Therefore hear now this, thou afflicted, and drunken, but not with wine:	
Isaiah 51:22	Thus saith thy Lord the LORD, and thy God that pleadeth the cause of his people, Behold, I have taken out of thine hand the cup of trembling, even the dregs of the cup of my fury; thou shalt no more drink it again:	
Isaiah 51:3	For the LORD shall comfort Zion: he will comfort all her waste places; and he will make her wilderness like Eden, and her desert like the garden of the LORD; joy and gladness shall be found therein, thanksgiving, and the voice of melody.	
Isaiah 51:6	Lift up your eyes to the heavens, and look upon the earth beneath: for the heavens shall vanish away like smoke, and the earth shall wax old like a garment, and they that dwell therein shall die in like manner: but my salvation shall be for ever, and my righteousness shall not be abolished.	
Isaiah 51:7	Hearken unto me, ye that know righteousness, the people in whose heart is my law; fear ye not the reproach of men, neither be ye afraid of their revilings.	
Isaiah 52:12	For ye shall not go out with haste, nor go by flight: for the LORD will go before you; and the God of Israel will be your rereward.	
Isaiah 52:13	Behold, my servant shall deal prudently, he shall be exalted and extolled, and be very high.	
Isaiah 52:6	Therefore my people shall know my name: therefore they shall know in that day that I am he that doth speak: behold, it is I.	
Isaiah 52:8	Thy watchmen shall lift up the voice; with the voice together shall they sing: for they shall see eye to eye, when the LORD shall bring again Zion.	
Isaiah 53:3	He is despised and rejected of men; a man of sorrows, and acquainted with grief: and we hid as it were our faces from him; he was despised, and we esteemed him not.	
Isaiah 54:12	And I will make thy windows of agates, and thy gates of carbuncles, and all thy borders of pleasant stones.	
Isaiah 54:13	And all thy children shall be taught of the LORD; and great shall be the peace of thy children.	
Isaiah 54:15	Behold, they shall surely gather together, but not by me: whosoever shall gather together against thee shall fall for thy sake.	
Isaiah 54:17	No weapon that is formed against thee shall prosper; and every tongue that shall rise against thee in judgment thou shalt condemn. This is the heritage of the servants of the LORD, and their righteousness is of me, saith the LORD.	
Isaiah 55:12	For ye shall go out with joy, and be led forth with peace: the mountains and the hills shall break forth before you into singing, and all the trees of the field shall clap their hands.	
Isaiah 55:13	Instead of the thorn shall come up the fir tree, and instead of the brier shall come up the myrtle tree: and it shall be to the LORD for a name, for an everlasting sign that shall not be cut off.	
Isaiah 55:3	Incline your ear, and come unto me: hear, and your soul shall live; and I will make an everlasting covenant with you, even the sure mercies of David.	
Isaiah 55:4	Behold, I have given him for a witness to the people, a leader and commander to the people.	
Isaiah 55:5	Behold, thou shalt call a nation that thou knowest not, and nations that knew not thee shall run unto thee because of the LORD thy God, and for the Holy One of Israel; for he hath glorified thee.	
Isaiah 55:6	Seek ye the LORD while he may be found, call ye upon him while he is near:	
Isaiah 55:7	Let the wicked forsake his way, and the unrighteous man his thoughts: and let him return unto the LORD, and he will have mercy upon him; and to our God, for he will abundantly pardon.	
Isaiah 56:1	Thus saith the LORD, Keep ye judgment, and do justice: for my salvation is near to come, and my righteousness to be revealed.	
Isaiah 56:11	Yea, they are greedy dogs which can never have enough, and they are shepherds that cannot understand: they all look to their own way, every one for his gain, from his quarter.	
Isaiah 56:9	All ye beasts of the field, come to devour, yea, all ye beasts in the forest.	
Isaiah 57:14	And shall say, Cast ye up, cast ye up, prepare the way, take up the stumblingblock out of the way of my people.	
Isaiah 57:16	For I will not contend for ever, neither will I be always wroth: for the spirit should fail before me, and the souls which I have made.	
Isaiah 57:19	I create the fruit of the lips; Peace, peace to him that is far off, and to him that is near, saith the LORD; and I will heal him.	
Isaiah 57:20	But the wicked are like the troubled sea, when it cannot rest, whose waters cast up mire and dirt.	
Isaiah 57:21	There is no peace, saith my God, to the wicked.	
Isaiah 57:5	Enflaming yourselves with idols under every green tree, slaying the children in the valleys under the clifts of the rocks?	
Isaiah 57:6	Among the smooth stones of the stream is thy portion; they, they are thy lot: even to them hast thou poured a drink offering, thou hast offered a meat offering. Should I receive comfort in these?	
Isaiah 58:14	Then shalt thou delight thyself in the LORD; and I will cause thee to ride upon the high places of the earth, and feed thee with the heritage of Jacob thy father: for the mouth of the LORD hath spoken it.	
Isaiah 58:9	Then shalt thou call, and the LORD shall answer; thou shalt cry, and he shall say, Here I am. If thou take away from the midst of thee the yoke, the putting forth of the finger, and speaking vanity;	
Isaiah 59:10	We grope for the wall like the blind, and we grope as if we had no eyes: we stumble at noon day as in the night; we are in desolate places as dead men.	
Isaiah 59:11	We roar all like bears, and mourn sore like doves: we look for judgment, but there is none; for salvation, but it is far off from us.	
Isaiah 59:13	In transgressing and lying against the LORD, and departing away from our God, speaking oppression and revolt, conceiving and uttering from the heart words of falsehood.	
Isaiah 59:16	And he saw that there was no man, and wondered that there was no intercessor: therefore his arm brought salvation unto him; and his righteousness, it sustained him.	
Isaiah 59:17	For he put on righteousness as a breastplate, and an helmet of salvation upon his head; and he put on the garments of vengeance for clothing, and was clad with zeal as a cloak.	
Isaiah 59:18	According to their deeds, accordingly he will repay, fury to his adversaries, recompence to his enemies; to the islands he will repay recompence.	
Isaiah 59:20	And the Redeemer shall come to Zion, and unto them that turn from transgression in Jacob, saith the LORD.	
Isaiah 59:3	For your hands are defiled with blood, and your fingers with iniquity; your lips have spoken lies, your tongue hath muttered perverseness.	
Isaiah 59:8	The way of peace they know not; and there is no judgment in their goings: they have made them crooked paths: whosoever goeth therein shall not know peace.	
Isaiah 59:9	Therefore is judgment far from us, neither doth justice overtake us: we wait for light, but behold obscurity; for brightness, but we walk in darkness.	
Isaiah 5:1	Now will I sing to my wellbeloved a song of my beloved touching his vineyard. My wellbeloved hath a vineyard in a very fruitful hill:	
Isaiah 5:15	And the mean man shall be brought down, and the mighty man shall be humbled, and the eyes of the lofty shall be humbled:	
Isaiah 5:17	Then shall the lambs feed after their manner, and the waste places of the fat ones shall strangers eat.	
Isaiah 5:23	Which justify the wicked for reward, and take away the righteousness of the righteous from him!	
Isaiah 5:27	None shall be weary nor stumble among them; none shall slumber nor sleep; neither shall the girdle of their loins be loosed, nor the latchet of their shoes be broken:	
Isaiah 5:4	What could have been done more to my vineyard, that I have not done in it? wherefore, when I looked that it should bring forth grapes, brought it forth wild grapes?	
Isaiah 60:10	And the sons of strangers shall build up thy walls, and their kings shall minister unto thee: for in my wrath I smote thee, but in my favour have I had mercy on thee.	
Isaiah 60:11	Therefore thy gates shall be open continually; they shall not be shut day nor night; that men may bring unto thee the forces of the Gentiles, and that their kings may be brought.	
Isaiah 60:18	Violence shall no more be heard in thy land, wasting nor destruction within thy borders; but thou shalt call thy walls Salvation, and thy gates Praise.	
Isaiah 60:19	The sun shall be no more thy light by day; neither for brightness shall the moon give light unto thee: but the LORD shall be unto thee an everlasting light, and thy God thy glory.	
Isaiah 60:2	For, behold, the darkness shall cover the earth, and gross darkness the people: but the LORD shall arise upon thee, and his glory shall be seen upon thee.	
Isaiah 60:3	And the Gentiles shall come to thy light, and kings to the brightness of thy rising.	
Isaiah 61:1	The Spirit of the Lord GOD is upon me; because the LORD hath anointed me to preach good tidings unto the meek; he hath sent me to bind up the brokenhearted, to proclaim liberty to the captives, and the opening of the prison to them that are bound;	
Isaiah 61:10	I will greatly rejoice in the LORD, my soul shall be joyful in my God; for he hath clothed me with the garments of salvation, he hath covered me with the robe of righteousness, as a bridegroom decketh himself with ornaments, and as a bride adorneth herself with her jewels.	
Isaiah 61:3	To appoint unto them that mourn in Zion, to give unto them beauty for ashes, the oil of joy for mourning, the garment of praise for the spirit of heaviness; that they might be called trees of righteousness, the planting of the LORD, that he might be glorified.	
Isaiah 61:7	For your shame ye shall have double; and for confusion they shall rejoice in their portion: therefore in their land they shall possess the double: everlasting joy shall be unto them.	
Isaiah 63:1	Who is this that cometh from Edom, with dyed garments from Bozrah? this that is glorious in his apparel, travelling in the greatness of his strength? I that speak in righteousness, mighty to save.	
Isaiah 63:14	As a beast goeth down into the valley, the Spirit of the LORD caused him to rest: so didst thou lead thy people, to make thyself a glorious name.	
Isaiah 63:16	Doubtless thou art our father, though Abraham be ignorant of us, and Israel acknowledge us not: thou, O LORD, art our father, our redeemer; thy name is from everlasting.	
Isaiah 63:18	The people of thy holiness have possessed it but a little while: our adversaries have trodden down thy sanctuary.	
Isaiah 64:11	Our holy and our beautiful house, where our fathers praised thee, is burned up with fire: and all our pleasant things are laid waste.	
Isaiah 64:3	When thou didst terrible things which we looked not for, thou camest down, the mountains flowed down at thy presence.	
Isaiah 64:4	For since the beginning of the world men have not heard, nor perceived by the ear, neither hath the eye seen, O God, beside thee, what he hath prepared for him that waiteth for him.	
Isaiah 65:11	But ye are they that forsake the LORD, that forget my holy mountain, that prepare a table for that troop, and that furnish the drink offering unto that number.	
Isaiah 65:16	That he who blesseth himself in the earth shall bless himself in the God of truth; and he that sweareth in the earth shall swear by the God of truth; because the former troubles are forgotten, and because they are hid from mine eyes.	
Isaiah 65:19	And I will rejoice in Jerusalem, and joy in my people: and the voice of weeping shall be no more heard in her, nor the voice of crying.	
Isaiah 65:22	They shall not build, and another inhabit; they shall not plant, and another eat: for as the days of a tree are the days of my people, and mine elect shall long enjoy the work of their hands.	
Isaiah 65:25	The wolf and the lamb shall feed together, and the lion shall eat straw like the bullock: and dust shall be the serpent's meat. They shall not hurt nor destroy in all my holy mountain, saith the LORD.	
Isaiah 66:10	Rejoice ye with Jerusalem, and be glad with her, all ye that love her: rejoice for joy with her, all ye that mourn for her:	
Isaiah 66:11	That ye may suck, and be satisfied with the breasts of her consolations; that ye may milk out, and be delighted with the abundance of her glory.	
Isaiah 66:13	As one whom his mother comforteth, so will I comfort you; and ye shall be comforted in Jerusalem.	
Isaiah 66:20	And they shall bring all your brethren for an offering unto the LORD out of all nations upon horses, and in chariots, and in litters, and upon mules, and upon swift beasts, to my holy mountain Jerusalem, saith the LORD, as the children of Israel bring an offering in a clean vessel into the house of the LORD.	
Isaiah 66:24	And they shall go forth, and look upon the carcases of the men that have transgressed against me: for their worm shall not die, neither shall their fire be quenched; and they shall be an abhorring unto all flesh.	
Isaiah 66:7	Before she travailed, she brought forth; before her pain came, she was delivered of a man child.	
Isaiah 66:8	Who hath heard such a thing? who hath seen such things? Shall the earth be made to bring forth in one day? or shall a nation be born at once? for as soon as Zion travailed, she brought forth her children.	
Isaiah 66:9	Shall I bring to the birth, and not cause to bring forth? saith the LORD: shall I cause to bring forth, and shut the womb? saith thy God.	
Isaiah 6:1	In the year that king Uzziah died I saw also the LORD sitting upon a throne, high and lifted up, and his train filled the temple.	
Isaiah 6:11	Then said I, Lord, how long? And he answered, Until the cities be wasted without inhabitant, and the houses without man, and the land be utterly desolate,	
Isaiah 6:6	Then flew one of the seraphims unto me, having a live coal in his hand, which he had taken with the tongs from off the altar:	
Isaiah 6:7	And he laid it upon my mouth, and said, Lo, this hath touched thy lips; and thine iniquity is taken away, and thy sin purged.	
Isaiah 7:1	And it came to pass in the days of Ahaz the son of Jotham, the son of Uzziah, king of Judah, that Rezin the king of Syria, and Pekah the son of Remaliah, king of Israel, went up toward Jerusalem to war against it, but could not prevail against it.	
Isaiah 7:11	Ask thee a sign of the LORD thy God; ask it either in the depth, or in the height above.	
Isaiah 7:13	And he said, Hear ye now, O house of David; Is it a small thing for you to weary men, but will ye weary my God also?	
Isaiah 7:16	For before the child shall know to refuse the evil, and choose the good, the land that thou abhorrest shall be forsaken of both her kings.	
Isaiah 7:17	The LORD shall bring upon thee, and upon thy people, and upon thy father's house, days that have not come, from the day that Ephraim departed from Judah; even the king of Assyria.	
Isaiah 7:19	And they shall come, and shall rest all of them in the desolate valleys, and in the holes of the rocks, and upon all thorns, and upon all bushes.	
Isaiah 7:2	And it was told the house of David, saying, Syria is confederate with Ephraim. And his heart was moved, and the heart of his people, as the trees of the wood are moved with the wind.	
Isaiah 7:20	In the same day shall the Lord shave with a razor that is hired, namely, by them beyond the river, by the king of Assyria, the head, and the hair of the feet: and it shall also consume the beard.	
Isaiah 7:22	And it shall come to pass, for the abundance of milk that they shall give he shall eat butter: for butter and honey shall every one eat that is left in the land.	
Isaiah 7:24	With arrows and with bows shall men come thither; because all the land shall become briers and thorns.	
Isaiah 7:25	And on all hills that shall be digged with the mattock, there shall not come thither the fear of briers and thorns: but it shall be for the sending forth of oxen, and for the treading of lesser cattle.	
Isaiah 7:6	Let us go up against Judah, and vex it, and let us make a breach therein for us, and set a king in the midst of it, even the son of Tabeal:	
Isaiah 8:11	For the LORD spake thus to me with a strong hand, and instructed me that I should not walk in the way of this people, saying,	
Isaiah 8:16	Bind up the testimony, seal the law among my disciples.	
Isaiah 8:18	Behold, I and the children whom the LORD hath given me are for signs and for wonders in Israel from the LORD of hosts, which dwelleth in mount Zion.	
Isaiah 8:3	And I went unto the prophetess; and she conceived, and bare a son. Then said the LORD to me, Call his name Mahershalalhashbaz.	
Isaiah 8:7	Now therefore, behold, the Lord bringeth up upon them the waters of the river, strong and many, even the king of Assyria, and all his glory: and he shall come up over all his channels, and go over all his banks:	
Isaiah 9:13	For the people turneth not unto him that smiteth them, neither do they seek the LORD of hosts.	
Isaiah 9:14	Therefore the LORD will cut off from Israel head and tail, branch and rush, in one day.	
Isaiah 9:3	Thou hast multiplied the nation, and not increased the joy: they joy before thee according to the joy in harvest, and as men rejoice when they divide the spoil.	
Isaiah 9:7	Of the increase of his government and peace there shall be no end, upon the throne of David, and upon his kingdom, to order it, and to establish it with judgment and with justice from henceforth even for ever. The zeal of the LORD of hosts will perform this.	
Isaiah 9:9	And all the people shall know, even Ephraim and the inhabitant of Samaria, that say in the pride and stoutness of heart,	
James 1:11	For the sun is no sooner risen with a burning heat, but it withereth the grass, and the flower thereof falleth, and the grace of the fashion of it perisheth: so also shall the rich man fade away in his ways.	
James 1:18	Of his own will begat he us with the word of truth, that we should be a kind of firstfruits of his creatures.	
James 1:27	Pure religion and undefiled before God and the Father is this, To visit the fatherless and widows in their affliction, and to keep himself unspotted from the world.	
James 1:3	Knowing this, that the trying of your faith worketh patience.	
James 1:5	If any of you lack wisdom, let him ask of God, that giveth to all men liberally, and upbraideth not; and it shall be given him.	
James 2:1	My brethren, have not the faith of our Lord Jesus Christ, the Lord of glory, with respect of persons.	
James 2:11	For he that said, Do not commit adultery, said also, Do not kill. Now if thou commit no adultery, yet if thou kill, thou art become a transgressor of the law.	
James 2:14	What doth it profit, my brethren, though a man say he hath faith, and have not works? can faith save him?	
James 2:20	But wilt thou know, O vain man, that faith without works is dead?	
James 2:21	Was not Abraham our father justified by works, when he had offered Isaac his son upon the altar?	
James 2:23	And the scripture was fulfilled which saith, Abraham believed God, and it was imputed unto him for righteousness: and he was called the Friend of God.	
James 2:26	For as the body without the spirit is dead, so faith without works is dead also.	
James 2:5	Hearken, my beloved brethren, Hath not God chosen the poor of this world rich in faith, and heirs of the kingdom which he hath promised to them that love him?	
James 3:16	For where envying and strife is, there is confusion and every evil work.	
James 3:2	For in many things we offend all. If any man offend not in word, the same is a perfect man, and able also to bridle the whole body.	
James 3:4	Behold also the ships, which though they be so great, and are driven of fierce winds, yet are they turned about with a very small helm, whithersoever the governor listeth.	
James 4:13	Go to now, ye that say, To day or to morrow we will go into such a city, and continue there a year, and buy and sell, and get gain:	
James 4:16	But now ye rejoice in your boastings: all such rejoicing is evil.	
James 4:2	Ye lust, and have not: ye kill, and desire to have, and cannot obtain: ye fight and war, yet ye have not, because ye ask not.	
James 4:5	Do ye think that the scripture saith in vain, The spirit that dwelleth in us lusteth to envy?	
James 4:7	Submit yourselves therefore to God. Resist the devil, and he will flee from you.	
James 5:10	Take, my brethren, the prophets, who have spoken in the name of the Lord, for an example of suffering affliction, and of patience.	
James 5:11	Behold, we count them happy which endure. Ye have heard of the patience of Job, and have seen the end of the Lord; that the Lord is very pitiful, and of tender mercy.	
James 5:12	But above all things, my brethren, swear not, neither by heaven, neither by the earth, neither by any other oath: but let your yea be yea; and your nay, nay; lest ye fall into condemnation.	
James 5:15	And the prayer of faith shall save the sick, and the Lord shall raise him up; and if he have committed sins, they shall be forgiven him.	
Jeremiah 10:11	Thus shall ye say unto them, The gods that have not made the heavens and the earth, even they shall perish from the earth, and from under these heavens.	
Jeremiah 10:15	They are vanity, and the work of errors: in the time of their visitation they shall perish.	
Jeremiah 10:19	Woe is me for my hurt! my wound is grievous; but I said, Truly this is a grief, and I must bear it.	
Jeremiah 10:21	For the pastors are become brutish, and have not sought the LORD: therefore they shall not prosper, and all their flocks shall be scattered.	
Jeremiah 10:24	O LORD, correct me, but with judgment; not in thine anger, lest thou bring me to nothing.	
Jeremiah 10:7	Who would not fear thee, O King of nations? for to thee doth it appertain: forasmuch as among all the wise men of the nations, and in all their kingdoms, there is none like unto thee.	
Jeremiah 11:10	They are turned back to the iniquities of their forefathers, which refused to hear my words; and they went after other gods to serve them: the house of Israel and the house of Judah have broken my covenant which I made with their fathers.	
Jeremiah 11:13	For according to the number of thy cities were thy gods, O Judah; and according to the number of the streets of Jerusalem have ye set up altars to that shameful thing, even altars to burn incense unto Baal.	
Jeremiah 11:18	And the LORD hath given me knowledge of it, and I know it: then thou shewedst me their doings.	
Jeremiah 11:4	Which I commanded your fathers in the day that I brought them forth out of the land of Egypt, from the iron furnace, saying, Obey my voice, and do them, according to all which I command you: so shall ye be my people, and I will be your God:	
Jeremiah 11:6	Then the LORD said unto me, Proclaim all these words in the cities of Judah, and in the streets of Jerusalem, saying, Hear ye the words of this covenant, and do them.	
Jeremiah 12:12	The spoilers are come upon all high places through the wilderness: for the sword of the LORD shall devour from the one end of the land even to the other end of the land: no flesh shall have peace.	
Jeremiah 12:13	They have sown wheat, but shall reap thorns: they have put themselves to pain, but shall not profit: and they shall be ashamed of your revenues because of the fierce anger of the LORD.	
Jeremiah 12:14	Thus saith the LORD against all mine evil neighbours, that touch the inheritance which I have caused my people Israel to inherit; Behold, I will pluck them out of their land, and pluck out the house of Judah from among them.	
Jeremiah 12:3	But thou, O LORD, knowest me: thou hast seen me, and tried mine heart toward thee: pull them out like sheep for the slaughter, and prepare them for the day of slaughter.	
Jeremiah 13:1	Thus saith the LORD unto me, Go and get thee a linen girdle, and put it upon thy loins, and put it not in water.	
Jeremiah 13:11	For as the girdle cleaveth to the loins of a man, so have I caused to cleave unto me the whole house of Israel and the whole house of Judah, saith the LORD; that they might be unto me for a people, and for a name, and for a praise, and for a glory: but they would not hear.	
Jeremiah 13:12	Therefore thou shalt speak unto them this word; Thus saith the LORD God of Israel, Every bottle shall be filled with wine: and they shall say unto thee, Do we not certainly know that every bottle shall be filled with wine?	
Jeremiah 13:13	Then shalt thou say unto them, Thus saith the LORD, Behold, I will fill all the inhabitants of this land, even the kings that sit upon David's throne, and the priests, and the prophets, and all the inhabitants of Jerusalem, with drunkenness.	
Jeremiah 13:18	Say unto the king and to the queen, Humble yourselves, sit down: for your principalities shall come down, even the crown of your glory.	
Jeremiah 13:22	And if thou say in thine heart, Wherefore come these things upon me? For the greatness of thine iniquity are thy skirts discovered, and thy heels made bare.	
Jeremiah 13:24	Therefore will I scatter them as the stubble that passeth away by the wind of the wilderness.	
Jeremiah 13:7	Then I went to Euphrates, and digged, and took the girdle from the place where I had hid it: and, behold, the girdle was marred, it was profitable for nothing.	
Jeremiah 14:1	The word of the LORD that came to Jeremiah concerning the dearth.	
Jeremiah 14:11	Then said the LORD unto me, Pray not for this people for their good.	
Jeremiah 14:14	Then the LORD said unto me, The prophets prophesy lies in my name: I sent them not, neither have I commanded them, neither spake unto them: they prophesy unto you a false vision and divination, and a thing of nought, and the deceit of their heart.	
Jeremiah 14:19	Hast thou utterly rejected Judah? hath thy soul lothed Zion? why hast thou smitten us, and there is no healing for us? we looked for peace, and there is no good; and for the time of healing, and behold trouble!	
Jeremiah 14:7	O LORD, though our iniquities testify against us, do thou it for thy name's sake: for our backslidings are many; we have sinned against thee.	
Jeremiah 14:8	O the hope of Israel, the saviour thereof in time of trouble, why shouldest thou be as a stranger in the land, and as a wayfaring man that turneth aside to tarry for a night?	
Jeremiah 14:9	Why shouldest thou be as a man astonied, as a mighty man that cannot save? yet thou, O LORD, art in the midst of us, and we are called by thy name; leave us not.	
Jeremiah 15:1	Then said the LORD unto me, Though Moses and Samuel stood before me, yet my mind could not be toward this people: cast them out of my sight, and let them go forth.	
Jeremiah 15:15	O LORD, thou knowest: remember me, and visit me, and revenge me of my persecutors; take me not away in thy longsuffering: know that for thy sake I have suffered rebuke.	
Jeremiah 15:21	And I will deliver thee out of the hand of the wicked, and I will redeem thee out of the hand of the terrible.	
Jeremiah 15:4	And I will cause them to be removed into all kingdoms of the earth, because of Manasseh the son of Hezekiah king of Judah, for that which he did in Jerusalem.	
Jeremiah 15:6	Thou hast forsaken me, saith the LORD, thou art gone backward: therefore will I stretch out my hand against thee, and destroy thee; I am weary with repenting.	
Jeremiah 15:7	And I will fan them with a fan in the gates of the land; I will bereave them of children, I will destroy my people since they return not from their ways.	
Jeremiah 15:9	She that hath borne seven languisheth: she hath given up the ghost; her sun is gone down while it was yet day: she hath been ashamed and confounded: and the residue of them will I deliver to the sword before their enemies, saith the LORD.	
Jeremiah 16:1	The word of the LORD came also unto me, saying,	
Jeremiah 16:15	But, The LORD liveth, that brought up the children of Israel from the land of the north, and from all the lands whither he had driven them: and I will bring them again into their land that I gave unto their fathers.	
Jeremiah 16:16	Behold, I will send for many fishers, saith the LORD, and they shall fish them; and after will I send for many hunters, and they shall hunt them from every mountain, and from every hill, and out of the holes of the rocks.	
Jeremiah 16:3	For thus saith the LORD concerning the sons and concerning the daughters that are born in this place, and concerning their mothers that bare them, and concerning their fathers that begat them in this land;	
Jeremiah 16:5	For thus saith the LORD, Enter not into the house of mourning, neither go to lament nor bemoan them: for I have taken away my peace from this people, saith the LORD, even lovingkindness and mercies.	
Jeremiah 16:8	Thou shalt not also go into the house of feasting, to sit with them to eat and to drink.	
Jeremiah 16:9	For thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; Behold, I will cause to cease out of this place in your eyes, and in your days, the voice of mirth, and the voice of gladness, the voice of the bridegroom, and the voice of the bride.	
Jeremiah 17:11	As the partridge sitteth on eggs, and hatcheth them not; so he that getteth riches, and not by right, shall leave them in the midst of his days, and at his end shall be a fool.	
Jeremiah 17:2	Whilst their children remember their altars and their groves by the green trees upon the high hills.	
Jeremiah 17:26	And they shall come from the cities of Judah, and from the places about Jerusalem, and from the land of Benjamin, and from the plain, and from the mountains, and from the south, bringing burnt offerings, and sacrifices, and meat offerings, and incense, and bringing sacrifices of praise, unto the house of the LORD.	
Jeremiah 17:27	But if ye will not hearken unto me to hallow the sabbath day, and not to bear a burden, even entering in at the gates of Jerusalem on the sabbath day; then will I kindle a fire in the gates thereof, and it shall devour the palaces of Jerusalem, and it shall not be quenched.	
Jeremiah 17:4	And thou, even thyself, shalt discontinue from thine heritage that I gave thee; and I will cause thee to serve thine enemies in the land which thou knowest not: for ye have kindled a fire in mine anger, which shall burn for ever.	
Jeremiah 17:6	For he shall be like the heath in the desert, and shall not see when good cometh; but shall inhabit the parched places in the wilderness, in a salt land and not inhabited.	
Jeremiah 17:7	Blessed is the man that trusteth in the LORD, and whose hope the LORD is.	
Jeremiah 18:10	If it do evil in my sight, that it obey not my voice, then I will repent of the good, wherewith I said I would benefit them.	
Jeremiah 18:11	Now therefore go to, speak to the men of Judah, and to the inhabitants of Jerusalem, saying, Thus saith the LORD; Behold, I frame evil against you, and devise a device against you: return ye now every one from his evil way, and make your ways and your doings good.	
Jeremiah 18:14	Will a man leave the snow of Lebanon which cometh from the rock of the field? or shall the cold flowing waters that come from another place be forsaken?	
Jeremiah 18:17	I will scatter them as with an east wind before the enemy; I will shew them the back, and not the face, in the day of their calamity.	
Jeremiah 18:18	Then said they, Come and let us devise devices against Jeremiah; for the law shall not perish from the priest, nor counsel from the wise, nor the word from the prophet. Come, and let us smite him with the tongue, and let us not give heed to any of his words.	
Jeremiah 18:22	Let a cry be heard from their houses, when thou shalt bring a troop suddenly upon them: for they have digged a pit to take me, and hid snares for my feet.	
Jeremiah 18:23	Yet, LORD, thou knowest all their counsel against me to slay me: forgive not their iniquity, neither blot out their sin from thy sight, but let them be overthrown before thee; deal thus with them in the time of thine anger.	
Jeremiah 18:3	Then I went down to the potter's house, and, behold, he wrought a work on the wheels.	
Jeremiah 19:1	Thus saith the LORD, Go and get a potter's earthen bottle, and take of the ancients of the people, and of the ancients of the priests;	
Jeremiah 19:10	Then shalt thou break the bottle in the sight of the men that go with thee,	
Jeremiah 19:2	And go forth unto the valley of the son of Hinnom, which is by the entry of the east gate, and proclaim there the words that I shall tell thee,	
Jeremiah 19:3	And say, Hear ye the word of the LORD, O kings of Judah, and inhabitants of Jerusalem; Thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; Behold, I will bring evil upon this place, the which whosoever heareth, his ears shall tingle.	
Jeremiah 1:13	And the word of the LORD came unto me the second time, saying, What seest thou? And I said, I see a seething pot; and the face thereof is toward the north.	
Jeremiah 1:14	Then the LORD said unto me, Out of the north an evil shall break forth upon all the inhabitants of the land.	
Jeremiah 1:19	And they shall fight against thee; but they shall not prevail against thee; for I am with thee, saith the LORD, to deliver thee.	
Jeremiah 1:7	But the LORD said unto me, Say not, I am a child: for thou shalt go to all that I shall send thee, and whatsoever I command thee thou shalt speak.	
Jeremiah 1:9	Then the LORD put forth his hand, and touched my mouth. And the LORD said unto me, Behold, I have put my words in thy mouth.	
Jeremiah 20:17	Because he slew me not from the womb; or that my mother might have been my grave, and her womb to be always great with me.	
Jeremiah 20:18	Wherefore came I forth out of the womb to see labour and sorrow, that my days should be consumed with shame?	
Jeremiah 20:2	Then Pashur smote Jeremiah the prophet, and put him in the stocks that were in the high gate of Benjamin, which was by the house of the LORD.	
Jeremiah 20:4	For thus saith the LORD, Behold, I will make thee a terror to thyself, and to all thy friends: and they shall fall by the sword of their enemies, and thine eyes shall behold it: and I will give all Judah into the hand of the king of Babylon, and he shall carry them captive into Babylon, and shall slay them with the sword.	
Jeremiah 20:6	And thou, Pashur, and all that dwell in thine house shall go into captivity: and thou shalt come to Babylon, and there thou shalt die, and shalt be buried there, thou, and all thy friends, to whom thou hast prophesied lies.	
Jeremiah 21:1	The word which came unto Jeremiah from the LORD, when king Zedekiah sent unto him Pashur the son of Melchiah, and Zephaniah the son of Maaseiah the priest, saying,	
Jeremiah 21:11	And touching the house of the king of Judah, say, Hear ye the word of the LORD;	
Jeremiah 21:14	But I will punish you according to the fruit of your doings, saith the LORD: and I will kindle a fire in the forest thereof, and it shall devour all things round about it.	
Jeremiah 21:3	Then said Jeremiah unto them, Thus shall ye say to Zedekiah:	
Jeremiah 21:5	And I myself will fight against you with an outstretched hand and with a strong arm, even in anger, and in fury, and in great wrath.	
Jeremiah 21:7	And afterward, saith the LORD, I will deliver Zedekiah king of Judah, and his servants, and the people, and such as are left in this city from the pestilence, from the sword, and from the famine, into the hand of Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon, and into the hand of their enemies, and into the hand of those that seek their life: and he shall smite them with the edge of the sword; he shall not spare them, neither have pity, nor have mercy.	
Jeremiah 22:13	Woe unto him that buildeth his house by unrighteousness, and his chambers by wrong; that useth his neighbour's service without wages, and giveth him not for his work;	
Jeremiah 22:17	But thine eyes and thine heart are not but for thy covetousness, and for to shed innocent blood, and for oppression, and for violence, to do it.	
Jeremiah 22:18	Therefore thus saith the LORD concerning Jehoiakim the son of Josiah king of Judah; They shall not lament for him, saying, Ah my brother! or, Ah sister! they shall not lament for him, saying, Ah lord! or, Ah his glory!	
Jeremiah 22:19	He shall be buried with the burial of an ass, drawn and cast forth beyond the gates of Jerusalem.	
Jeremiah 22:22	The wind shall eat up all thy pastors, and thy lovers shall go into captivity: surely then shalt thou be ashamed and confounded for all thy wickedness.	
Jeremiah 22:24	As I live, saith the LORD, though Coniah the son of Jehoiakim king of Judah were the signet upon my right hand, yet would I pluck thee thence;	
Jeremiah 22:4	For if ye do this thing indeed, then shall there enter in by the gates of this house kings sitting upon the throne of David, riding in chariots and on horses, he, and his servants, and his people.	
Jeremiah 23:1	Woe be unto the pastors that destroy and scatter the sheep of my pasture! saith the LORD.	
Jeremiah 23:14	I have seen also in the prophets of Jerusalem an horrible thing: they commit adultery, and walk in lies: they strengthen also the hands of evildoers, that none doth return from his wickedness; they are all of them unto me as Sodom, and the inhabitants thereof as Gomorrah.	
Jeremiah 23:16	Thus saith the LORD of hosts, Hearken not unto the words of the prophets that prophesy unto you: they make you vain: they speak a vision of their own heart, and not out of the mouth of the LORD.	
Jeremiah 23:18	For who hath stood in the counsel of the LORD, and hath perceived and heard his word? who hath marked his word, and heard it?	
Jeremiah 23:26	How long shall this be in the heart of the prophets that prophesy lies? yea, they are prophets of the deceit of their own heart;	
Jeremiah 23:30	Therefore, behold, I am against the prophets, saith the LORD, that steal my words every one from his neighbour.	
Jeremiah 23:4	And I will set up shepherds over them which shall feed them: and they shall fear no more, nor be dismayed, neither shall they be lacking, saith the LORD.	
Jeremiah 23:5	Behold, the days come, saith the LORD, that I will raise unto David a righteous Branch, and a King shall reign and prosper, and shall execute judgment and justice in the earth.	
Jeremiah 24:1	The LORD shewed me, and, behold, two baskets of figs were set before the temple of the LORD, after that Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon had carried away captive Jeconiah the son of Jehoiakim king of Judah, and the princes of Judah, with the carpenters and smiths, from Jerusalem, and had brought them to Babylon.	
Jeremiah 24:6	For I will set mine eyes upon them for good, and I will bring them again to this land: and I will build them, and not pull them down; and I will plant them, and not pluck them up.	
Jeremiah 24:8	And as the evil figs, which cannot be eaten, they are so evil; surely thus saith the LORD, So will I give Zedekiah the king of Judah, and his princes, and the residue of Jerusalem, that remain in this land, and them that dwell in the land of Egypt:	
Jeremiah 25:18	To wit, Jerusalem, and the cities of Judah, and the kings thereof, and the princes thereof, to make them a desolation, an astonishment, an hissing, and a curse; as it is this day;	
Jeremiah 25:2	The which Jeremiah the prophet spake unto all the people of Judah, and to all the inhabitants of Jerusalem, saying,	
Jeremiah 25:27	Therefore thou shalt say unto them, Thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; Drink ye, and be drunken, and spue, and fall, and rise no more, because of the sword which I will send among you.	
Jeremiah 25:29	For, lo, I begin to bring evil on the city which is called by my name, and should ye be utterly unpunished? Ye shall not be unpunished: for I will call for a sword upon all the inhabitants of the earth, saith the LORD of hosts.	
Jeremiah 25:30	Therefore prophesy thou against them all these words, and say unto them, The LORD shall roar from on high, and utter his voice from his holy habitation; he shall mightily roar upon his habitation; he shall give a shout, as they that tread the grapes, against all the inhabitants of the earth.	
Jeremiah 25:33	And the slain of the LORD shall be at that day from one end of the earth even unto the other end of the earth: they shall not be lamented, neither gathered, nor buried; they shall be dung upon the ground.	
Jeremiah 25:34	Howl, ye shepherds, and cry; and wallow yourselves in the ashes, ye principal of the flock: for the days of your slaughter and of your dispersions are accomplished; and ye shall fall like a pleasant vessel.	
Jeremiah 25:5	They said, Turn ye again now every one from his evil way, and from the evil of your doings, and dwell in the land that the LORD hath given unto you and to your fathers for ever and ever:	
Jeremiah 25:7	Yet ye have not hearkened unto me, saith the LORD; that ye might provoke me to anger with the works of your hands to your own hurt.	
Jeremiah 25:9	Behold, I will send and take all the families of the north, saith the LORD, and Nebuchadrezzar the king of Babylon, my servant, and will bring them against this land, and against the inhabitants thereof, and against all these nations round about, and will utterly destroy them, and make them an astonishment, and an hissing, and perpetual desolations.	
Jeremiah 26:14	As for me, behold, I am in your hand: do with me as seemeth good and meet unto you.	
Jeremiah 26:4	And thou shalt say unto them, Thus saith the LORD; If ye will not hearken to me, to walk in my law, which I have set before you,	
Jeremiah 26:6	Then will I make this house like Shiloh, and will make this city a curse to all the nations of the earth.	
Jeremiah 27:1	In the beginning of the reign of Jehoiakim the son of Josiah king of Judah came this word unto Jeremiah from the LORD, saying,	
Jeremiah 27:15	For I have not sent them, saith the LORD, yet they prophesy a lie in my name; that I might drive you out, and that ye might perish, ye, and the prophets that prophesy unto you.	
Jeremiah 27:21	Yea, thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel, concerning the vessels that remain in the house of the LORD, and in the house of the king of Judah and of Jerusalem;	
Jeremiah 27:4	And command them to say unto their masters, Thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; Thus shall ye say unto your masters;	
Jeremiah 27:5	I have made the earth, the man and the beast that are upon the ground, by my great power and by my outstretched arm, and have given it unto whom it seemed meet unto me.	
Jeremiah 27:6	And now have I given all these lands into the hand of Nebuchadnezzar the king of Babylon, my servant; and the beasts of the field have I given him also to serve him.	
Jeremiah 27:7	And all nations shall serve him, and his son, and his son's son, until the very time of his land come: and then many nations and great kings shall serve themselves of him.	
Jeremiah 28:10	Then Hananiah the prophet took the yoke from off the prophet Jeremiah's neck, and brake it.	
Jeremiah 28:12	Then the word of the LORD came unto Jeremiah the prophet, after that Hananiah the prophet had broken the yoke from off the neck of the prophet Jeremiah, saying,	
Jeremiah 28:3	Within two full years will I bring again into this place all the vessels of the LORD's house, that Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon took away from this place, and carried them to Babylon:	
Jeremiah 28:4	And I will bring again to this place Jeconiah the son of Jehoiakim king of Judah, with all the captives of Judah, that went into Babylon, saith the LORD: for I will break the yoke of the king of Babylon.	
Jeremiah 28:5	Then the prophet Jeremiah said unto the prophet Hananiah in the presence of the priests, and in the presence of all the people that stood in the house of the LORD,	
Jeremiah 28:9	The prophet which prophesieth of peace, when the word of the prophet shall come to pass, then shall the prophet be known, that the LORD hath truly sent him.	
Jeremiah 29:12	Then shall ye call upon me, and ye shall go and pray unto me, and I will hearken unto you.	
Jeremiah 29:21	Thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel, of Ahab the son of Kolaiah, and of Zedekiah the son of Maaseiah, which prophesy a lie unto you in my name; Behold, I will deliver them into the hand of Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon; and he shall slay them before your eyes;	
Jeremiah 29:27	Now therefore why hast thou not reproved Jeremiah of Anathoth, which maketh himself a prophet to you?	
Jeremiah 29:28	For therefore he sent unto us in Babylon, saying, This captivity is long: build ye houses, and dwell in them; and plant gardens, and eat the fruit of them.	
Jeremiah 29:31	Send to all them of the captivity, saying, Thus saith the LORD concerning Shemaiah the Nehelamite; Because that Shemaiah hath prophesied unto you, and I sent him not, and he caused you to trust in a lie:	
Jeremiah 29:32	Therefore thus saith the LORD; Behold, I will punish Shemaiah the Nehelamite, and his seed: he shall not have a man to dwell among this people; neither shall he behold the good that I will do for my people, saith the LORD; because he hath taught rebellion against the LORD.	
Jeremiah 29:8	For thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; Let not your prophets and your diviners, that be in the midst of you, deceive you, neither hearken to your dreams which ye cause to be dreamed.	
Jeremiah 2:18	And now what hast thou to do in the way of Egypt, to drink the waters of Sihor? or what hast thou to do in the way of Assyria, to drink the waters of the river?	
Jeremiah 2:19	Thine own wickedness shall correct thee, and thy backslidings shall reprove thee: know therefore and see that it is an evil thing and bitter, that thou hast forsaken the LORD thy God, and that my fear is not in thee, saith the Lord GOD of hosts.	
Jeremiah 2:24	A wild ass used to the wilderness, that snuffeth up the wind at her pleasure; in her occasion who can turn her away? all they that seek her will not weary themselves; in her month they shall find her.	
Jeremiah 2:28	But where are thy gods that thou hast made thee? let them arise, if they can save thee in the time of thy trouble: for according to the number of thy cities are thy gods, O Judah.	
Jeremiah 2:3	Israel was holiness unto the LORD, and the firstfruits of his increase: all that devour him shall offend; evil shall come upon them, saith the LORD.	
Jeremiah 2:7	And I brought you into a plentiful country, to eat the fruit thereof and the goodness thereof; but when ye entered, ye defiled my land, and made mine heritage an abomination.	
Jeremiah 2:8	The priests said not, Where is the LORD? and they that handle the law knew me not: the pastors also transgressed against me, and the prophets prophesied by Baal, and walked after things that do not profit.	
Jeremiah 30:10	Therefore fear thou not, O my servant Jacob, saith the LORD; neither be dismayed, O Israel: for, lo, I will save thee from afar, and thy seed from the land of their captivity; and Jacob shall return, and shall be in rest, and be quiet, and none shall make him afraid.	
Jeremiah 30:14	All thy lovers have forgotten thee; they seek thee not; for I have wounded thee with the wound of an enemy, with the chastisement of a cruel one, for the multitude of thine iniquity; because thy sins were increased.	
Jeremiah 30:20	Their children also shall be as aforetime, and their congregation shall be established before me, and I will punish all that oppress them.	
Jeremiah 30:24	The fierce anger of the LORD shall not return, until he hath done it, and until he have performed the intents of his heart: in the latter days ye shall consider it.	
Jeremiah 30:8	For it shall come to pass in that day, saith the LORD of hosts, that I will break his yoke from off thy neck, and will burst thy bonds, and strangers shall no more serve themselves of him:	
Jeremiah 31:17	And there is hope in thine end, saith the LORD, that thy children shall come again to their own border.	
Jeremiah 31:20	Is Ephraim my dear son? is he a pleasant child? for since I spake against him, I do earnestly remember him still: therefore my bowels are troubled for him; I will surely have mercy upon him, saith the LORD.	
Jeremiah 31:28	And it shall come to pass, that like as I have watched over them, to pluck up, and to break down, and to throw down, and to destroy, and to afflict; so will I watch over them, to build, and to plant, saith the LORD.	
Jeremiah 31:29	In those days they shall say no more, The fathers have eaten a sour grape, and the children's teeth are set on edge.	
Jeremiah 31:32	Not according to the covenant that I made with their fathers in the day that I took them by the hand to bring them out of the land of Egypt; which my covenant they brake, although I was an husband unto them, saith the LORD:	
Jeremiah 31:33	But this shall be the covenant that I will make with the house of Israel; After those days, saith the LORD, I will put my law in their inward parts, and write it in their hearts; and will be their God, and they shall be my people.	
Jeremiah 31:34	And they shall teach no more every man his neighbour, and every man his brother, saying, Know the LORD: for they shall all know me, from the least of them unto the greatest of them, saith the LORD: for I will forgive their iniquity, and I will remember their sin no more.	
Jeremiah 31:36	If those ordinances depart from before me, saith the LORD, then the seed of Israel also shall cease from being a nation before me for ever.	
Jeremiah 31:6	For there shall be a day, that the watchmen upon the mount Ephraim shall cry, Arise ye, and let us go up to Zion unto the LORD our God.	
Jeremiah 31:9	They shall come with weeping, and with supplications will I lead them: I will cause them to walk by the rivers of waters in a straight way, wherein they shall not stumble: for I am a father to Israel, and Ephraim is my firstborn.	
Jeremiah 32:1	The word that came to Jeremiah from the LORD in the tenth year of Zedekiah king of Judah, which was the eighteenth year of Nebuchadrezzar.	
Jeremiah 32:13	And I charged Baruch before them, saying,	
Jeremiah 32:19	Great in counsel, and mighty in work: for thine eyes are open upon all the ways of the sons of men: to give every one according to his ways, and according to the fruit of his doings:	
Jeremiah 32:21	And hast brought forth thy people Israel out of the land of Egypt with signs, and with wonders, and with a strong hand, and with a stretched out arm, and with great terror;	
Jeremiah 32:26	Then came the word of the LORD unto Jeremiah, saying,	
Jeremiah 32:3	For Zedekiah king of Judah had shut him up, saying, Wherefore dost thou prophesy, and say, Thus saith the LORD, Behold, I will give this city into the hand of the king of Babylon, and he shall take it;	
Jeremiah 32:39	And I will give them one heart, and one way, that they may fear me for ever, for the good of them, and of their children after them:	
Jeremiah 32:44	Men shall buy fields for money, and subscribe evidences, and seal them, and take witnesses in the land of Benjamin, and in the places about Jerusalem, and in the cities of Judah, and in the cities of the mountains, and in the cities of the valley, and in the cities of the south: for I will cause their captivity to return, saith the LORD.	
Jeremiah 32:5	And he shall lead Zedekiah to Babylon, and there shall he be until I visit him, saith the LORD: though ye fight with the Chaldeans, ye shall not prosper.	
Jeremiah 32:7	Behold, Hanameel the son of Shallum thine uncle shall come unto thee saying, Buy thee my field that is in Anathoth: for the right of redemption is thine to buy it.	
Jeremiah 32:9	And I bought the field of Hanameel my uncle's son, that was in Anathoth, and weighed him the money, even seventeen shekels of silver.	
Jeremiah 33:12	Thus saith the LORD of hosts; Again in this place, which is desolate without man and without beast, and in all the cities thereof, shall be an habitation of shepherds causing their flocks to lie down.	
Jeremiah 33:15	In those days, and at that time, will I cause the Branch of righteousness to grow up unto David; and he shall execute judgment and righteousness in the land.	
Jeremiah 33:17	For thus saith the LORD; David shall never want a man to sit upon the throne of the house of Israel;	
Jeremiah 33:2	Thus saith the LORD the maker thereof, the LORD that formed it, to establish it; the LORD is his name;	
Jeremiah 33:20	Thus saith the LORD; If ye can break my covenant of the day, and my covenant of the night, and that there should not be day and night in their season;	
Jeremiah 33:21	Then may also my covenant be broken with David my servant, that he should not have a son to reign upon his throne; and with the Levites the priests, my ministers.	
Jeremiah 33:24	Considerest thou not what this people have spoken, saying, The two families which the LORD hath chosen, he hath even cast them off? thus they have despised my people, that they should be no more a nation before them.	
Jeremiah 33:25	Thus saith the LORD; If my covenant be not with day and night, and if I have not appointed the ordinances of heaven and earth;	
Jeremiah 33:4	For thus saith the LORD, the God of Israel, concerning the houses of this city, and concerning the houses of the kings of Judah, which are thrown down by the mounts, and by the sword;	
Jeremiah 34:13	Thus saith the LORD, the God of Israel; I made a covenant with your fathers in the day that I brought them forth out of the land of Egypt, out of the house of bondmen, saying,	
Jeremiah 34:18	And I will give the men that have transgressed my covenant, which have not performed the words of the covenant which they had made before me, when they cut the calf in twain, and passed between the parts thereof,	
Jeremiah 34:19	The princes of Judah, and the princes of Jerusalem, the eunuchs, and the priests, and all the people of the land, which passed between the parts of the calf;	
Jeremiah 34:2	Thus saith the LORD, the God of Israel; Go and speak to Zedekiah king of Judah, and tell him, Thus saith the LORD; Behold, I will give this city into the hand of the king of Babylon, and he shall burn it with fire:	
Jeremiah 34:21	And Zedekiah king of Judah and his princes will I give into the hand of their enemies, and into the hand of them that seek their life, and into the hand of the king of Babylon's army, which are gone up from you.	
Jeremiah 34:3	And thou shalt not escape out of his hand, but shalt surely be taken, and delivered into his hand; and thine eyes shall behold the eyes of the king of Babylon, and he shall speak with thee mouth to mouth, and thou shalt go to Babylon.	
Jeremiah 34:4	Yet hear the word of the LORD, O Zedekiah king of Judah; Thus saith the LORD of thee, Thou shalt not die by the sword:	
Jeremiah 34:9	That every man should let his manservant, and every man his maidservant, being an Hebrew or an Hebrewess, go free; that none should serve himself of them, to wit, of a Jew his brother.	
Jeremiah 35:14	The words of Jonadab the son of Rechab, that he commanded his sons not to drink wine, are performed; for unto this day they drink none, but obey their father's commandment: notwithstanding I have spoken unto you, rising early and speaking; but ye hearkened not unto me.	
Jeremiah 35:15	I have sent also unto you all my servants the prophets, rising up early and sending them, saying, Return ye now every man from his evil way, and amend your doings, and go not after other gods to serve them, and ye shall dwell in the land which I have given to you and to your fathers: but ye have not inclined your ear, nor hearkened unto me.	
Jeremiah 35:4	And I brought them into the house of the LORD, into the chamber of the sons of Hanan, the son of Igdaliah, a man of God, which was by the chamber of the princes, which was above the chamber of Maaseiah the son of Shallum, the keeper of the door:	
Jeremiah 35:7	Neither shall ye build house, nor sow seed, nor plant vineyard, nor have any: but all your days ye shall dwell in tents; that ye may live many days in the land where ye be strangers.	
Jeremiah 36:1	And it came to pass in the fourth year of Jehoiakim the son of Josiah king of Judah, that this word came unto Jeremiah from the LORD, saying,	
Jeremiah 36:11	When Michaiah the son of Gemariah, the son of Shaphan, had heard out of the book all the words of the LORD,	
Jeremiah 36:19	Then said the princes unto Baruch, Go, hide thee, thou and Jeremiah; and let no man know where ye be.	
Jeremiah 36:3	It may be that the house of Judah will hear all the evil which I purpose to do unto them; that they may return every man from his evil way; that I may forgive their iniquity and their sin.	
Jeremiah 36:30	Therefore thus saith the LORD of Jehoiakim king of Judah; He shall have none to sit upon the throne of David: and his dead body shall be cast out in the day to the heat, and in the night to the frost.	
Jeremiah 36:31	And I will punish him and his seed and his servants for their iniquity; and I will bring upon them, and upon the inhabitants of Jerusalem, and upon the men of Judah, all the evil that I have pronounced against them; but they hearkened not.	
Jeremiah 36:32	Then took Jeremiah another roll, and gave it to Baruch the scribe, the son of Neriah; who wrote therein from the mouth of Jeremiah all the words of the book which Jehoiakim king of Judah had burned in the fire: and there were added besides unto them many like words.	
Jeremiah 36:7	It may be they will present their supplication before the LORD, and will return every one from his evil way: for great is the anger and the fury that the LORD hath pronounced against this people.	
Jeremiah 36:9	And it came to pass in the fifth year of Jehoiakim the son of Josiah king of Judah, in the ninth month, that they proclaimed a fast before the LORD to all the people in Jerusalem, and to all the people that came from the cities of Judah unto Jerusalem.	
Jeremiah 37:12	Then Jeremiah went forth out of Jerusalem to go into the land of Benjamin, to separate himself thence in the midst of the people.	
Jeremiah 37:17	Then Zedekiah the king sent, and took him out: and the king asked him secretly in his house, and said, Is there any word from the LORD? And Jeremiah said, There is: for, said he, thou shalt be delivered into the hand of the king of Babylon.	
Jeremiah 37:18	Moreover Jeremiah said unto king Zedekiah, What have I offended against thee, or against thy servants, or against this people, that ye have put me in prison?	
Jeremiah 37:3	And Zedekiah the king sent Jehucal the son of Shelemiah and Zephaniah the son of Maaseiah the priest to the prophet Jeremiah, saying, Pray now unto the LORD our God for us.	
Jeremiah 37:4	Now Jeremiah came in and went out among the people: for they had not put him into prison.	
Jeremiah 37:5	Then Pharaoh's army was come forth out of Egypt: and when the Chaldeans that besieged Jerusalem heard tidings of them, they departed from Jerusalem.	
Jeremiah 37:7	Thus saith the LORD, the God of Israel; Thus shall ye say to the king of Judah, that sent you unto me to enquire of me; Behold, Pharaoh's army, which is come forth to help you, shall return to Egypt into their own land.	
Jeremiah 38:13	So they drew up Jeremiah with cords, and took him up out of the dungeon: and Jeremiah remained in the court of the prison.	
Jeremiah 38:16	So Zedekiah the king sware secretly unto Jeremiah, saying, As the LORD liveth, that made us this soul, I will not put thee to death, neither will I give thee into the hand of these men that seek thy life.	
Jeremiah 38:17	Then said Jeremiah unto Zedekiah, Thus saith the LORD, the God of hosts, the God of Israel; If thou wilt assuredly go forth unto the king of Babylon's princes, then thy soul shall live, and this city shall not be burned with fire; and thou shalt live, and thine house:	
Jeremiah 38:20	But Jeremiah said, They shall not deliver thee. Obey, I beseech thee, the voice of the LORD, which I speak unto thee: so it shall be well unto thee, and thy soul shall live.	
Jeremiah 38:5	Then Zedekiah the king said, Behold, he is in your hand: for the king is not he that can do any thing against you.	
Jeremiah 39:11	Now Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon gave charge concerning Jeremiah to Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard, saying,	
Jeremiah 39:17	But I will deliver thee in that day, saith the LORD: and thou shalt not be given into the hand of the men of whom thou art afraid.	
Jeremiah 39:2	And in the eleventh year of Zedekiah, in the fourth month, the ninth day of the month, the city was broken up.	
Jeremiah 39:7	Moreover he put out Zedekiah's eyes, and bound him with chains, to carry him to Babylon.	
Jeremiah 3:1	They say, If a man put away his wife, and she go from him, and become another man's, shall he return unto her again? shall not that land be greatly polluted? but thou hast played the harlot with many lovers; yet return again to me, saith the LORD.	
Jeremiah 3:10	And yet for all this her treacherous sister Judah hath not turned unto me with her whole heart, but feignedly, saith the LORD.	
Jeremiah 3:13	Only acknowledge thine iniquity, that thou hast transgressed against the LORD thy God, and hast scattered thy ways to the strangers under every green tree, and ye have not obeyed my voice, saith the LORD.	
Jeremiah 3:15	And I will give you pastors according to mine heart, which shall feed you with knowledge and understanding.	
Jeremiah 3:17	At that time they shall call Jerusalem the throne of the LORD; and all the nations shall be gathered unto it, to the name of the LORD, to Jerusalem: neither shall they walk any more after the imagination of their evil heart.	
Jeremiah 3:2	Lift up thine eyes unto the high places, and see where thou hast not been lien with. In the ways hast thou sat for them, as the Arabian in the wilderness; and thou hast polluted the land with thy whoredoms and with thy wickedness.	
Jeremiah 3:25	We lie down in our shame, and our confusion covereth us: for we have sinned against the LORD our God, we and our fathers, from our youth even unto this day, and have not obeyed the voice of the LORD our God.	
Jeremiah 3:4	Wilt thou not from this time cry unto me, My father, thou art the guide of my youth?	
Jeremiah 3:5	Will he reserve his anger for ever? will he keep it to the end? Behold, thou hast spoken and done evil things as thou couldest.	
Jeremiah 3:6	The LORD said also unto me in the days of Josiah the king, Hast thou seen that which backsliding Israel hath done? she is gone up upon every high mountain and under every green tree, and there hath played the harlot.	
Jeremiah 3:7	And I said after she had done all these things, Turn thou unto me. But she returned not. And her treacherous sister Judah saw it.	
Jeremiah 40:14	And said unto him, Dost thou certainly know that Baalis the king of the Ammonites hath sent Ishmael the son of Nethaniah to slay thee? But Gedaliah the son of Ahikam believed them not.	
Jeremiah 40:15	Then Johanan the son of Kareah spake to Gedaliah in Mizpah secretly saying, Let me go, I pray thee, and I will slay Ishmael the son of Nethaniah, and no man shall know it: wherefore should he slay thee, that all the Jews which are gathered unto thee should be scattered, and the remnant in Judah perish?	
Jeremiah 40:4	And now, behold, I loose thee this day from the chains which were upon thine hand. If it seem good unto thee to come with me into Babylon, come; and I will look well unto thee: but if it seem ill unto thee to come with me into Babylon, forbear: behold, all the land is before thee: whither it seemeth good and convenient for thee to go, thither go.	
Jeremiah 40:7	Now when all the captains of the forces which were in the fields, even they and their men, heard that the king of Babylon had made Gedaliah the son of Ahikam governor in the land, and had committed unto him men, and women, and children, and of the poor of the land, of them that were not carried away captive to Babylon;	
Jeremiah 40:8	Then they came to Gedaliah to Mizpah, even Ishmael the son of Nethaniah, and Johanan and Jonathan the sons of Kareah, and Seraiah the son of Tanhumeth, and the sons of Ephai the Netophathite, and Jezaniah the son of a Maachathite, they and their men.	
Jeremiah 41:5	That there came certain from Shechem, from Shiloh, and from Samaria, even fourscore men, having their beards shaven, and their clothes rent, and having cut themselves, with offerings and incense in their hand, to bring them to the house of the LORD.	
Jeremiah 42:10	If ye will still abide in this land, then will I build you, and not pull you down, and I will plant you, and not pluck you up: for I repent me of the evil that I have done unto you.	
Jeremiah 42:12	And I will shew mercies unto you, that he may have mercy upon you, and cause you to return to your own land.	
Jeremiah 42:15	And now therefore hear the word of the LORD, ye remnant of Judah; Thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; If ye wholly set your faces to enter into Egypt, and go to sojourn there;	
Jeremiah 42:4	Then Jeremiah the prophet said unto them, I have heard you; behold, I will pray unto the LORD your God according to your words; and it shall come to pass, that whatsoever thing the LORD shall answer you, I will declare it unto you; I will keep nothing back from you.	
Jeremiah 43:3	But Baruch the son of Neriah setteth thee on against us, for to deliver us into the hand of the Chaldeans, that they might put us to death, and carry us away captives into Babylon.	
Jeremiah 43:9	Take great stones in thine hand, and hide them in the clay in the brickkiln, which is at the entry of Pharaoh's house in Tahpanhes, in the sight of the men of Judah;	
Jeremiah 44:10	They are not humbled even unto this day, neither have they feared, nor walked in my law, nor in my statutes, that I set before you and before your fathers.	
Jeremiah 44:12	And I will take the remnant of Judah, that have set their faces to go into the land of Egypt to sojourn there, and they shall all be consumed, and fall in the land of Egypt; they shall even be consumed by the sword and by the famine: they shall die, from the least even unto the greatest, by the sword and by the famine: and they shall be an execration, and an astonishment, and a curse, and a reproach.	
Jeremiah 44:13	For I will punish them that dwell in the land of Egypt, as I have punished Jerusalem, by the sword, by the famine, and by the pestilence:	
Jeremiah 44:14	So that none of the remnant of Judah, which are gone into the land of Egypt to sojourn there, shall escape or remain, that they should return into the land of Judah, to the which they have a desire to return to dwell there: for none shall return but such as shall escape.	
Jeremiah 44:15	Then all the men which knew that their wives had burned incense unto other gods, and all the women that stood by, a great multitude, even all the people that dwelt in the land of Egypt, in Pathros, answered Jeremiah, saying,	
Jeremiah 44:17	But we will certainly do whatsoever thing goeth forth out of our own mouth, to burn incense unto the queen of heaven, and to pour out drink offerings unto her, as we have done, we, and our fathers, our kings, and our princes, in the cities of Judah, and in the streets of Jerusalem: for then had we plenty of victuals, and were well, and saw no evil.	
Jeremiah 44:3	Because of their wickedness which they have committed to provoke me to anger, in that they went to burn incense, and to serve other gods, whom they knew not, neither they, ye, nor your fathers.	
Jeremiah 44:5	But they hearkened not, nor inclined their ear to turn from their wickedness, to burn no incense unto other gods.	
Jeremiah 45:2	Thus saith the LORD, the God of Israel, unto thee, O Baruch:	
Jeremiah 45:5	And seekest thou great things for thyself? seek them not: for, behold, I will bring evil upon all flesh, saith the LORD: but thy life will I give unto thee for a prey in all places whither thou goest.	
Jeremiah 46:13	The word that the LORD spake to Jeremiah the prophet, how Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon should come and smite the land of Egypt.	
Jeremiah 46:17	They did cry there, Pharaoh king of Egypt is but a noise; he hath passed the time appointed.	
Jeremiah 46:18	As I live, saith the King, whose name is the LORD of hosts, Surely as Tabor is among the mountains, and as Carmel by the sea, so shall he come.	
Jeremiah 46:3	Order ye the buckler and shield, and draw near to battle.	
Jeremiah 46:5	Wherefore have I seen them dismayed and turned away back? and their mighty ones are beaten down, and are fled apace, and look not back: for fear was round about, saith the LORD.	
Jeremiah 46:6	Let not the swift flee away, nor the mighty man escape; they shall stumble, and fall toward the north by the river Euphrates.	
Jeremiah 46:7	Who is this that cometh up as a flood, whose waters are moved as the rivers?	
Jeremiah 47:1	The word of the LORD that came to Jeremiah the prophet against the Philistines, before that Pharaoh smote Gaza.	
Jeremiah 47:3	At the noise of the stamping of the hoofs of his strong horses, at the rushing of his chariots, and at the rumbling of his wheels, the fathers shall not look back to their children for feebleness of hands;	
Jeremiah 48:1	Against Moab thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; Woe unto Nebo! for it is spoiled: Kiriathaim is confounded and taken: Misgab is confounded and dismayed.	
Jeremiah 48:16	The calamity of Moab is near to come, and his affliction hasteth fast.	
Jeremiah 48:18	Thou daughter that dost inhabit Dibon, come down from thy glory, and sit in thirst; for the spoiler of Moab shall come upon thee, and he shall destroy thy strong holds.	
Jeremiah 48:28	O ye that dwell in Moab, leave the cities, and dwell in the rock, and be like the dove that maketh her nest in the sides of the hole's mouth.	
Jeremiah 48:30	I know his wrath, saith the LORD; but it shall not be so; his lies shall not so effect it.	
Jeremiah 48:42	And Moab shall be destroyed from being a people, because he hath magnified himself against the LORD.	
Jeremiah 48:43	Fear, and the pit, and the snare, shall be upon thee, O inhabitant of Moab, saith the LORD.	
Jeremiah 48:46	Woe be unto thee, O Moab! the people of Chemosh perisheth: for thy sons are taken captives, and thy daughters captives.	
Jeremiah 49:18	As in the overthrow of Sodom and Gomorrah and the neighbour cities thereof, saith the LORD, no man shall abide there, neither shall a son of man dwell in it.	
Jeremiah 49:2	Therefore, behold, the days come, saith the LORD, that I will cause an alarm of war to be heard in Rabbah of the Ammonites; and it shall be a desolate heap, and her daughters shall be burned with fire: then shall Israel be heir unto them that were his heirs, saith the LORD.	
Jeremiah 49:26	Therefore her young men shall fall in her streets, and all the men of war shall be cut off in that day, saith the LORD of hosts.	
Jeremiah 49:27	And I will kindle a fire in the wall of Damascus, and it shall consume the palaces of Benhadad.	
Jeremiah 49:35	Thus saith the LORD of hosts; Behold, I will break the bow of Elam, the chief of their might.	
Jeremiah 49:37	For I will cause Elam to be dismayed before their enemies, and before them that seek their life: and I will bring evil upon them, even my fierce anger, saith the LORD; and I will send the sword after them, till I have consumed them:	
Jeremiah 49:5	Behold, I will bring a fear upon thee, saith the Lord GOD of hosts, from all those that be about thee; and ye shall be driven out every man right forth; and none shall gather up him that wandereth.	
Jeremiah 49:6	And afterward I will bring again the captivity of the children of Ammon, saith the LORD.	
Jeremiah 49:7	Concerning Edom, thus saith the LORD of hosts; Is wisdom no more in Teman? is counsel perished from the prudent? is their wisdom vanished?	
Jeremiah 49:8	Flee ye, turn back, dwell deep, O inhabitants of Dedan; for I will bring the calamity of Esau upon him, the time that I will visit him.	
Jeremiah 49:9	If grapegatherers come to thee, would they not leave some gleaning grapes? if thieves by night, they will destroy till they have enough.	
Jeremiah 4:15	For a voice declareth from Dan, and publisheth affliction from mount Ephraim.	
Jeremiah 4:16	Make ye mention to the nations; behold, publish against Jerusalem, that watchers come from a far country, and give out their voice against the cities of Judah.	
Jeremiah 4:21	How long shall I see the standard, and hear the sound of the trumpet?	
Jeremiah 4:24	I beheld the mountains, and, lo, they trembled, and all the hills moved lightly.	
Jeremiah 4:26	I beheld, and, lo, the fruitful place was a wilderness, and all the cities thereof were broken down at the presence of the LORD, and by his fierce anger.	
Jeremiah 4:6	Set up the standard toward Zion: retire, stay not: for I will bring evil from the north, and a great destruction.	
Jeremiah 50:12	Your mother shall be sore confounded; she that bare you shall be ashamed: behold, the hindermost of the nations shall be a wilderness, a dry land, and a desert.	
Jeremiah 50:13	Because of the wrath of the LORD it shall not be inhabited, but it shall be wholly desolate: every one that goeth by Babylon shall be astonished, and hiss at all her plagues.	
Jeremiah 50:18	Therefore thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; Behold, I will punish the king of Babylon and his land, as I have punished the king of Assyria.	
Jeremiah 50:23	How is the hammer of the whole earth cut asunder and broken! how is Babylon become a desolation among the nations!	
Jeremiah 50:28	The voice of them that flee and escape out of the land of Babylon, to declare in Zion the vengeance of the LORD our God, the vengeance of his temple.	
Jeremiah 50:36	A sword is upon the liars; and they shall dote: a sword is upon her mighty men; and they shall be dismayed.	
Jeremiah 50:41	Behold, a people shall come from the north, and a great nation, and many kings shall be raised up from the coasts of the earth.	
Jeremiah 50:8	Remove out of the midst of Babylon, and go forth out of the land of the Chaldeans, and be as the he goats before the flocks.	
Jeremiah 51:11	Make bright the arrows; gather the shields: the LORD hath raised up the spirit of the kings of the Medes: for his device is against Babylon, to destroy it; because it is the vengeance of the LORD, the vengeance of his temple.	
Jeremiah 51:14	The LORD of hosts hath sworn by himself, saying, Surely I will fill thee with men, as with caterpillers; and they shall lift up a shout against thee.	
Jeremiah 51:16	When he uttereth his voice, there is a multitude of waters in the heavens; and he causeth the vapours to ascend from the ends of the earth: he maketh lightnings with rain, and bringeth forth the wind out of his treasures.	
Jeremiah 51:17	Every man is brutish by his knowledge; every founder is confounded by the graven image: for his molten image is falsehood, and there is no breath in them.	
Jeremiah 51:24	And I will render unto Babylon and to all the inhabitants of Chaldea all their evil that they have done in Zion in your sight, saith the LORD.	
Jeremiah 51:27	Set ye up a standard in the land, blow the trumpet among the nations, prepare the nations against her, call together against her the kingdoms of Ararat, Minni, and Ashchenaz; appoint a captain against her; cause the horses to come up as the rough caterpillers.	
Jeremiah 51:30	The mighty men of Babylon have forborn to fight, they have remained in their holds: their might hath failed; they became as women: they have burned her dwellingplaces; her bars are broken.	
Jeremiah 51:33	For thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; The daughter of Babylon is like a threshingfloor, it is time to thresh her: yet a little while, and the time of her harvest shall come.	
Jeremiah 51:35	The violence done to me and to my flesh be upon Babylon, shall the inhabitant of Zion say; and my blood upon the inhabitants of Chaldea, shall Jerusalem say.	
Jeremiah 51:43	Her cities are a desolation, a dry land, and a wilderness, a land wherein no man dwelleth, neither doth any son of man pass thereby.	
Jeremiah 51:46	And lest your heart faint, and ye fear for the rumour that shall be heard in the land; a rumour shall both come one year, and after that in another year shall come a rumour, and violence in the land, ruler against ruler.	
Jeremiah 51:47	Therefore, behold, the days come, that I will do judgment upon the graven images of Babylon: and her whole land shall be confounded, and all her slain shall fall in the midst of her.	
Jeremiah 51:51	We are confounded, because we have heard reproach: shame hath covered our faces: for strangers are come into the sanctuaries of the LORD's house.	
Jeremiah 51:57	And I will make drunk her princes, and her wise men, her captains, and her rulers, and her mighty men: and they shall sleep a perpetual sleep, and not wake, saith the King, whose name is the LORD of hosts.	
Jeremiah 51:61	And Jeremiah said to Seraiah, When thou comest to Babylon, and shalt see, and shalt read all these words;	
Jeremiah 51:8	Babylon is suddenly fallen and destroyed: howl for her; take balm for her pain, if so be she may be healed.	
Jeremiah 52:12	Now in the fifth month, in the tenth day of the month, which was the nineteenth year of Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon, came Nebuzaradan, captain of the guard, which served the king of Babylon, into Jerusalem,	
Jeremiah 52:17	Also the pillars of brass that were in the house of the LORD, and the bases, and the brasen sea that was in the house of the LORD, the Chaldeans brake, and carried all the brass of them to Babylon.	
Jeremiah 52:25	He took also out of the city an eunuch, which had the charge of the men of war; and seven men of them that were near the king's person, which were found in the city; and the principal scribe of the host, who mustered the people of the land; and threescore men of the people of the land, that were found in the midst of the city.	
Jeremiah 52:28	This is the people whom Nebuchadrezzar carried away captive: in the seventh year three thousand Jews and three and twenty:	
Jeremiah 52:29	In the eighteenth year of Nebuchadrezzar he carried away captive from Jerusalem eight hundred thirty and two persons:	
Jeremiah 52:33	And changed his prison garments: and he did continually eat bread before him all the days of his life.	
Jeremiah 52:34	And for his diet, there was a continual diet given him of the king of Babylon, every day a portion until the day of his death, all the days of his life.	
Jeremiah 52:6	And in the fourth month, in the ninth day of the month, the famine was sore in the city, so that there was no bread for the people of the land.	
Jeremiah 52:8	But the army of the Chaldeans pursued after the king, and overtook Zedekiah in the plains of Jericho; and all his army was scattered from him.	
Jeremiah 52:9	Then they took the king, and carried him up unto the king of Babylon to Riblah in the land of Hamath; where he gave judgment upon him.	
Jeremiah 5:10	Go ye up upon her walls, and destroy; but make not a full end: take away her battlements; for they are not the LORD's.	
Jeremiah 5:15	Lo, I will bring a nation upon you from far, O house of Israel, saith the LORD: it is a mighty nation, it is an ancient nation, a nation whose language thou knowest not, neither understandest what they say.	
Jeremiah 5:18	Nevertheless in those days, saith the LORD, I will not make a full end with you.	
Jeremiah 5:19	And it shall come to pass, when ye shall say, Wherefore doeth the LORD our God all these things unto us? then shalt thou answer them, Like as ye have forsaken me, and served strange gods in your land, so shall ye serve strangers in a land that is not your's.	
Jeremiah 5:23	But this people hath a revolting and a rebellious heart; they are revolted and gone.	
Jeremiah 5:26	For among my people are found wicked men: they lay wait, as he that setteth snares; they set a trap, they catch men.	
Jeremiah 5:27	As a cage is full of birds, so are their houses full of deceit: therefore they are become great, and waxen rich.	
Jeremiah 5:29	Shall I not visit for these things? saith the LORD: shall not my soul be avenged on such a nation as this?	
Jeremiah 5:31	The prophets prophesy falsely, and the priests bear rule by their means; and my people love to have it so: and what will ye do in the end thereof?	
Jeremiah 5:4	Therefore I said, Surely these are poor; they are foolish: for they know not the way of the LORD, nor the judgment of their God.	
Jeremiah 5:5	I will get me unto the great men, and will speak unto them; for they have known the way of the LORD, and the judgment of their God: but these have altogether broken the yoke, and burst the bonds.	
Jeremiah 5:6	Wherefore a lion out of the forest shall slay them, and a wolf of the evenings shall spoil them, a leopard shall watch over their cities: every one that goeth out thence shall be torn in pieces: because their transgressions are many, and their backslidings are increased.	
Jeremiah 5:8	They were as fed horses in the morning: every one neighed after his neighbour's wife.	
Jeremiah 6:11	Therefore I am full of the fury of the LORD; I am weary with holding in: I will pour it out upon the children abroad, and upon the assembly of young men together: for even the husband with the wife shall be taken, the aged with him that is full of days.	
Jeremiah 6:14	They have healed also the hurt of the daughter of my people slightly, saying, Peace, peace; when there is no peace.	
Jeremiah 6:17	Also I set watchmen over you, saying, Hearken to the sound of the trumpet. But they said, We will not hearken.	
Jeremiah 6:18	Therefore hear, ye nations, and know, O congregation, what is among them.	
Jeremiah 6:19	Hear, O earth: behold, I will bring evil upon this people, even the fruit of their thoughts, because they have not hearkened unto my words, nor to my law, but rejected it.	
Jeremiah 6:2	I have likened the daughter of Zion to a comely and delicate woman.	
Jeremiah 6:21	Therefore thus saith the LORD, Behold, I will lay stumblingblocks before this people, and the fathers and the sons together shall fall upon them; the neighbour and his friend shall perish.	
Jeremiah 6:26	O daughter of my people, gird thee with sackcloth, and wallow thyself in ashes: make thee mourning, as for an only son, most bitter lamentation: for the spoiler shall suddenly come upon us.	
Jeremiah 6:27	I have set thee for a tower and a fortress among my people, that thou mayest know and try their way.	
Jeremiah 6:29	The bellows are burned, the lead is consumed of the fire; the founder melteth in vain: for the wicked are not plucked away.	
Jeremiah 6:9	Thus saith the LORD of hosts, They shall throughly glean the remnant of Israel as a vine: turn back thine hand as a grapegatherer into the baskets.	
Jeremiah 7:13	And now, because ye have done all these works, saith the LORD, and I spake unto you, rising up early and speaking, but ye heard not; and I called you, but ye answered not;	
Jeremiah 7:17	Seest thou not what they do in the cities of Judah and in the streets of Jerusalem?	
Jeremiah 7:19	Do they provoke me to anger? saith the LORD: do they not provoke themselves to the confusion of their own faces?	
Jeremiah 7:23	But this thing commanded I them, saying, Obey my voice, and I will be your God, and ye shall be my people: and walk ye in all the ways that I have commanded you, that it may be well unto you.	
Jeremiah 7:26	Yet they hearkened not unto me, nor inclined their ear, but hardened their neck: they did worse than their fathers.	
Jeremiah 7:3	Thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel, Amend your ways and your doings, and I will cause you to dwell in this place.	
Jeremiah 7:4	Trust ye not in lying words, saying, The temple of the LORD, The temple of the LORD, The temple of the LORD, are these.	
Jeremiah 7:7	Then will I cause you to dwell in this place, in the land that I gave to your fathers, for ever and ever.	
Jeremiah 7:8	Behold, ye trust in lying words, that cannot profit.	
Jeremiah 8:13	I will surely consume them, saith the LORD: there shall be no grapes on the vine, nor figs on the fig tree, and the leaf shall fade; and the things that I have given them shall pass away from them.	
Jeremiah 8:14	Why do we sit still? assemble yourselves, and let us enter into the defenced cities, and let us be silent there: for the LORD our God hath put us to silence, and given us water of gall to drink, because we have sinned against the LORD.	
Jeremiah 8:17	For, behold, I will send serpents, cockatrices, among you, which will not be charmed, and they shall bite you, saith the LORD.	
Jeremiah 8:22	Is there no balm in Gilead; is there no physician there? why then is not the health of the daughter of my people recovered?	
Jeremiah 8:7	Yea, the stork in the heaven knoweth her appointed times; and the turtle and the crane and the swallow observe the time of their coming; but my people know not the judgment of the LORD.	
Jeremiah 9:10	For the mountains will I take up a weeping and wailing, and for the habitations of the wilderness a lamentation, because they are burned up, so that none can pass through them; neither can men hear the voice of the cattle; both the fowl of the heavens and the beast are fled; they are gone.	
Jeremiah 9:11	And I will make Jerusalem heaps, and a den of dragons; and I will make the cities of Judah desolate, without an inhabitant.	
Jeremiah 9:12	Who is the wise man, that may understand this? and who is he to whom the mouth of the LORD hath spoken, that he may declare it, for what the land perisheth and is burned up like a wilderness, that none passeth through?	
Jeremiah 9:15	Therefore thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; Behold, I will feed them, even this people, with wormwood, and give them water of gall to drink.	
Jeremiah 9:18	And let them make haste, and take up a wailing for us, that our eyes may run down with tears, and our eyelids gush out with waters.	
Jeremiah 9:23	Thus saith the LORD, Let not the wise man glory in his wisdom, neither let the mighty man glory in his might, let not the rich man glory in his riches:	
Jeremiah 9:26	Egypt, and Judah, and Edom, and the children of Ammon, and Moab, and all that are in the utmost corners, that dwell in the wilderness: for all these nations are uncircumcised, and all the house of Israel are uncircumcised in the heart.	
Jeremiah 9:3	And they bend their tongues like their bow for lies: but they are not valiant for the truth upon the earth; for they proceed from evil to evil, and they know not me, saith the LORD.	
Jeremiah 9:9	Shall I not visit them for these things? saith the LORD: shall not my soul be avenged on such a nation as this?	
Job 10:14	If I sin, then thou markest me, and thou wilt not acquit me from mine iniquity.	
Job 10:18	Wherefore then hast thou brought me forth out of the womb? Oh that I had given up the ghost, and no eye had seen me!	
Job 10:22	A land of darkness, as darkness itself; and of the shadow of death, without any order, and where the light is as darkness.	
Job 10:3	Is it good unto thee that thou shouldest oppress, that thou shouldest despise the work of thine hands, and shine upon the counsel of the wicked?	
Job 10:5	Are thy days as the days of man? are thy years as man's days,	
Job 10:8	Thine hands have made me and fashioned me together round about; yet thou dost destroy me.	
Job 10:9	Remember, I beseech thee, that thou hast made me as the clay; and wilt thou bring me into dust again?	
Job 11:1	Then answered Zophar the Naamathite, and said,	
Job 11:11	For he knoweth vain men: he seeth wickedness also; will he not then consider it?	
Job 11:4	For thou hast said, My doctrine is pure, and I am clean in thine eyes.	
Job 11:5	But oh that God would speak, and open his lips against thee;	
Job 12:14	Behold, he breaketh down, and it cannot be built again: he shutteth up a man, and there can be no opening.	
Job 12:15	Behold, he withholdeth the waters, and they dry up: also he sendeth them out, and they overturn the earth.	
Job 12:19	He leadeth princes away spoiled, and overthroweth the mighty.	
Job 12:2	No doubt but ye are the people, and wisdom shall die with you.	
Job 12:20	He removeth away the speech of the trusty, and taketh away the understanding of the aged.	
Job 12:23	He increaseth the nations, and destroyeth them: he enlargeth the nations, and straiteneth them again.	
Job 12:25	They grope in the dark without light, and he maketh them to stagger like a drunken man.	
Job 12:3	But I have understanding as well as you; I am not inferior to you: yea, who knoweth not such things as these?	
Job 13:13	Hold your peace, let me alone, that I may speak, and let come on me what will.	
Job 13:16	He also shall be my salvation: for an hypocrite shall not come before him.	
Job 13:19	Who is he that will plead with me? for now, if I hold my tongue, I shall give up the ghost.	
Job 13:21	Withdraw thine hand far from me: and let not thy dread make me afraid.	
Job 13:24	Wherefore hidest thou thy face, and holdest me for thine enemy?	
Job 13:28	And he, as a rotten thing, consumeth, as a garment that is moth eaten.	
Job 13:4	But ye are forgers of lies, ye are all physicians of no value.	
Job 13:5	O that ye would altogether hold your peace! and it should be your wisdom.	
Job 13:7	Will ye speak wickedly for God? and talk deceitfully for him?	
Job 14:12	So man lieth down, and riseth not: till the heavens be no more, they shall not awake, nor be raised out of their sleep.	
Job 14:13	O that thou wouldest hide me in the grave, that thou wouldest keep me secret, until thy wrath be past, that thou wouldest appoint me a set time, and remember me!	
Job 14:14	If a man die, shall he live again? all the days of my appointed time will I wait, till my change come.	
Job 14:16	For now thou numberest my steps: dost thou not watch over my sin?	
Job 14:17	My transgression is sealed up in a bag, and thou sewest up mine iniquity.	
Job 14:21	His sons come to honour, and he knoweth it not; and they are brought low, but he perceiveth it not of them.	
Job 14:3	And doth thou open thine eyes upon such an one, and bringest me into judgment with thee?	
Job 14:8	Though the root thereof wax old in the earth, and the stock thereof die in the ground;	
Job 14:9	Yet through the scent of water it will bud, and bring forth boughs like a plant.	
Job 15:1	Then answered Eliphaz the Temanite, and said,	
Job 15:21	A dreadful sound is in his ears: in prosperity the destroyer shall come upon him.	
Job 15:23	He wandereth abroad for bread, saying, Where is it? he knoweth that the day of darkness is ready at his hand.	
Job 15:24	Trouble and anguish shall make him afraid; they shall prevail against him, as a king ready to the battle.	
Job 15:26	He runneth upon him, even on his neck, upon the thick bosses of his bucklers:	
Job 15:27	Because he covereth his face with his fatness, and maketh collops of fat on his flanks.	
Job 15:30	He shall not depart out of darkness; the flame shall dry up his branches, and by the breath of his mouth shall he go away.	
Job 15:34	For the congregation of hypocrites shall be desolate, and fire shall consume the tabernacles of bribery.	
Job 15:4	Yea, thou castest off fear, and restrainest prayer before God.	
Job 16:10	They have gaped upon me with their mouth; they have smitten me upon the cheek reproachfully; they have gathered themselves together against me.	
Job 16:16	My face is foul with weeping, and on my eyelids is the shadow of death;	
Job 16:2	I have heard many such things: miserable comforters are ye all.	
Job 16:22	When a few years are come, then I shall go the way whence I shall not return.	
Job 16:3	Shall vain words have an end? or what emboldeneth thee that thou answerest?	
Job 16:4	I also could speak as ye do: if your soul were in my soul's stead, I could heap up words against you, and shake mine head at you.	
Job 16:5	But I would strengthen you with my mouth, and the moving of my lips should asswage your grief.	
Job 16:6	Though I speak, my grief is not asswaged: and though I forbear, what am I eased?	
Job 17:10	But as for you all, do ye return, and come now: for I cannot find one wise man among you.	
Job 17:11	My days are past, my purposes are broken off, even the thoughts of my heart.	
Job 17:13	If I wait, the grave is mine house: I have made my bed in the darkness.	
Job 17:14	I have said to corruption, Thou art my father: to the worm, Thou art my mother, and my sister.	
Job 17:5	He that speaketh flattery to his friends, even the eyes of his children shall fail.	
Job 17:6	He hath made me also a byword of the people; and aforetime I was as a tabret.	
Job 18:11	Terrors shall make him afraid on every side, and shall drive him to his feet.	
Job 18:12	His strength shall be hungerbitten, and destruction shall be ready at his side.	
Job 19:1	Then Job answered and said,	
Job 19:14	My kinsfolk have failed, and my familiar friends have forgotten me.	
Job 19:15	They that dwell in mine house, and my maids, count me for a stranger: I am an alien in their sight.	
Job 19:22	Why do ye persecute me as God, and are not satisfied with my flesh?	
Job 19:23	Oh that my words were now written! oh that they were printed in a book!	
Job 19:4	And be it indeed that I have erred, mine error remaineth with myself.	
Job 19:5	If indeed ye will magnify yourselves against me, and plead against me my reproach:	
Job 1:10	Hast not thou made an hedge about him, and about his house, and about all that he hath on every side? thou hast blessed the work of his hands, and his substance is increased in the land.	
Job 1:11	But put forth thine hand now, and touch all that he hath, and he will curse thee to thy face.	
Job 1:12	And the LORD said unto Satan, Behold, all that he hath is in thy power; only upon himself put not forth thine hand. So Satan went forth from the presence of the LORD.	
Job 1:17	While he was yet speaking, there came also another, and said, The Chaldeans made out three bands, and fell upon the camels, and have carried them away, yea, and slain the servants with the edge of the sword; and I only am escaped alone to tell thee.	
Job 1:2	And there were born unto him seven sons and three daughters.	
Job 1:22	In all this Job sinned not, nor charged God foolishly.	
Job 1:4	And his sons went and feasted in their houses, every one his day; and sent and called for their three sisters to eat and to drink with them.	
Job 1:6	Now there was a day when the sons of God came to present themselves before the LORD, and Satan came also among them.	
Job 1:9	Then Satan answered the LORD, and said, Doth Job fear God for nought?	
Job 20:14	Yet his meat in his bowels is turned, it is the gall of asps within him.	
Job 20:23	When he is about to fill his belly, God shall cast the fury of his wrath upon him, and shall rain it upon him while he is eating.	
Job 20:25	It is drawn, and cometh out of the body; yea, the glittering sword cometh out of his gall: terrors are upon him.	
Job 20:26	All darkness shall be hid in his secret places: a fire not blown shall consume him; it shall go ill with him that is left in his tabernacle.	
Job 20:27	The heaven shall reveal his iniquity; and the earth shall rise up against him.	
Job 20:29	This is the portion of a wicked man from God, and the heritage appointed unto him by God.	
Job 20:4	Knowest thou not this of old, since man was placed upon earth,	
Job 20:5	That the triumphing of the wicked is short, and the joy of the hypocrite but for a moment?	
Job 21:10	Their bull gendereth, and faileth not; their cow calveth, and casteth not her calf.	
Job 21:19	God layeth up his iniquity for his children: he rewardeth him, and he shall know it.	
Job 21:2	Hear diligently my speech, and let this be your consolations.	
Job 21:21	For what pleasure hath he in his house after him, when the number of his months is cut off in the midst?	
Job 21:22	Shall any teach God knowledge? seeing he judgeth those that are high.	
Job 21:24	His breasts are full of milk, and his bones are moistened with marrow.	
Job 21:25	And another dieth in the bitterness of his soul, and never eateth with pleasure.	
Job 21:28	For ye say, Where is the house of the prince? and where are the dwelling places of the wicked?	
Job 21:29	Have ye not asked them that go by the way? and do ye not know their tokens,	
Job 21:5	Mark me, and be astonished, and lay your hand upon your mouth.	
Job 21:8	Their seed is established in their sight with them, and their offspring before their eyes.	
Job 21:9	Their houses are safe from fear, neither is the rod of God upon them.	
Job 22:10	Therefore snares are round about thee, and sudden fear troubleth thee;	
Job 22:16	Which were cut down out of time, whose foundation was overflown with a flood:	
Job 22:18	Yet he filled their houses with good things: but the counsel of the wicked is far from me.	
Job 22:6	For thou hast taken a pledge from thy brother for nought, and stripped the naked of their clothing.	
Job 22:8	But as for the mighty man, he had the earth; and the honourable man dwelt in it.	
Job 23:11	My foot hath held his steps, his way have I kept, and not declined.	
Job 23:5	I would know the words which he would answer me, and understand what he would say unto me.	
Job 23:6	Will he plead against me with his great power? No; but he would put strength in me.	
Job 24:16	In the dark they dig through houses, which they had marked for themselves in the daytime: they know not the light.	
Job 24:18	He is swift as the waters; their portion is cursed in the earth: he beholdeth not the way of the vineyards.	
Job 24:2	Some remove the landmarks; they violently take away flocks, and feed thereof.	
Job 24:20	The womb shall forget him; the worm shall feed sweetly on him; he shall be no more remembered; and wickedness shall be broken as a tree.	
Job 24:25	And if it be not so now, who will make me a liar, and make my speech nothing worth?	
Job 24:3	They drive away the ass of the fatherless, they take the widow's ox for a pledge.	
Job 26:1	But Job answered and said,	
Job 27:20	Terrors take hold on him as waters, a tempest stealeth him away in the night.	
Job 27:21	The east wind carrieth him away, and he departeth: and as a storm hurleth him out of his place.	
Job 27:22	For God shall cast upon him, and not spare: he would fain flee out of his hand.	
Job 27:3	All the while my breath is in me, and the spirit of God is in my nostrils;	
Job 27:5	God forbid that I should justify you: till I die I will not remove mine integrity from me.	
Job 27:6	My righteousness I hold fast, and will not let it go: my heart shall not reproach me so long as I live.	
Job 27:9	Will God hear his cry when trouble cometh upon him?	
Job 28:11	He bindeth the floods from overflowing; and the thing that is hid bringeth he forth to light.	
Job 28:16	It cannot be valued with the gold of Ophir, with the precious onyx, or the sapphire.	
Job 28:22	Destruction and death say, We have heard the fame thereof with our ears.	
Job 28:26	When he made a decree for the rain, and a way for the lightning of the thunder:	
Job 28:28	And unto man he said, Behold, the fear of the LORD, that is wisdom; and to depart from evil is understanding.	
Job 28:4	The flood breaketh out from the inhabitant; even the waters forgotten of the foot: they are dried up, they are gone away from men.	
Job 28:9	He putteth forth his hand upon the rock; he overturneth the mountains by the roots.	
Job 29:1	Moreover Job continued his parable, and said,	
Job 29:10	The nobles held their peace, and their tongue cleaved to the roof of their mouth.	
Job 29:13	The blessing of him that was ready to perish came upon me: and I caused the widow's heart to sing for joy.	
Job 29:21	Unto me men gave ear, and waited, and kept silence at my counsel.	
Job 29:3	When his candle shined upon my head, and when by his light I walked through darkness;	
Job 2:10	But he said unto her, Thou speakest as one of the foolish women speaketh. What? shall we receive good at the hand of God, and shall we not receive evil? In all this did not Job sin with his lips.	
Job 2:11	Now when Job's three friends heard of all this evil that was come upon him, they came every one from his own place; Eliphaz the Temanite, and Bildad the Shuhite, and Zophar the Naamathite: for they had made an appointment together to come to mourn with him and to comfort him.	
Job 2:4	And Satan answered the LORD, and said, Skin for skin, yea, all that a man hath will he give for his life.	
Job 2:7	So went Satan forth from the presence of the LORD, and smote Job with sore boils from the sole of his foot unto his crown.	
Job 2:9	Then said his wife unto him, Dost thou still retain thine integrity? curse God, and die.	
Job 30:1	But now they that are younger than I have me in derision, whose fathers I would have disdained to have set with the dogs of my flock.	
Job 30:11	Because he hath loosed my cord, and afflicted me, they have also let loose the bridle before me.	
Job 30:2	Yea, whereto might the strength of their hands profit me, in whom old age was perished?	
Job 30:25	Did not I weep for him that was in trouble? was not my soul grieved for the poor?	
Job 30:30	My skin is black upon me, and my bones are burned with heat.	
Job 30:4	Who cut up mallows by the bushes, and juniper roots for their meat.	
Job 30:8	They were children of fools, yea, children of base men: they were viler than the earth.	
Job 31:12	For it is a fire that consumeth to destruction, and would root out all mine increase.	
Job 31:15	Did not he that made me in the womb make him? and did not one fashion us in the womb?	
Job 31:16	If I have withheld the poor from their desire, or have caused the eyes of the widow to fail;	
Job 31:20	If his loins have not blessed me, and if he were not warmed with the fleece of my sheep;	
Job 31:25	If I rejoice because my wealth was great, and because mine hand had gotten much;	
Job 31:26	If I beheld the sun when it shined, or the moon walking in brightness;	
Job 31:30	Neither have I suffered my mouth to sin by wishing a curse to his soul.	
Job 31:33	If I covered my transgressions as Adam, by hiding mine iniquity in my bosom:	
Job 31:40	Let thistles grow instead of wheat, and cockle instead of barley. The words of Job are ended.	
Job 31:5	If I have walked with vanity, or if my foot hath hasted to deceit;	
Job 32:13	Lest ye should say, We have found out wisdom: God thrusteth him down, not man.	
Job 32:18	For I am full of matter, the spirit within me constraineth me.	
Job 32:2	Then was kindled the wrath of Elihu the son of Barachel the Buzite, of the kindred of Ram: against Job was his wrath kindled, because he justified himself rather than God.	
Job 32:22	For I know not to give flattering titles; in so doing my maker would soon take me away.	
Job 33:11	He putteth my feet in the stocks, he marketh all my paths.	
Job 33:16	Then he openeth the ears of men, and sealeth their instruction,	
Job 33:19	He is chastened also with pain upon his bed, and the multitude of his bones with strong pain:	
Job 33:20	So that his life abhorreth bread, and his soul dainty meat.	
Job 33:33	If not, hearken unto me: hold thy peace, and I shall teach thee wisdom.	
Job 33:5	If thou canst answer me, set thy words in order before me, stand up.	
Job 33:6	Behold, I am according to thy wish in God's stead: I also am formed out of the clay.	
Job 34:10	Therefore hearken unto me ye men of understanding: far be it from God, that he should do wickedness; and from the Almighty, that he should commit iniquity.	
Job 34:22	There is no darkness, nor shadow of death, where the workers of iniquity may hide themselves.	
Job 34:27	Because they turned back from him, and would not consider any of his ways:	
Job 34:29	When he giveth quietness, who then can make trouble? and when he hideth his face, who then can behold him? whether it be done against a nation, or against a man only:	
Job 34:30	That the hypocrite reign not, lest the people be ensnared.	
Job 34:31	Surely it is meet to be said unto God, I have borne chastisement, I will not offend any more:	
Job 34:5	For Job hath said, I am righteous: and God hath taken away my judgment.	
Job 34:7	What man is like Job, who drinketh up scorning like water?	
Job 34:8	Which goeth in company with the workers of iniquity, and walketh with wicked men.	
Job 35:10	But none saith, Where is God my maker, who giveth songs in the night;	
Job 35:11	Who teacheth us more than the beasts of the earth, and maketh us wiser than the fowls of heaven?	
Job 35:12	There they cry, but none giveth answer, because of the pride of evil men.	
Job 35:15	But now, because it is not so, he hath visited in his anger; yet he knoweth it not in great extremity:	
Job 36:10	He openeth also their ear to discipline, and commandeth that they return from iniquity.	
Job 36:14	They die in youth, and their life is among the unclean.	
Job 36:2	Suffer me a little, and I will shew thee that I have yet to speak on God's behalf.	
Job 36:21	Take heed, regard not iniquity: for this hast thou chosen rather than affliction.	
Job 36:22	Behold, God exalteth by his power: who teacheth like him?	
Job 36:23	Who hath enjoined him his way? or who can say, Thou hast wrought iniquity?	
Job 36:25	Every man may see it; man may behold it afar off.	
Job 36:27	For he maketh small the drops of water: they pour down rain according to the vapour thereof:	
Job 36:30	Behold, he spreadeth his light upon it, and covereth the bottom of the sea.	
Job 36:4	For truly my words shall not be false: he that is perfect in knowledge is with thee.	
Job 36:5	Behold, God is mighty, and despiseth not any: he is mighty in strength and wisdom.	
Job 37:1	At this also my heart trembleth, and is moved out of his place.	
Job 37:10	By the breath of God frost is given: and the breadth of the waters is straitened.	
Job 37:14	Hearken unto this, O Job: stand still, and consider the wondrous works of God.	
Job 37:15	Dost thou know when God disposed them, and caused the light of his cloud to shine?	
Job 37:17	How thy garments are warm, when he quieteth the earth by the south wind?	
Job 37:2	Hear attentively the noise of his voice, and the sound that goeth out of his mouth.	
Job 37:23	Touching the Almighty, we cannot find him out: he is excellent in power, and in judgment, and in plenty of justice: he will not afflict.	
Job 37:24	Men do therefore fear him: he respecteth not any that are wise of heart.	
Job 37:6	For he saith to the snow, Be thou on the earth; likewise to the small rain, and to the great rain of his strength.	
Job 38:11	And said, Hitherto shalt thou come, but no further: and here shall thy proud waves be stayed?	
Job 38:12	Hast thou commanded the morning since thy days; and caused the dayspring to know his place;	
Job 38:14	It is turned as clay to the seal; and they stand as a garment.	
Job 38:23	Which I have reserved against the time of trouble, against the day of battle and war?	
Job 38:24	By what way is the light parted, which scattereth the east wind upon the earth?	
Job 38:26	To cause it to rain on the earth, where no man is; on the wilderness, wherein there is no man;	
Job 38:28	Hath the rain a father? or who hath begotten the drops of dew?	
Job 38:32	Canst thou bring forth Mazzaroth in his season? or canst thou guide Arcturus with his sons?	
Job 38:41	Who provideth for the raven his food? when his young ones cry unto God, they wander for lack of meat.	
Job 39:2	Canst thou number the months that they fulfil? or knowest thou the time when they bring forth?	
Job 39:26	Doth the hawk fly by thy wisdom, and stretch her wings toward the south?	
Job 3:1	After this opened Job his mouth, and cursed his day.	
Job 3:15	Or with princes that had gold, who filled their houses with silver:	
Job 3:21	Which long for death, but it cometh not; and dig for it more than for hid treasures;	
Job 3:25	For the thing which I greatly feared is come upon me, and that which I was afraid of is come unto me.	
Job 3:4	Let that day be darkness; let not God regard it from above, neither let the light shine upon it.|	
Job 40:11	Cast abroad the rage of thy wrath: and behold every one that is proud, and abase him.	
Job 40:12	Look on every one that is proud, and bring him low; and tread down the wicked in their place.	
Job 40:13	Hide them in the dust together; and bind their faces in secret.	
Job 40:14	Then will I also confess unto thee that thine own right hand can save thee.	
Job 40:16	Lo now, his strength is in his loins, and his force is in the navel of his belly.	
Job 40:2	Shall he that contendeth with the Almighty instruct him? he that reproveth God, let him answer it.	
Job 40:23	Behold, he drinketh up a river, and hasteth not: he trusteth that he can draw up Jordan into his mouth.	
Job 40:4	Behold, I am vile; what shall I answer thee? I will lay mine hand upon my mouth.	
Job 40:5	Once have I spoken; but I will not answer: yea, twice; but I will proceed no further.	
Job 40:8	Wilt thou also disannul my judgment? wilt thou condemn me, that thou mayest be righteous?	
Job 41:10	None is so fierce that dare stir him up: who then is able to stand before me?	
Job 41:11	Who hath prevented me, that I should repay him? whatsoever is under the whole heaven is mine.	
Job 41:18	By his neesings a light doth shine, and his eyes are like the eyelids of the morning.	
Job 41:20	Out of his nostrils goeth smoke, as out of a seething pot or caldron.	
Job 41:23	The flakes of his flesh are joined together: they are firm in themselves; they cannot be moved.	
Job 41:26	The sword of him that layeth at him cannot hold: the spear, the dart, nor the habergeon.	
Job 41:33	Upon earth there is not his like, who is made without fear.	
Job 42:16	After this lived Job an hundred and forty years, and saw his sons, and his sons' sons, even four generations.	
Job 42:3	Who is he that hideth counsel without knowledge? therefore have I uttered that I understood not; things too wonderful for me, which I knew not.	
Job 4:16	It stood still, but I could not discern the form thereof: an image was before mine eyes, there was silence, and I heard a voice, saying,	
Job 4:20	They are destroyed from morning to evening: they perish for ever without any regarding it.	
Job 5:10	Who giveth rain upon the earth, and sendeth waters upon the fields:	
Job 5:11	To set up on high those that be low; that those which mourn may be exalted to safety.	
Job 5:12	He disappointeth the devices of the crafty, so that their hands cannot perform their enterprise.	
Job 5:16	So the poor hath hope, and iniquity stoppeth her mouth.	
Job 5:17	Behold, happy is the man whom God correcteth: therefore despise not thou the chastening of the Almighty:	
Job 5:27	Lo this, we have searched it, so it is; hear it, and know thou it for thy good.	
Job 5:3	I have seen the foolish taking root: but suddenly I cursed his habitation.	
Job 5:6	Although affliction cometh not forth of the dust, neither doth trouble spring out of the ground;	
Job 5:9	Which doeth great things and unsearchable; marvellous things without number:	
Job 6:10	Then should I yet have comfort; yea, I would harden myself in sorrow: let him not spare; for I have not concealed the words of the Holy One.	
Job 6:2	Oh that my grief were throughly weighed, and my calamity laid in the balances together!	
Job 6:21	For now ye are nothing; ye see my casting down, and are afraid.	
Job 6:23	Or, Deliver me from the enemy's hand? or, Redeem me from the hand of the mighty?	
Job 6:24	Teach me, and I will hold my tongue: and cause me to understand wherein I have erred.	
Job 6:28	Now therefore be content, look upon me; for it is evident unto you if I lie.	
Job 6:3	For now it would be heavier than the sand of the sea: therefore my words are swallowed up.	
Job 6:8	Oh that I might have my request; and that God would grant me the thing that I long for!	
Job 6:9	Even that it would please God to destroy me; that he would let loose his hand, and cut me off!	
Job 7:1	Is there not an appointed time to man upon earth? are not his days also like the days of an hireling?	
Job 7:11	Therefore I will not refrain my mouth; I will speak in the anguish of my spirit; I will complain in the bitterness of my soul.	
Job 7:12	Am I a sea, or a whale, that thou settest a watch over me?	
Job 7:6	My days are swifter than a weaver's shuttle, and are spent without hope.	
Job 7:9	As the cloud is consumed and vanisheth away: so he that goeth down to the grave shall come up no more.	
Job 8:1	Then answered Bildad the Shuhite, and said,	
Job 8:22	They that hate thee shall be clothed with shame; and the dwelling place of the wicked shall come to nought.	
Job 8:4	If thy children have sinned against him, and he have cast them away for their transgression;	
Job 8:6	If thou wert pure and upright; surely now he would awake for thee, and make the habitation of thy righteousness prosperous.	
Job 8:8	For enquire, I pray thee, of the former age, and prepare thyself to the search of their fathers:	
Job 9:10	Which doeth great things past finding out; yea, and wonders without number.	
Job 9:14	How much less shall I answer him, and choose out my words to reason with him?	
Job 9:15	Whom, though I were righteous, yet would I not answer, but I would make supplication to my judge.	
Job 9:16	If I had called, and he had answered me; yet would I not believe that he had hearkened unto my voice.	
Job 9:21	Though I were perfect, yet would I not know my soul: I would despise my life.	
Job 9:25	Now my days are swifter than a post: they flee away, they see no good.	
Job 9:31	Yet shalt thou plunge me in the ditch, and mine own clothes shall abhor me.	
Job 9:33	Neither is there any daysman betwixt us, that might lay his hand upon us both.	
Job 9:5	Which removeth the mountains, and they know not: which overturneth them in his anger.	
Joel 1:12	The vine is dried up, and the fig tree languisheth; the pomegranate tree, the palm tree also, and the apple tree, even all the trees of the field, are withered: because joy is withered away from the sons of men.	
Joel 1:13	Gird yourselves, and lament, ye priests: howl, ye ministers of the altar: come, lie all night in sackcloth, ye ministers of my God: for the meat offering and the drink offering is withholden from the house of your God.	
Joel 1:15	Alas for the day! for the day of the LORD is at hand, and as a destruction from the Almighty shall it come.	
Joel 1:16	Is not the meat cut off before our eyes, yea, joy and gladness from the house of our God?	
Joel 1:17	The seed is rotten under their clods, the garners are laid desolate, the barns are broken down; for the corn is withered.	
Joel 1:19	O LORD, to thee will I cry: for the fire hath devoured the pastures of the wilderness, and the flame hath burned all the trees of the field.	
Joel 1:20	The beasts of the field cry also unto thee: for the rivers of waters are dried up, and the fire hath devoured the pastures of the wilderness.	
Joel 1:7	He hath laid my vine waste, and barked my fig tree: he hath made it clean bare, and cast it away; the branches thereof are made white.	
Joel 2:16	Gather the people, sanctify the congregation, assemble the elders, gather the children, and those that suck the breasts: let the bridegroom go forth of his chamber, and the bride out of her closet.	
Joel 2:3	A fire devoureth before them; and behind them a flame burneth: the land is as the garden of Eden before them, and behind them a desolate wilderness; yea, and nothing shall escape them.	
Joel 2:6	Before their face the people shall be much pained: all faces shall gather blackness.	
Joel 2:8	Neither shall one thrust another; they shall walk every one in his path: and when they fall upon the sword, they shall not be wounded.	
Joel 3:1	For, behold, in those days, and in that time, when I shall bring again the captivity of Judah and Jerusalem,	
Joel 3:10	Beat your plowshares into swords and your pruninghooks into spears: let the weak say, I am strong.	
Joel 3:11	Assemble yourselves, and come, all ye heathen, and gather yourselves together round about: thither cause thy mighty ones to come down, O LORD.	
Joel 3:14	Multitudes, multitudes in the valley of decision: for the day of the LORD is near in the valley of decision.	
Joel 3:2	I will also gather all nations, and will bring them down into the valley of Jehoshaphat, and will plead with them there for my people and for my heritage Israel, whom they have scattered among the nations, and parted my land.	
Joel 3:20	But Judah shall dwell for ever, and Jerusalem from generation to generation.	
Joel 3:7	Behold, I will raise them out of the place whither ye have sold them, and will return your recompence upon your own head:	
John 10:11	I am the good shepherd: the good shepherd giveth his life for the sheep.	
John 10:15	As the Father knoweth me, even so know I the Father: and I lay down my life for the sheep.	
John 10:17	Therefore doth my Father love me, because I lay down my life, that I might take it again.	
John 10:21	Others said, These are not the words of him that hath a devil. Can a devil open the eyes of the blind?	
John 10:23	And Jesus walked in the temple in Solomon's porch.	
John 10:25	Jesus answered them, I told you, and ye believed not: the works that I do in my Father's name, they bear witness of me.	
John 10:31	Then the Jews took up stones again to stone him.	
John 10:33	The Jews answered him, saying, For a good work we stone thee not; but for blasphemy; and because that thou, being a man, makest thyself God.	
John 10:34	Jesus answered them, Is it not written in your law, I said, Ye are gods?	
John 10:4	And when he putteth forth his own sheep, he goeth before them, and the sheep follow him: for they know his voice.	
John 10:42	And many believed on him there.	
John 10:7	Then said Jesus unto them again, Verily, verily, I say unto you, I am the door of the sheep.	
John 11:13	Howbeit Jesus spake of his death: but they thought that he had spoken of taking of rest in sleep.	
John 11:15	And I am glad for your sakes that I was not there, to the intent ye may believe; nevertheless let us go unto him.	
John 11:19	And many of the Jews came to Martha and Mary, to comfort them concerning their brother.	
John 11:2	(It was that Mary which anointed the Lord with ointment, and wiped his feet with her hair, whose brother Lazarus was sick.)	
John 11:24	Martha saith unto him, I know that he shall rise again in the resurrection at the last day.	
John 11:27	She saith unto him, Yea, Lord: I believe that thou art the Christ, the Son of God, which should come into the world.	
John 11:29	As soon as she heard that, she arose quickly, and came unto him.	
John 11:37	And some of them said, Could not this man, which opened the eyes of the blind, have caused that even this man should not have died?	
John 11:43	And when he thus had spoken, he cried with a loud voice, Lazarus, come forth.	
John 11:47	Then gathered the chief priests and the Pharisees a council, and said, What do we? for this man doeth many miracles.	
John 11:49	And one of them, named Caiaphas, being the high priest that same year, said unto them, Ye know nothing at all,	
John 11:50	Nor consider that it is expedient for us, that one man should die for the people, and that the whole nation perish not.	
John 11:57	Now both the chief priests and the Pharisees had given a commandment, that, if any man knew where he were, he should shew it, that they might take him.	
John 12:1	Then Jesus six days before the passover came to Bethany, where Lazarus was, which had been dead, whom he raised from the dead.	
John 12:10	But the chief priests consulted that they might put Lazarus also to death;	
John 12:13	Took branches of palm trees, and went forth to meet him, and cried, Hosanna: Blessed is the King of Israel that cometh in the name of the Lord.	
John 12:20	And there were certain Greeks among them that came up to worship at the feast:	
John 12:21	The same came therefore to Philip, which was of Bethsaida of Galilee, and desired him, saying, Sir, we would see Jesus.	
John 12:25	He that loveth his life shall lose it; and he that hateth his life in this world shall keep it unto life eternal.	
John 12:29	The people therefore, that stood by, and heard it, said that it thundered: others said, An angel spake to him.	
John 12:3	Then took Mary a pound of ointment of spikenard, very costly, and anointed the feet of Jesus, and wiped his feet with her hair: and the house was filled with the odour of the ointment.	
John 12:32	And I, if I be lifted up from the earth, will draw all men unto me.	
John 12:38	That the saying of Esaias the prophet might be fulfilled, which he spake, Lord, who hath believed our report? and to whom hath the arm of the Lord been revealed?	
John 12:40	He hath blinded their eyes, and hardened their heart; that they should not see with their eyes, nor understand with their heart, and be converted, and I should heal them.	
John 12:47	And if any man hear my words, and believe not, I judge him not: for I came not to judge the world, but to save the world.	
John 12:49	For I have not spoken of myself; but the Father which sent me, he gave me a commandment, what I should say, and what I should speak.	
John 13:12	So after he had washed their feet, and had taken his garments, and was set down again, he said unto them, Know ye what I have done to you?	
John 13:17	If ye know these things, happy are ye if ye do them.	
John 13:23	Now there was leaning on Jesus' bosom one of his disciples, whom Jesus loved.	
John 13:31	Therefore, when he was gone out, Jesus said, Now is the Son of man glorified, and God is glorified in him.	
John 13:34	A new commandment I give unto you, That ye love one another; as I have loved you, that ye also love one another.	
John 13:4	He riseth from supper, and laid aside his garments; and took a towel, and girded himself.	
John 13:5	After that he poureth water into a bason, and began to wash the disciples' feet, and to wipe them with the towel wherewith he was girded.	
John 13:6	Then cometh he to Simon Peter: and Peter saith unto him, Lord, dost thou wash my feet?	
John 14:18	I will not leave you comfortless: I will come to you.	
John 14:31	But that the world may know that I love the Father; and as the Father gave me commandment, even so I do. Arise, let us go hence.	
John 15:11	These things have I spoken unto you, that my joy might remain in you, and that your joy might be full.	
John 15:16	Ye have not chosen me, but I have chosen you, and ordained you, that ye should go and bring forth fruit, and that your fruit should remain: that whatsoever ye shall ask of the Father in my name, he may give it you.	
John 15:23	He that hateth me hateth my Father also.	
John 15:24	If I had not done among them the works which none other man did, they had not had sin: but now have they both seen and hated both me and my Father.	
John 15:25	But this cometh to pass, that the word might be fulfilled that is written in their law, They hated me without a cause.	
John 15:27	And ye also shall bear witness, because ye have been with me from the beginning.	
John 16:11	Of judgment, because the prince of this world is judged.	
John 16:14	He shall glorify me: for he shall receive of mine, and shall shew it unto you.	
John 16:15	All things that the Father hath are mine: therefore said I, that he shall take of mine, and shall shew it unto you.	
John 16:19	Now Jesus knew that they were desirous to ask him, and said unto them, Do ye enquire among yourselves of that I said, A little while, and ye shall not see me: and again, a little while, and ye shall see me?	
John 16:23	And in that day ye shall ask me nothing. Verily, verily, I say unto you, Whatsoever ye shall ask the Father in my name, he will give it you.	
John 16:27	For the Father himself loveth you, because ye have loved me, and have believed that I came out from God.	
John 16:28	I came forth from the Father, and am come into the world: again, I leave the world, and go to the Father.	
John 16:31	Jesus answered them, Do ye now believe?	
John 17:13	And now come I to thee; and these things I speak in the world, that they might have my joy fulfilled in themselves.	
John 17:15	I pray not that thou shouldest take them out of the world, but that thou shouldest keep them from the evil.	
John 17:17	Sanctify them through thy truth: thy word is truth.	
John 17:19	And for their sakes I sanctify myself, that they also might be sanctified through the truth.	
John 17:21	That they all may be one; as thou, Father, art in me, and I in thee, that they also may be one in us: that the world may believe that thou hast sent me.	
John 17:22	And the glory which thou gavest me I have given them; that they may be one, even as we are one:	
John 17:4	I have glorified thee on the earth: I have finished the work which thou gavest me to do.	
John 17:6	I have manifested thy name unto the men which thou gavest me out of the world: thine they were, and thou gavest them me; and they have kept thy word.	
John 18:10	Then Simon Peter having a sword drew it, and smote the high priest's servant, and cut off his right ear. The servant's name was Malchus.	
John 18:2	And Judas also, which betrayed him, knew the place: for Jesus ofttimes resorted thither with his disciples.	
John 18:20	Jesus answered him, I spake openly to the world; I ever taught in the synagogue, and in the temple, whither the Jews always resort; and in secret have I said nothing.	
John 18:23	Jesus answered him, If I have spoken evil, bear witness of the evil: but if well, why smitest thou me?	
John 18:3	Judas then, having received a band of men and officers from the chief priests and Pharisees, cometh thither with lanterns and torches and weapons.	
John 18:32	That the saying of Jesus might be fulfilled, which he spake, signifying what death he should die.	
John 18:36	Jesus answered, My kingdom is not of this world: if my kingdom were of this world, then would my servants fight, that I should not be delivered to the Jews: but now is my kingdom not from hence.	
John 18:39	But ye have a custom, that I should release unto you one at the passover: will ye therefore that I release unto you the King of the Jews?	
John 18:6	As soon then as he had said unto them, I am he, they went backward, and fell to the ground.	
John 18:8	Jesus answered, I have told you that I am he: if therefore ye seek me, let these go their way:	
John 19:11	Jesus answered, Thou couldest have no power at all against me, except it were given thee from above: therefore he that delivered me unto thee hath the greater sin.	
John 19:12	And from thenceforth Pilate sought to release him: but the Jews cried out, saying, If thou let this man go, thou art not Caesar's friend: whosoever maketh himself a king speaketh against Caesar.	
John 19:13	When Pilate therefore heard that saying, he brought Jesus forth, and sat down in the judgment seat in a place that is called the Pavement, but in the Hebrew, Gabbatha.	
John 19:14	And it was the preparation of the passover, and about the sixth hour: and he saith unto the Jews, Behold your King!	
John 19:18	Where they crucified him, and two other with him, on either side one, and Jesus in the midst.	
John 19:2	And the soldiers platted a crown of thorns, and put it on his head, and they put on him a purple robe,	
John 19:22	Pilate answered, What I have written I have written.	
John 19:23	Then the soldiers, when they had crucified Jesus, took his garments, and made four parts, to every soldier a part; and also his coat: now the coat was without seam, woven from the top throughout.	
John 19:24	They said therefore among themselves, Let us not rend it, but cast lots for it, whose it shall be: that the scripture might be fulfilled, which saith, They parted my raiment among them, and for my vesture they did cast lots. These things therefore the soldiers did.	
John 19:36	For these things were done, that the scripture should be fulfilled, A bone of him shall not be broken.	
John 19:4	Pilate therefore went forth again, and saith unto them, Behold, I bring him forth to you, that ye may know that I find no fault in him.	
John 19:40	Then took they the body of Jesus, and wound it in linen clothes with the spices, as the manner of the Jews is to bury.	
John 19:7	The Jews answered him, We have a law, and by our law he ought to die, because he made himself the Son of God.	
John 1:12	But as many as received him, to them gave he power to become the sons of God, even to them that believe on his name:	
John 1:15	John bare witness of him, and cried, saying, This was he of whom I spake, He that cometh after me is preferred before me: for he was before me.	
John 1:23	He said, I am the voice of one crying in the wilderness, Make straight the way of the Lord, as said the prophet Esaias.	
John 1:27	He it is, who coming after me is preferred before me, whose shoe's latchet I am not worthy to unloose.	
John 1:29	The next day John seeth Jesus coming unto him, and saith, Behold the Lamb of God, which taketh away the sin of the world.	
John 1:36	And looking upon Jesus as he walked, he saith, Behold the Lamb of God!	
John 1:37	And the two disciples heard him speak, and they followed Jesus.	
John 1:46	And Nathanael said unto him, Can there any good thing come out of Nazareth? Philip saith unto him, Come and see.	
John 1:48	Nathanael saith unto him, Whence knowest thou me? Jesus answered and said unto him, Before that Philip called thee, when thou wast under the fig tree, I saw thee.	
John 1:50	Jesus answered and said unto him, Because I said unto thee, I saw thee under the fig tree, believest thou? thou shalt see greater things than these.	
John 1:7	The same came for a witness, to bear witness of the Light, that all men through him might believe.	
John 20:10	Then the disciples went away again unto their own home.	
John 20:16	Jesus saith unto her, Mary. She turned herself, and saith unto him, Rabboni; which is to say, Master.	
John 20:28	And Thomas answered and said unto him, My LORD and my God.	
John 20:5	And he stooping down, and looking in, saw the linen clothes lying; yet went he not in.	
John 21:12	Jesus saith unto them, Come and dine. And none of the disciples durst ask him, Who art thou? knowing that it was the Lord.	
John 21:15	So when they had dined, Jesus saith to Simon Peter, Simon, son of Jonas, lovest thou me more than these? He saith unto him, Yea, Lord; thou knowest that I love thee. He saith unto him, Feed my lambs.	
John 21:2	There were together Simon Peter, and Thomas called Didymus, and Nathanael of Cana in Galilee, and the sons of Zebedee, and two other of his disciples.	
John 21:23	Then went this saying abroad among the brethren, that that disciple should not die: yet Jesus said not unto him, He shall not die; but, If I will that he tarry till I come, what is that to thee?	
John 21:6	And he said unto them, Cast the net on the right side of the ship, and ye shall find. They cast therefore, and now they were not able to draw it for the multitude of fishes.	
John 21:8	And the other disciples came in a little ship; (for they were not far from land, but as it were two hundred cubits,) dragging the net with fishes.	
John 2:1	And the third day there was a marriage in Cana of Galilee; and the mother of Jesus was there:	
John 2:15	And when he had made a scourge of small cords, he drove them all out of the temple, and the sheep, and the oxen; and poured out the changers' money, and overthrew the tables;	
John 2:17	And his disciples remembered that it was written, The zeal of thine house hath eaten me up.	
John 2:20	Then said the Jews, Forty and six years was this temple in building, and wilt thou rear it up in three days?	
John 2:8	And he saith unto them, Draw out now, and bear unto the governor of the feast. And they bare it.	
John 2:9	When the ruler of the feast had tasted the water that was made wine, and knew not whence it was: (but the servants which drew the water knew;) the governor of the feast called the bridegroom,	
John 3:10	Jesus answered and said unto him, Art thou a master of Israel, and knowest not these things?	
John 3:14	And as Moses lifted up the serpent in the wilderness, even so must the Son of man be lifted up:	
John 3:17	For God sent not his Son into the world to condemn the world; but that the world through him might be saved.	
John 3:20	For every one that doeth evil hateth the light, neither cometh to the light, lest his deeds should be reproved.	
John 3:21	But he that doeth truth cometh to the light, that his deeds may be made manifest, that they are wrought in God.	
John 3:26	And they came unto John, and said unto him, Rabbi, he that was with thee beyond Jordan, to whom thou barest witness, behold, the same baptizeth, and all men come to him.	
John 3:32	And what he hath seen and heard, that he testifieth; and no man receiveth his testimony.	
John 3:34	For he whom God hath sent speaketh the words of God: for God giveth not the Spirit by measure unto him.	
John 3:4	Nicodemus saith unto him, How can a man be born when he is old? can he enter the second time into his mother's womb, and be born?	
John 3:7	Marvel not that I said unto thee, Ye must be born again.	
John 4:18	For thou hast had five husbands; and he whom thou now hast is not thy husband: in that saidst thou truly.	
John 4:22	Ye worship ye know not what: we know what we worship: for salvation is of the Jews.	
John 4:24	God is a Spirit: and they that worship him must worship him in spirit and in truth.	
John 4:29	Come, see a man, which told me all things that ever I did: is not this the Christ?	
John 4:3	He left Judaea, and departed again into Galilee.	
John 4:34	Jesus saith unto them, My meat is to do the will of him that sent me, and to finish his work.	
John 4:42	And said unto the woman, Now we believe, not because of thy saying: for we have heard him ourselves, and know that this is indeed the Christ, the Saviour of the world.	
John 4:44	For Jesus himself testified, that a prophet hath no honour in his own country.	
John 4:45	Then when he was come into Galilee, the Galilaeans received him, having seen all the things that he did at Jerusalem at the feast: for they also went unto the feast.	
John 4:48	Then said Jesus unto him, Except ye see signs and wonders, ye will not believe.	
John 4:8	(For his disciples were gone away unto the city to buy meat.)	
John 5:1	After this there was a feast of the Jews; and Jesus went up to Jerusalem.	
John 5:2	Now there is at Jerusalem by the sheep market a pool, which is called in the Hebrew tongue Bethesda, having five porches.	
John 5:20	For the Father loveth the Son, and sheweth him all things that himself doeth: and he will shew him greater works than these, that ye may marvel.	
John 5:28	Marvel not at this: for the hour is coming, in the which all that are in the graves shall hear his voice,	
John 5:36	But I have greater witness than that of John: for the works which the Father hath given me to finish, the same works that I do, bear witness of me, that the Father hath sent me.	
John 5:37	And the Father himself, which hath sent me, hath borne witness of me. Ye have neither heard his voice at any time, nor seen his shape.	
John 5:40	And ye will not come to me, that ye might have life.	
John 5:41	I receive not honour from men.	
John 5:44	How can ye believe, which receive honour one of another, and seek not the honour that cometh from God only?	
John 5:45	Do not think that I will accuse you to the Father: there is one that accuseth you, even Moses, in whom ye trust.	
John 6:1	After these things Jesus went over the sea of Galilee, which is the sea of Tiberias.	
John 6:12	When they were filled, he said unto his disciples, Gather up the fragments that remain, that nothing be lost.	
John 6:19	So when they had rowed about five and twenty or thirty furlongs, they see Jesus walking on the sea, and drawing nigh unto the ship: and they were afraid.	
John 6:21	Then they willingly received him into the ship: and immediately the ship was at the land whither they went.	
John 6:32	Then Jesus said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, Moses gave you not that bread from heaven; but my Father giveth you the true bread from heaven.	
John 6:35	And Jesus said unto them, I am the bread of life: he that cometh to me shall never hunger; and he that believeth on me shall never thirst.	
John 6:42	And they said, Is not this Jesus, the son of Joseph, whose father and mother we know? how is it then that he saith, I came down from heaven?	
John 6:49	Your fathers did eat manna in the wilderness, and are dead.	
John 6:5	When Jesus then lifted up his eyes, and saw a great company come unto him, he saith unto Philip, Whence shall we buy bread, that these may eat?	
John 6:6	And this he said to prove him: for he himself knew what he would do.	
John 6:60	Many therefore of his disciples, when they had heard this, said, This is an hard saying; who can hear it?	
John 6:65	And he said, Therefore said I unto you, that no man can come unto me, except it were given unto him of my Father.	
John 6:68	Then Simon Peter answered him, Lord, to whom shall we go? thou hast the words of eternal life.	
John 6:69	And we believe and are sure that thou art that Christ, the Son of the living God.	
John 7:1	After these things Jesus walked in Galilee: for he would not walk in Jewry, because the Jews sought to kill him.	
John 7:10	But when his brethren were gone up, then went he also up unto the feast, not openly, but as it were in secret.	
John 7:11	Then the Jews sought him at the feast, and said, Where is he?	
John 7:13	Howbeit no man spake openly of him for fear of the Jews.	
John 7:27	Howbeit we know this man whence he is: but when Christ cometh, no man knoweth whence he is.	
John 7:28	Then cried Jesus in the temple as he taught, saying, Ye both know me, and ye know whence I am: and I am not come of myself, but he that sent me is true, whom ye know not.	
John 7:43	So there was a division among the people because of him.	
John 7:47	Then answered them the Pharisees, Are ye also deceived?	
John 7:49	But this people who knoweth not the law are cursed.	
John 8:1	Jesus went unto the mount of Olives.	
John 8:10	When Jesus had lifted up himself, and saw none but the woman, he said unto her, Woman, where are those thine accusers? hath no man condemned thee?	
John 8:12	Then spake Jesus again unto them, saying, I am the light of the world: he that followeth me shall not walk in darkness, but shall have the light of life.	
John 8:14	Jesus answered and said unto them, Though I bear record of myself, yet my record is true: for I know whence I came, and whither I go; but ye cannot tell whence I come, and whither I go.	
John 8:15	Ye judge after the flesh; I judge no man.	
John 8:16	And yet if I judge, my judgment is true: for I am not alone, but I and the Father that sent me.	
John 8:24	I said therefore unto you, that ye shall die in your sins: for if ye believe not that I am he, ye shall die in your sins.	
John 8:25	Then said they unto him, Who art thou? And Jesus saith unto them, Even the same that I said unto you from the beginning.	
John 8:34	Jesus answered them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, Whosoever committeth sin is the servant of sin.	
John 8:38	I speak that which I have seen with my Father: and ye do that which ye have seen with your father.	
John 8:40	But now ye seek to kill me, a man that hath told you the truth, which I have heard of God: this did not Abraham.	
John 8:42	Jesus said unto them, If God were your Father, ye would love me: for I proceeded forth and came from God; neither came I of myself, but he sent me.	
John 8:44	Ye are of your father the devil, and the lusts of your father ye will do. He was a murderer from the beginning, and abode not in the truth, because there is no truth in him. When he speaketh a lie, he speaketh of his own: for he is a liar, and the father of it.	
John 8:45	And because I tell you the truth, ye believe me not.	
John 8:49	Jesus answered, I have not a devil; but I honour my Father, and ye do dishonour me.	
John 8:54	Jesus answered, If I honour myself, my honour is nothing: it is my Father that honoureth me; of whom ye say, that he is your God:	
John 8:58	Jesus said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, Before Abraham was, I am.	
John 9:12	Then said they unto him, Where is he? He said, I know not.	
John 9:18	But the Jews did not believe concerning him, that he had been blind, and received his sight, until they called the parents of him that had received his sight.	
John 9:29	We know that God spake unto Moses: as for this fellow, we know not from whence he is.	
John 9:31	Now we know that God heareth not sinners: but if any man be a worshipper of God, and doeth his will, him he heareth.	
John 9:35	Jesus heard that they had cast him out; and when he had found him, he said unto him, Dost thou believe on the Son of God?	
John 9:4	I must work the works of him that sent me, while it is day: the night cometh, when no man can work.	
John 9:41	Jesus said unto them, If ye were blind, ye should have no sin: but now ye say, We see; therefore your sin remaineth.	
Jonah 1:12	And he said unto them, Take me up, and cast me forth into the sea; so shall the sea be calm unto you: for I know that for my sake this great tempest is upon you.	
Jonah 1:15	So they look up Jonah, and cast him forth into the sea: and the sea ceased from her raging.	
Jonah 1:4	But the LORD sent out a great wind into the sea, and there was a mighty tempest in the sea, so that the ship was like to be broken.	
Jonah 1:9	And he said unto them, I am an Hebrew; and I fear the LORD, the God of heaven, which hath made the sea and the dry land.	
Jonah 2:1	Then Jonah prayed unto the LORD his God out of the fish's belly,	
Jonah 2:7	When my soul fainted within me I remembered the LORD: and my prayer came in unto thee, into thine holy temple.	
Jonah 2:9	But I will sacrifice unto thee with the voice of thanksgiving; I will pay that that I have vowed. Salvation is of the LORD.	
Jonah 3:10	And God saw their works, that they turned from their evil way; and God repented of the evil, that he had said that he would do unto them; and he did it not.	
Jonah 3:3	So Jonah arose, and went unto Nineveh, according to the word of the LORD. Now Nineveh was an exceeding great city of three days' journey.	
Jonah 3:6	For word came unto the king of Nineveh, and he arose from his throne, and he laid his robe from him, and covered him with sackcloth, and sat in ashes.	
Jonah 3:9	Who can tell if God will turn and repent, and turn away from his fierce anger, that we perish not?	
Jonah 4:11	And should not I spare Nineveh, that great city, wherein are more then sixscore thousand persons that cannot discern between their right hand and their left hand; and also much cattle?	
Jonah 4:2	And he prayed unto the LORD, and said, I pray thee, O LORD, was not this my saying, when I was yet in my country? Therefore I fled before unto Tarshish: for I knew that thou art a gracious God, and merciful, slow to anger, and of great kindness, and repentest thee of the evil.	
Jonah 4:3	Therefore now, O LORD, take, I beseech thee, my life from me; for it is better for me to die than to live.	
Jonah 4:4	Then said the LORD, Doest thou well to be angry?	
Jonah 4:6	And the LORD God prepared a gourd, and made it to come up over Jonah, that it might be a shadow over his head, to deliver him from his grief. So Jonah was exceeding glad of the gourd.	
Jonah 4:7	But God prepared a worm when the morning rose the next day, and it smote the gourd that it withered.	
Joshua 10:10	And the LORD discomfited them before Israel, and slew them with a great slaughter at Gibeon, and chased them along the way that goeth up to Bethhoron, and smote them to Azekah, and unto Makkedah.	
Joshua 10:11	And it came to pass, as they fled from before Israel, and were in the going down to Bethhoron, that the LORD cast down great stones from heaven upon them unto Azekah, and they died: they were more which died with hailstones than they whom the children of Israel slew with the sword.	
Joshua 10:16	But these five kings fled, and hid themselves in a cave at Makkedah.	
Joshua 10:18	And Joshua said, Roll great stones upon the mouth of the cave, and set men by it for to keep them:	
Joshua 10:19	And stay ye not, but pursue after your enemies, and smite the hindmost of them; suffer them not to enter into their cities: for the LORD your God hath delivered them into your hand.	
Joshua 10:21	And all the people returned to the camp to Joshua at Makkedah in peace: none moved his tongue against any of the children of Israel.	
Joshua 10:24	And it came to pass, when they brought out those kings unto Joshua, that Joshua called for all the men of Israel, and said unto the captains of the men of war which went with him, Come near, put your feet upon the necks of these kings. And they came near, and put their feet upon the necks of them.	
Joshua 10:26	And afterward Joshua smote them, and slew them, and hanged them on five trees: and they were hanging upon the trees until the evening.	
Joshua 10:28	And that day Joshua took Makkedah, and smote it with the edge of the sword, and the king thereof he utterly destroyed, them, and all the souls that were therein; he let none remain: and he did to the king of Makkedah as he did unto the king of Jericho.	
Joshua 10:30	And the LORD delivered it also, and the king thereof, into the hand of Israel; and he smote it with the edge of the sword, and all the souls that were therein; he let none remain in it; but did unto the king thereof as he did unto the king of Jericho.	
Joshua 10:34	And from Lachish Joshua passed unto Eglon, and all Israel with him; and they encamped against it, and fought against it:	
Joshua 10:35	And they took it on that day, and smote it with the edge of the sword, and all the souls that were therein he utterly destroyed that day, according to all that he had done to Lachish.	
Joshua 10:37	And they took it, and smote it with the edge of the sword, and the king thereof, and all the cities thereof, and all the souls that were therein; he left none remaining, according to all that he had done to Eglon; but destroyed it utterly, and all the souls that were therein.	
Joshua 10:41	And Joshua smote them from Kadeshbarnea even unto Gaza, and all the country of Goshen, even unto Gibeon.	
Joshua 10:42	And all these kings and their land did Joshua take at one time, because the LORD God of Israel fought for Israel.	
Joshua 10:43	And Joshua returned, and all Israel with him, unto the camp to Gilgal.	
Joshua 10:9	Joshua therefore came unto them suddenly, and went up from Gilgal all night.	
Joshua 11:12	And all the cities of those kings, and all the kings of them, did Joshua take, and smote them with the edge of the sword, and he utterly destroyed them, as Moses the servant of the LORD commanded.	
Joshua 11:7	So Joshua came, and all the people of war with him, against them by the waters of Merom suddenly; and they fell upon them.	
Joshua 12:18	The king of Aphek, one; the king of Lasharon, one;	
Joshua 12:21	The king of Taanach, one; the king of Megiddo, one;	
Joshua 12:23	The king of Dor in the coast of Dor, one; the king of the nations of Gilgal, one;	
Joshua 12:24	The king of Tirzah, one: all the kings thirty and one.	
Joshua 12:3	And from the plain to the sea of Chinneroth on the east, and unto the sea of the plain, even the salt sea on the east, the way to Bethjeshimoth; and from the south, under Ashdothpisgah:	
Joshua 12:6	Them did Moses the servant of the LORD and the children of Israel smite: and Moses the servant of the LORD gave it for a possession unto the Reubenites, and the Gadites, and the half tribe of Manasseh.	
Joshua 12:9	The king of Jericho, one; the king of Ai, which is beside Bethel, one;	
Joshua 13:1	Now Joshua was old and stricken in years; and the LORD said unto him, Thou art old and stricken in years, and there remaineth yet very much land to be possessed.	
Joshua 13:23	And the border of the children of Reuben was Jordan, and the border thereof. This was the inheritance of the children of Reuben after their families, the cities and the villages thereof.	
Joshua 13:27	And in the valley, Betharam, and Bethnimrah, and Succoth, and Zaphon, the rest of the kingdom of Sihon king of Heshbon, Jordan and his border, even unto the edge of the sea of Chinnereth on the other side Jordan eastward.	
Joshua 13:28	This is the inheritance of the children of Gad after their families, the cities, and their villages.	
Joshua 13:30	And their coast was from Mahanaim, all Bashan, all the kingdom of Og king of Bashan, and all the towns of Jair, which are in Bashan, threescore cities:	
Joshua 13:6	All the inhabitants of the hill country from Lebanon unto Misrephothmaim, and all the Sidonians, them will I drive out from before the children of Israel: only divide thou it by lot unto the Israelites for an inheritance, as I have commanded thee.	
Joshua 14:14	Hebron therefore became the inheritance of Caleb the son of Jephunneh the Kenezite unto this day, because that he wholly followed the LORD God of Israel.	
Joshua 14:3	For Moses had given the inheritance of two tribes and an half tribe on the other side Jordan: but unto the Levites he gave none inheritance among them.	
Joshua 14:8	Nevertheless my brethren that went up with me made the heart of the people melt: but I wholly followed the LORD my God.	
Joshua 15:14	And Caleb drove thence the three sons of Anak, Sheshai, and Ahiman, and Talmai, the children of Anak.	
Joshua 15:2	And their south border was from the shore of the salt sea, from the bay that looketh southward:	
Joshua 15:22	And Kinah, and Dimonah, and Adadah,	
Joshua 15:36	And Sharaim, and Adithaim, and Gederah, and Gederothaim; fourteen cities with their villages:	
Joshua 15:43	And Jiphtah, and Ashnah, and Nezib,	
Joshua 15:45	Ekron, with her towns and her villages:	
Joshua 15:56	And Jezreel, and Jokdeam, and Zanoah,	
Joshua 15:57	Cain, Gibeah, and Timnah; ten cities with their villages:	
Joshua 15:58	Halhul, Bethzur, and Gedor,	
Joshua 15:60	Kirjathbaal, which is Kirjathjearim, and Rabbah; two cities with their villages:	
Joshua 15:61	In the wilderness, Betharabah, Middin, and Secacah,	
Joshua 15:9	And the border was drawn from the top of the hill unto the fountain of the water of Nephtoah, and went out to the cities of mount Ephron; and the border was drawn to Baalah, which is Kirjathjearim:	
Joshua 16:10	And they drave not out the Canaanites that dwelt in Gezer: but the Canaanites dwell among the Ephraimites unto this day, and serve under tribute.	
Joshua 16:2	And goeth out from Bethel to Luz, and passeth along unto the borders of Archi to Ataroth,	
Joshua 16:5	And the border of the children of Ephraim according to their families was thus: even the border of their inheritance on the east side was Atarothaddar, unto Bethhoron the upper;	
Joshua 16:6	And the border went out toward the sea to Michmethah on the north side; and the border went about eastward unto Taanathshiloh, and passed by it on the east to Janohah;	
Joshua 16:8	The border went out from Tappuah westward unto the river Kanah; and the goings out thereof were at the sea. This is the inheritance of the tribe of the children of Ephraim by their families.	
Joshua 17:10	Southward it was Ephraim's, and northward it was Manasseh's, and the sea is his border; and they met together in Asher on the north, and in Issachar on the east.	
Joshua 17:13	Yet it came to pass, when the children of Israel were waxen strong, that they put the Canaanites to tribute, but did not utterly drive them out.	
Joshua 17:15	And Joshua answered them, If thou be a great people, then get thee up to the wood country, and cut down for thyself there in the land of the Perizzites and of the giants, if mount Ephraim be too narrow for thee.	
Joshua 17:17	And Joshua spake unto the house of Joseph, even to Ephraim and to Manasseh, saying, Thou art a great people, and hast great power: thou shalt not have one lot only:	
Joshua 17:18	But the mountain shall be thine; for it is a wood, and thou shalt cut it down: and the outgoings of it shall be thine: for thou shalt drive out the Canaanites, though they have iron chariots, and though they be strong.	
Joshua 17:8	Now Manasseh had the land of Tappuah: but Tappuah on the border of Manasseh belonged to the children of Ephraim;	
Joshua 18:14	And the border was drawn thence, and compassed the corner of the sea southward, from the hill that lieth before Bethhoron southward; and the goings out thereof were at Kirjathbaal, which is Kirjathjearim, a city of the children of Judah: this was the west quarter.	
Joshua 18:16	And the border came down to the end of the mountain that lieth before the valley of the son of Hinnom, and which is in the valley of the giants on the north, and descended to the valley of Hinnom, to the side of Jebusi on the south, and descended to Enrogel,	
Joshua 18:17	And was drawn from the north, and went forth to Enshemesh, and went forth toward Geliloth, which is over against the going up of Adummim, and descended to the stone of Bohan the son of Reuben,	
Joshua 18:19	And the border passed along to the side of Bethhoglah northward: and the outgoings of the border were at the north bay of the salt sea at the south end of Jordan: this was the south coast.	
Joshua 18:24	And Chepharhaammonai, and Ophni, and Gaba; twelve cities with their villages:	
Joshua 18:6	Ye shall therefore describe the land into seven parts, and bring the description hither to me, that I may cast lots for you here before the LORD our God.	
Joshua 18:9	And the men went and passed through the land, and described it by cities into seven parts in a book, and came again to Joshua to the host at Shiloh.	
Joshua 19:1	And the second lot came forth to Simeon, even for the tribe of the children of Simeon according to their families: and their inheritance was within the inheritance of the children of Judah.	
Joshua 19:16	This is the inheritance of the children of Zebulun according to their families, these cities with their villages.	
Joshua 19:2	And they had in their inheritance Beersheba, and Sheba, and Moladah,	
Joshua 19:23	This is the inheritance of the tribe of the children of Issachar according to their families, the cities and their villages.	
Joshua 19:29	And then the coast turneth to Ramah, and to the strong city Tyre; and the coast turneth to Hosah; and the outgoings thereof are at the sea from the coast to Achzib:	
Joshua 19:30	Ummah also, and Aphek, and Rehob: twenty and two cities with their villages.	
Joshua 19:37	And Kedesh, and Edrei, and Enhazor,	
Joshua 19:38	And Iron, and Migdalel, Horem, and Bethanath, and Bethshemesh; nineteen cities with their villages.	
Joshua 19:41	And the coast of their inheritance was Zorah, and Eshtaol, and Irshemesh,	
Joshua 19:42	And Shaalabbin, and Ajalon, and Jethlah,	
Joshua 19:46	And Mejarkon, and Rakkon, with the border before Japho.	
Joshua 19:51	These are the inheritances, which Eleazar the priest, and Joshua the son of Nun, and the heads of the fathers of the tribes of the children of Israel, divided for an inheritance by lot in Shiloh before the LORD, at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation. So they made an end of dividing the country.	
Joshua 19:6	And Bethlebaoth, and Sharuhen; thirteen cities and their villages:	
Joshua 1:1	Now after the death of Moses the servant of the LORD it came to pass, that the LORD spake unto Joshua the son of Nun, Moses' minister, saying,	
Joshua 1:12	And to the Reubenites, and to the Gadites, and to half the tribe of Manasseh, spake Joshua, saying,	
Joshua 1:13	Remember the word which Moses the servant of the LORD commanded you, saying, The LORD your God hath given you rest, and hath given you this land.	
Joshua 1:14	Your wives, your little ones, and your cattle, shall remain in the land which Moses gave you on this side Jordan; but ye shall pass before your brethren armed, all the mighty men of valor, and help them;	
Joshua 1:18	Whosoever he be that doth rebel against thy commandment, and will not hearken unto thy words in all that thou commandest him, he shall be put to death: only be strong and of a good courage.	
Joshua 1:4	From the wilderness and this Lebanon even unto the great river, the river Euphrates, all the land of the Hittites, and unto the great sea toward the going down of the sun, shall be your coast.	
Joshua 20:2	Speak to the children of Israel, saying, Appoint out for you cities of refuge, whereof I spake unto you by the hand of Moses:	
Joshua 20:3	That the slayer that killeth any person unawares and unwittingly may flee thither: and they shall be your refuge from the avenger of blood.	
Joshua 21:11	And they gave them the city of Arba the father of Anak, which city is Hebron, in the hill country of Judah, with the suburbs thereof round about it.	
Joshua 21:12	But the fields of the city, and the villages thereof, gave they to Caleb the son of Jephunneh for his possession.	
Joshua 21:15	And Holon with her suburbs, and Debir with her suburbs,	
Joshua 21:18	Anathoth with her suburbs, and Almon with her suburbs; four cities.	
Joshua 21:24	Aijalon with her suburbs, Gathrimmon with her suburbs; four cities.	
Joshua 21:25	And out of the half tribe of Manasseh, Tanach with her suburbs, and Gathrimmon with her suburbs; two cities.	
Joshua 21:26	All the cities were ten with their suburbs for the families of the children of Kohath that remained.	
Joshua 21:30	And out of the tribe of Asher, Mishal with her suburbs, Abdon with her suburbs,	
Joshua 21:31	Helkath with her suburbs, and Rehob with her suburbs; four cities.	
Joshua 21:36	And out of the tribe of Reuben, Bezer with her suburbs, and Jahazah with her suburbs,	
Joshua 21:37	Kedemoth with her suburbs, and Mephaath with her suburbs; four cities.	
Joshua 21:41	All the cities of the Levites within the possession of the children of Israel were forty and eight cities with their suburbs.	
Joshua 21:44	And the LORD gave them rest round about, according to all that he sware unto their fathers: and there stood not a man of all their enemies before them; the LORD delivered all their enemies into their hand.	
Joshua 21:45	There failed not ought of any good thing which the LORD had spoken unto the house of Israel; all came to pass.	
Joshua 22:10	And when they came unto the borders of Jordan, that are in the land of Canaan, the children of Reuben and the children of Gad and the half tribe of Manasseh built there an altar by Jordan, a great altar to see to.	
Joshua 22:14	And with him ten princes, of each chief house a prince throughout all the tribes of Israel; and each one was an head of the house of their fathers among the thousands of Israel.	
Joshua 22:21	Then the children of Reuben and the children of Gad and the half tribe of Manasseh answered, and said unto the heads of the thousands of Israel,	
Joshua 22:24	And if we have not rather done it for fear of this thing, saying, In time to come your children might speak unto our children, saying, What have ye to do with the LORD God of Israel?	
Joshua 22:25	For the LORD hath made Jordan a border between us and you, ye children of Reuben and children of Gad; ye have no part in the LORD: so shall your children make our children cease from fearing the LORD.	
Joshua 22:26	Therefore we said, Let us now prepare to build us an altar, not for burnt offering, nor for sacrifice:	
Joshua 22:27	But that it may be a witness between us, and you, and our generations after us, that we might do the service of the LORD before him with our burnt offerings, and with our sacrifices, and with our peace offerings; that your children may not say to our children in time to come, Ye have no part in the LORD.	
Joshua 22:33	And the thing pleased the children of Israel; and the children of Israel blessed God, and did not intend to go up against them in battle, to destroy the land wherein the children of Reuben and Gad dwelt.	
Joshua 22:34	And the children of Reuben and the children of Gad called the altar Ed: for it shall be a witness between us that the LORD is God.	
Joshua 23:14	And, behold, this day I am going the way of all the earth: and ye know in all your hearts and in all your souls, that not one thing hath failed of all the good things which the LORD your God spake concerning you; all are come to pass unto you, and not one thing hath failed thereof.	
Joshua 23:3	And ye have seen all that the LORD your God hath done unto all these nations because of you; for the LORD your God is he that hath fought for you.	
Joshua 23:4	Behold, I have divided unto you by lot these nations that remain, to be an inheritance for your tribes, from Jordan, with all the nations that I have cut off, even unto the great sea westward.	
Joshua 23:6	Be ye therefore very courageous to keep and to do all that is written in the book of the law of Moses, that ye turn not aside therefrom to the right hand or to the left;	
Joshua 23:7	That ye come not among these nations, these that remain among you; neither make mention of the name of their gods, nor cause to swear by them, neither serve them, nor bow yourselves unto them:	
Joshua 23:8	But cleave unto the LORD your God, as ye have done unto this day.	
Joshua 24:17	For the LORD our God, he it is that brought us up and our fathers out of the land of Egypt, from the house of bondage, and which did those great signs in our sight, and preserved us in all the way wherein we went, and among all the people through whom we passed:	
Joshua 24:19	And Joshua said unto the people, Ye cannot serve the LORD: for he is an holy God; he is a jealous God; he will not forgive your transgressions nor your sins.	
Joshua 24:20	If ye forsake the LORD, and serve strange gods, then he will turn and do you hurt, and consume you, after that he hath done you good.	
Joshua 24:24	And the people said unto Joshua, The LORD our God will we serve, and his voice will we obey.	
Joshua 24:25	So Joshua made a covenant with the people that day, and set them a statute and an ordinance in Shechem.	
Joshua 24:26	And Joshua wrote these words in the book of the law of God, and took a great stone, and set it up there under an oak, that was by the sanctuary of the LORD.	
Joshua 24:29	And it came to pass after these things, that Joshua the son of Nun, the servant of the LORD, died, being an hundred and ten years old.	
Joshua 24:6	And I brought your fathers out of Egypt: and ye came unto the sea; and the Egyptians pursued after your fathers with chariots and horsemen unto the Red sea.	
Joshua 2:13	And that ye will save alive my father, and my mother, and my brethren, and my sisters, and all that they have, and deliver our lives from death.	
Joshua 2:16	And she said unto them, Get you to the mountain, lest the pursuers meet you; and hide yourselves there three days, until the pursuers be returned: and afterward may ye go your way.	
Joshua 2:19	And it shall be, that whosoever shall go out of the doors of thy house into the street, his blood shall be upon his head, and we will be guiltless: and whosoever shall be with thee in the house, his blood shall be on our head, if any hand be upon him.	
Joshua 2:24	And they said unto Joshua, Truly the LORD hath delivered into our hands all the land; for even all the inhabitants of the country do faint because of us.	
Joshua 2:3	And the king of Jericho sent unto Rahab, saying, Bring forth the men that are come to thee, which are entered into thine house: for they be come to search out all the country.	
Joshua 2:5	And it came to pass about the time of shutting of the gate, when it was dark, that the men went out: whither the men went I wot not: pursue after them quickly; for ye shall overtake them.	
Joshua 2:6	But she had brought them up to the roof of the house, and hid them with the stalks of flax, which she had laid in order upon the roof.	
Joshua 3:14	And it came to pass, when the people removed from their tents, to pass over Jordan, and the priests bearing the ark of the covenant before the people;	
Joshua 3:15	And as they that bare the ark were come unto Jordan, and the feet of the priests that bare the ark were dipped in the brim of the water, (for Jordan overfloweth all his banks all the time of harvest,)	
Joshua 3:16	That the waters which came down from above stood and rose up upon an heap very far from the city Adam, that is beside Zaretan: and those that came down toward the sea of the plain, even the salt sea, failed, and were cut off: and the people passed over right against Jericho.	
Joshua 4:10	For the priests which bare the ark stood in the midst of Jordan, until everything was finished that the LORD commanded Joshua to speak unto the people, according to all that Moses commanded Joshua: and the people hasted and passed over.	
Joshua 4:2	Take you twelve men out of the people, out of every tribe a man,	
Joshua 4:22	Then ye shall let your children know, saying, Israel came over this Jordan on dry land.	
Joshua 4:23	For the LORD your God dried up the waters of Jordan from before you, until ye were passed over, as the LORD your God did to the Red sea, which he dried up from before us, until we were gone over:	
Joshua 4:24	That all the people of the earth might know the hand of the LORD, that it is mighty: that ye might fear the LORD your God for ever.	
Joshua 4:3	And command ye them, saying, Take you hence out of the midst of Jordan, out of the place where the priests' feet stood firm, twelve stones, and ye shall carry them over with you, and leave them in the lodging place, where ye shall lodge this night.	
Joshua 4:4	Then Joshua called the twelve men, whom he had prepared of the children of Israel, out of every tribe a man:	
Joshua 5:13	And it came to pass, when Joshua was by Jericho, that he lifted up his eyes and looked, and, behold, there stood a man over against him with his sword drawn in his hand: and Joshua went unto him, and said unto him, Art thou for us, or for our adversaries?	
Joshua 5:15	And the captain of the LORD's host said unto Joshua, Loose thy shoe from off thy foot; for the place whereon thou standest is holy. And Joshua did so.	
Joshua 6:14	And the second day they compassed the city once, and returned into the camp: so they did six days.	
Joshua 6:21	And they utterly destroyed all that was in the city, both man and woman, young and old, and ox, and sheep, and ass, with the edge of the sword.	
Joshua 6:22	But Joshua had said unto the two men that had spied out the country, Go into the harlot's house, and bring out thence the woman, and all that she hath, as ye sware unto her.	
Joshua 6:3	And ye shall compass the city, all ye men of war, and go round about the city once. Thus shalt thou do six days.	
Joshua 6:4	And seven priests shall bear before the ark seven trumpets of rams' horns: and the seventh day ye shall compass the city seven times, and the priests shall blow with the trumpets.	
Joshua 6:6	And Joshua the son of Nun called the priests, and said unto them, Take up the ark of the covenant, and let seven priests bear seven trumpets of rams' horns before the ark of the LORD.	
Joshua 7:10	And the LORD said unto Joshua, Get thee up; wherefore liest thou thus upon thy face?	
Joshua 7:12	Therefore the children of Israel could not stand before their enemies, but turned their backs before their enemies, because they were accursed: neither will I be with you any more, except ye destroy the accursed from among you.	
Joshua 7:16	So Joshua rose up early in the morning, and brought Israel by their tribes; and the tribe of Judah was taken:	
Joshua 7:23	And they took them out of the midst of the tent, and brought them unto Joshua, and unto all the children of Israel, and laid them out before the LORD.	
Joshua 7:25	And Joshua said, Why hast thou troubled us? the LORD shall trouble thee this day. And all Israel stoned him with stones, and burned them with fire, after they had stoned them with stones.	
Joshua 7:7	And Joshua said, Alas, O LORD God, wherefore hast thou at all brought this people over Jordan, to deliver us into the hand of the Amorites, to destroy us? would to God we had been content, and dwelt on the other side Jordan!	
Joshua 7:8	O LORD, what shall I say, when Israel turneth their backs before their enemies!	
Joshua 8:2	And thou shalt do to Ai and her king as thou didst unto Jericho and her king: only the spoil thereof, and the cattle thereof, shall ye take for a prey unto yourselves: lay thee an ambush for the city behind it.	
Joshua 8:25	And so it was, that all that fell that day, both of men and women, were twelve thousand, even all the men of Ai.	
Joshua 8:29	And the king of Ai he hanged on a tree until eventide: and as soon as the sun was down, Joshua commanded that they should take his carcass down from the tree, and cast it at the entering of the gate of the city, and raise thereon a great heap of stones, that remaineth unto this day.	
Joshua 8:34	And afterward he read all the words of the law, the blessings and cursings, according to all that is written in the book of the law.	
Joshua 8:5	And I, and all the people that are with me, will approach unto the city: and it shall come to pass, when they come out against us, as at the first, that we will flee before them,	
Joshua 9:11	Wherefore our elders and all the inhabitants of our country spake to us, saying, Take victuals with you for the journey, and go to meet them, and say unto them, We are your servants: therefore now make ye a league with us.	
Joshua 9:13	And these bottles of wine, which we filled, were new; and, behold, they be rent: and these our garments and our shoes are become old by reason of the very long journey.	
Joshua 9:19	But all the princes said unto all the congregation, We have sworn unto them by the LORD God of Israel: now therefore we may not touch them.	
Joshua 9:3	And when the inhabitants of Gibeon heard what Joshua had done unto Jericho and to Ai,	
Joshua 9:5	And old shoes and clouted upon their feet, and old garments upon them; and all the bread of their provision was dry and mouldy.	
Jude 1:16	These are murmurers, complainers, walking after their own lusts; and their mouth speaketh great swelling words, having men's persons in admiration because of advantage.	
Jude 1:18	How that they told you there should be mockers in the last time, who should walk after their own ungodly lusts.	
Jude 1:19	These be they who separate themselves, sensual, having not the Spirit.	
Jude 1:4	For there are certain men crept in unawares, who were before of old ordained to this condemnation, ungodly men, turning the grace of our God into lasciviousness, and denying the only Lord God, and our Lord Jesus Christ.	
Jude 1:5	I will therefore put you in remembrance, though ye once knew this, how that the Lord, having saved the people out of the land of Egypt, afterward destroyed them that believed not.	
Jude 1:8	Likewise also these filthy dreamers defile the flesh, despise dominion, and speak evil of dignities.	
Judges 10:10	And the children of Israel cried unto the LORD, saying, We have sinned against thee, both because we have forsaken our God, and also served Baalim.	
Judges 10:2	And he judged Israel twenty and three years, and died, and was buried in Shamir.	
Judges 10:4	And he had thirty sons that rode on thirty ass colts, and they had thirty cities, which are called Havothjair unto this day, which are in the land of Gilead.	
Judges 10:5	And Jair died, and was buried in Camon.	
Judges 10:6	And the children of Israel did evil again in the sight of the LORD, and served Baalim, and Ashtaroth, and the gods of Syria, and the gods of Zidon, and the gods of Moab, and the gods of the children of Ammon, and the gods of the Philistines, and forsook the LORD, and served not him.	
Judges 11:1	Now Jephthah the Gileadite was a mighty man of valor, and he was the son of an harlot: and Gilead begat Jephthah.	
Judges 11:16	But when Israel came up from Egypt, and walked through the wilderness unto the Red sea, and came to Kadesh;	
Judges 11:17	Then Israel sent messengers unto the king of Edom, saying, Let me, I pray thee, pass through thy land: but the king of Edom would not hearken thereto. And in like manner they sent unto the king of Moab: but he would not consent: and Israel abode in Kadesh.	
Judges 11:20	But Sihon trusted not Israel to pass through his coast: but Sihon gathered all his people together, and pitched in Jahaz, and fought against Israel.	
Judges 11:25	And now art thou any thing better than Balak the son of Zippor, king of Moab? did he ever strive against Israel, or did he ever fight against them,	
Judges 11:26	While Israel dwelt in Heshbon and her towns, and in Aroer and her towns, and in all the cities that be along by the coasts of Arnon, three hundred years? why therefore did ye not recover them within that time?	
Judges 11:40	That the daughters of Israel went yearly to lament the daughter of Jephthah the Gileadite four days in a year.	
Judges 11:6	And they said unto Jephthah, Come, and be our captain, that we may fight with the children of Ammon.	
Judges 12:1	And the men of Ephraim gathered themselves together, and went northward, and said unto Jephthah, Wherefore passedst thou over to fight against the children of Ammon, and didst not call us to go with thee? we will burn thine house upon thee with fire.	
Judges 12:13	And after him Abdon the son of Hillel, a Pirathonite, judged Israel.	
Judges 12:4	Then Jephthah gathered together all the men of Gilead, and fought with Ephraim: and the men of Gilead smote Ephraim, because they said, Ye Gileadites are fugitives of Ephraim among the Ephraimites, and among the Manassites.	
Judges 13:13	And the angel of the LORD said unto Manoah, Of all that I said unto the woman let her beware.	
Judges 13:16	And the angel of the LORD said unto Manoah, Though thou detain me, I will not eat of thy bread: and if thou wilt offer a burnt offering, thou must offer it unto the LORD. For Manoah knew not that he was an angel of the LORD.	
Judges 13:24	And the woman bare a son, and called his name Samson: and the child grew, and the LORD blessed him.	
Judges 13:3	And the angel of the LORD appeared unto the woman, and said unto her, Behold now, thou art barren, and bearest not: but thou shalt conceive, and bear a son.	
Judges 14:11	And it came to pass, when they saw him, that they brought thirty companions to be with him.	
Judges 14:19	And the Spirit of the LORD came upon him, and he went down to Ashkelon, and slew thirty men of them, and took their spoil, and gave change of garments unto them which expounded the riddle. And his anger was kindled, and he went up to his father's house.	
Judges 14:3	Then his father and his mother said unto him, Is there never a woman among the daughters of thy brethren, or among all my people, that thou goest to take a wife of the uncircumcised Philistines? And Samson said unto his father, Get her for me; for she pleaseth me well.	
Judges 15:12	And they said unto him, We are come down to bind thee, that we may deliver thee into the hand of the Philistines. And Samson said unto them, Swear unto me, that ye will not fall upon me yourselves.	
Judges 15:14	And when he came unto Lehi, the Philistines shouted against him: and the Spirit of the LORD came mightily upon him, and the cords that were upon his arms became as flax that was burnt with fire, and his bands loosed from off his hands.	
Judges 15:16	And Samson said, With the jawbone of an ass, heaps upon heaps, with the jaw of an ass have I slain a thousand men.	
Judges 15:19	But God clave an hollow place that was in the jaw, and there came water thereout; and when he had drunk, his spirit came again, and he revived: wherefore he called the name thereof Enhakkore, which is in Lehi unto this day.	
Judges 15:20	And he judged Israel in the days of the Philistines twenty years.	
Judges 16:10	And Delilah said unto Samson, Behold, thou hast mocked me, and told me lies: now tell me, I pray thee, wherewith thou mightest be bound.	
Judges 16:12	Delilah therefore took new ropes, and bound him therewith, and said unto him, The Philistines be upon thee, Samson. And there were liers in wait abiding in the chamber. And he brake them from off his arms like a thread.	
Judges 16:17	That he told her all his heart, and said unto her, There hath not come a razor upon mine head; for I have been a Nazarite unto God from my mother's womb: if I be shaven, then my strength will go from me, and I shall become weak, and be like any other man.	
Judges 16:22	Howbeit the hair of his head began to grow again after he was shaven.	
Judges 16:26	And Samson said unto the lad that held him by the hand, Suffer me that I may feel the pillars whereupon the house standeth, that I may lean upon them.	
Judges 16:28	And Samson called unto the LORD, and said, O Lord God, remember me, I pray thee, and strengthen me, I pray thee, only this once, O God, that I may be at once avenged of the Philistines for my two eyes.	
Judges 16:3	And Samson lay till midnight, and arose at midnight, and took the doors of the gate of the city, and the two posts, and went away with them, bar and all, and put them upon his shoulders, and carried them up to the top of an hill that is before Hebron.	
Judges 16:6	And Delilah said to Samson, Tell me, I pray thee, wherein thy great strength lieth, and wherewith thou mightest be bound to afflict thee.	
Judges 16:8	Then the lords of the Philistines brought up to her seven green withes which had not been dried, and she bound him with them.	
Judges 16:9	Now there were men lying in wait, abiding with her in the chamber. And she said unto him, The Philistines be upon thee, Samson. And he brake the withes, as a thread of tow is broken when it toucheth the fire. So his strength was not known.	
Judges 17:11	And the Levite was content to dwell with the man; and the young man was unto him as one of his sons.	
Judges 17:12	And Micah consecrated the Levite; and the young man became his priest, and was in the house of Micah.	
Judges 17:3	And when he had restored the eleven hundred shekels of silver to his mother, his mother said, I had wholly dedicated the silver unto the LORD from my hand for my son, to make a graven image and a molten image: now therefore I will restore it unto thee.	
Judges 17:4	Yet he restored the money unto his mother; and his mother took two hundred shekels of silver, and gave them to the founder, who made thereof a graven image and a molten image: and they were in the house of Micah.	
Judges 17:5	And the man Micah had an house of gods, and made an ephod, and teraphim, and consecrated one of his sons, who became his priest.	
Judges 18:2	And the children of Dan sent of their family five men from their coasts, men of valor, from Zorah, and from Eshtaol, to spy out the land, and to search it; and they said unto them, Go, search the land: who when they came to mount Ephraim, to the house of Micah, they lodged there.	
Judges 18:24	And he said, Ye have taken away my gods which I made, and the priest, and ye are gone away: and what have I more? and what is this that ye say unto me, What aileth thee?	
Judges 18:28	And there was no deliverer, because it was far from Zidon, and they had no business with any man; and it was in the valley that lieth by Bethrehob. And they built a city, and dwelt therein.	
Judges 18:29	And they called the name of the city Dan, after the name of Dan their father, who was born unto Israel: howbeit the name of the city was Laish at the first.	
Judges 18:3	When they were by the house of Micah, they knew the voice of the young man the Levite: and they turned in thither, and said unto him, Who brought thee hither? and what makest thou in this place? and what hast thou here?	
Judges 18:30	And the children of Dan set up the graven image: and Jonathan, the son of Gershom, the son of Manasseh, he and his sons were priests to the tribe of Dan until the day of the captivity of the land.	
Judges 18:31	And they set them up Micah's graven image, which he made, all the time that the house of God was in Shiloh.	
Judges 18:4	And he said unto them, Thus and thus dealeth Micah with me, and hath hired me, and I am his priest.	
Judges 18:6	And the priest said unto them, Go in peace: before the LORD is your way wherein ye go.	
Judges 19:24	Behold, here is my daughter a maiden, and his concubine; them I will bring out now, and humble ye them, and do with them what seemeth good unto you: but unto this man do not so vile a thing.	
Judges 19:26	Then came the woman in the dawning of the day, and fell down at the door of the man's house where her lord was, till it was light.	
Judges 19:27	And her lord rose up in the morning, and opened the doors of the house, and went out to go his way: and, behold, the woman his concubine was fallen down at the door of the house, and her hands were upon the threshold.	
Judges 19:9	And when the man rose up to depart, he, and his concubine, and his servant, his father in law, the damsel's father, said unto him, Behold, now the day draweth toward evening, I pray you tarry all night: behold, the day groweth to an end, lodge here, that thine heart may be merry; and to morrow get you early on your way, that thou mayest go home.	
Judges 1:12	And Caleb said, He that smiteth Kirjathsepher, and taketh it, to him will I give Achsah my daughter to wife.	
Judges 1:14	And it came to pass, when she came to him, that she moved him to ask of her father a field: and she lighted from off her ass; and Caleb said unto her, What wilt thou?	
Judges 1:17	And Judah went with Simeon his brother, and they slew the Canaanites that inhabited Zephath, and utterly destroyed it. And the name of the city was called Hormah.	
Judges 1:19	And the LORD was with Judah; and he drave out the inhabitants of the mountain; but could not drive out the inhabitants of the valley, because they had chariots of iron.	
Judges 1:21	And the children of Benjamin did not drive out the Jebusites that inhabited Jerusalem; but the Jebusites dwell with the children of Benjamin in Jerusalem unto this day.	
Judges 1:28	And it came to pass, when Israel was strong, that they put the Canaanites to tribute, and did not utterly drive them out.	
Judges 1:3	And Judah said unto Simeon his brother, Come up with me into my lot, that we may fight against the Canaanites; and I likewise will go with thee into thy lot. So Simeon went with him.	
Judges 1:31	Neither did Asher drive out the inhabitants of Accho, nor the inhabitants of Zidon, nor of Ahlab, nor of Achzib, nor of Helbah, nor of Aphik, nor of Rehob:	
Judges 1:34	And the Amorites forced the children of Dan into the mountain: for they would not suffer them to come down to the valley:	
Judges 1:4	And Judah went up; and the LORD delivered the Canaanites and the Perizzites into their hand: and they slew of them in Bezek ten thousand men.	
Judges 1:5	And they found Adonibezek in Bezek: and they fought against him, and they slew the Canaanites and the Perizzites.	
Judges 1:7	And Adonibezek said, Threescore and ten kings, having their thumbs and their great toes cut off, gathered their meat under my table: as I have done, so God hath requited me. And they brought him to Jerusalem, and there he died.	
Judges 20:10	And we will take ten men of an hundred throughout all the tribes of Israel, and an hundred of a thousand, and a thousand out of ten thousand, to fetch victual for the people, that they may do, when they come to Gibeah of Benjamin, according to all the folly that they have wrought in Israel.	
Judges 20:12	And the tribes of Israel sent men through all the tribe of Benjamin, saying, What wickedness is this that is done among you?	
Judges 20:19	And the children of Israel rose up in the morning, and encamped against Gibeah.	
Judges 20:22	And the people the men of Israel encouraged themselves, and set their battle again in array in the place where they put themselves in array the first day.	
Judges 20:23	(And the children of Israel went up and wept before the LORD until even, and asked counsel of the LORD, saying, Shall I go up again to battle against the children of Benjamin my brother? And the LORD said, Go up against him.)	
Judges 20:28	And Phinehas, the son of Eleazar, the son of Aaron, stood before it in those days,) saying, Shall I yet again go out to battle against the children of Benjamin my brother, or shall I cease? And the LORD said, Go up; for to morrow I will deliver them into thine hand.	
Judges 20:30	And the children of Israel went up against the children of Benjamin on the third day, and put themselves in array against Gibeah, as at other times.	
Judges 20:33	And all the men of Israel rose up out of their place, and put themselves in array at Baaltamar: and the liers in wait of Israel came forth out of their places, even out of the meadows of Gibeah.	
Judges 20:36	So the children of Benjamin saw that they were smitten: for the men of Israel gave place to the Benjamites, because they trusted unto the liers in wait which they had set beside Gibeah.	
Judges 20:40	But when the flame began to arise up out of the city with a pillar of smoke, the Benjamites looked behind them, and, behold, the flame of the city ascended up to heaven.	
Judges 20:43	Thus they inclosed the Benjamites round about, and chased them, and trode them down with ease over against Gibeah toward the sunrising.	
Judges 20:46	So that all which fell that day of Benjamin were twenty and five thousand men that drew the sword; all these were men of valor.	
Judges 20:6	And I took my concubine, and cut her in pieces, and sent her throughout all the country of the inheritance of Israel: for they have committed lewdness and folly in Israel.	
Judges 21:17	And they said, There must be an inheritance for them that be escaped of Benjamin, that a tribe be not destroyed out of Israel.	
Judges 21:19	Then they said, Behold, there is a feast of the LORD in Shiloh yearly in a place which is on the north side of Bethel, on the east side of the highway that goeth up from Bethel to Shechem, and on the south of Lebonah.	
Judges 21:3	And said, O LORD God of Israel, why is this come to pass in Israel, that there should be to day one tribe lacking in Israel?	
Judges 21:9	For the people were numbered, and, behold, there were none of the inhabitants of Jabeshgilead there.	
Judges 2:11	And the children of Israel did evil in the sight of the LORD, and served Baalim:	
Judges 2:18	And when the LORD raised them up judges, then the LORD was with the judge, and delivered them out of the hand of their enemies all the days of the judge: for it repented the LORD because of their groanings by reason of them that oppressed them and vexed them.	
Judges 3:17	And he brought the present unto Eglon king of Moab: and Eglon was a very fat man.	
Judges 3:18	And when he had made an end to offer the present, he sent away the people that bare the present.	
Judges 3:2	Only that the generations of the children of Israel might know, to teach them war, at the least such as before knew nothing thereof;	
Judges 3:20	And Ehud came unto him; and he was sitting in a summer parlor, which he had for himself alone. And Ehud said, I have a message from God unto thee. And he arose out of his seat.	
Judges 3:24	When he was gone out, his servants came; and when they saw that, behold, the doors of the parlor were locked, they said, Surely he covereth his feet in his summer chamber.	
Judges 3:28	And he said unto them, Follow after me: for the LORD hath delivered your enemies the Moabites into your hand. And they went down after him, and took the fords of Jordan toward Moab, and suffered not a man to pass over.	
Judges 3:5	And the children of Israel dwelt among the Canaanites, Hittites, and Amorites, and Perizzites, and Hivites, and Jebusites:	
Judges 3:8	Therefore the anger of the LORD was hot against Israel, and he sold them into the hand of Chushanrishathaim king of Mesopotamia: and the children of Israel served Chushanrishathaim eight years.	
Judges 4:1	And the children of Israel again did evil in the sight of the LORD, when Ehud was dead.	
Judges 4:12	And they showed Sisera that Barak the son of Abinoam was gone up to mount Tabor.	
Judges 4:16	But Barak pursued after the chariots, and after the host, unto Harosheth of the Gentiles: and all the host of Sisera fell upon the edge of the sword; and there was not a man left.	
Judges 4:20	Again he said unto her, Stand in the door of the tent, and it shall be, when any man doth come and inquire of thee, and say, Is there any man here? that thou shalt say, No.	
Judges 4:21	Then Jael Heber's wife took a nail of the tent, and took an hammer in her hand, and went softly unto him, and smote the nail into his temples, and fastened it into the ground: for he was fast asleep and weary. So he died.	
Judges 4:5	And she dwelt under the palm tree of Deborah between Ramah and Bethel in mount Ephraim: and the children of Israel came up to her for judgment.	
Judges 4:6	And she sent and called Barak the son of Abinoam out of Kedeshnaphtali, and said unto him, Hath not the LORD God of Israel commanded, saying, Go and draw toward mount Tabor, and take with thee ten thousand men of the children of Naphtali and of the children of Zebulun?	
Judges 4:8	And Barak said unto her, If thou wilt go with me, then I will go: but if thou wilt not go with me, then I will not go.	
Judges 5:10	Speak, ye that ride on white asses, ye that sit in judgment, and walk by the way.	
Judges 5:18	Zebulun and Naphtali were a people that jeoparded their lives unto the death in the high places of the field.	
Judges 5:2	Praise ye the LORD for the avenging of Israel, when the people willingly offered themselves.	
Judges 5:23	Curse ye Meroz, said the angel of the LORD, curse ye bitterly the inhabitants thereof; because they came not to the help of the LORD, to the help of the LORD against the mighty.	
Judges 5:26	She put her hand to the nail, and her right hand to the workmen's hammer; and with the hammer she smote Sisera, she smote off his head, when she had pierced and stricken through his temples.	
Judges 5:3	Hear, O ye kings; give ear, O ye princes; I, even I, will sing unto the LORD; I will sing praise to the LORD God of Israel.	
Judges 6:1	And the children of Israel did evil in the sight of the LORD: and the LORD delivered them into the hand of Midian seven years.	
Judges 6:18	Depart not hence, I pray thee, until I come unto thee, and bring forth my present, and set it before thee. And he said, I will tarry until thou come again.	
Judges 6:20	And the angel of God said unto him, Take the flesh and the unleavened cakes, and lay them upon this rock, and pour out the broth. And he did so.	
Judges 6:28	And when the men of the city arose early in the morning, behold, the altar of Baal was cast down, and the grove was cut down that was by it, and the second bullock was offered upon the altar that was built.	
Judges 6:33	Then all the Midianites and the Amalekites and the children of the east were gathered together, and went over, and pitched in the valley of Jezreel.	
Judges 6:35	And he sent messengers throughout all Manasseh; who also was gathered after him: and he sent messengers unto Asher, and unto Zebulun, and unto Naphtali; and they came up to meet them.	
Judges 6:36	And Gideon said unto God, If thou wilt save Israel by mine hand, as thou hast said,	
Judges 6:37	Behold, I will put a fleece of wool in the floor; and if the dew be on the fleece only, and it be dry upon all the earth beside, then shall I know that thou wilt save Israel by mine hand, as thou hast said.	
Judges 6:4	And they encamped against them, and destroyed the increase of the earth, till thou come unto Gaza, and left no sustenance for Israel, neither sheep, nor ox, nor ass.	
Judges 7:1	Then Jerubbaal, who is Gideon, and all the people that were with him, rose up early, and pitched beside the well of Harod: so that the host of the Midianites were on the north side of them, by the hill of Moreh, in the valley.	
Judges 7:10	But if thou fear to go down, go thou with Phurah thy servant down to the host:	
Judges 7:11	And thou shalt hear what they say; and afterward shall thine hands be strengthened to go down unto the host. Then went he down with Phurah his servant unto the outside of the armed men that were in the host.	
Judges 7:21	And they stood every man in his place round about the camp; and all the host ran, and cried, and fled.	
Judges 7:25	And they took two princes of the Midianites, Oreb and Zeeb; and they slew Oreb upon the rock Oreb, and Zeeb they slew at the winepress of Zeeb, and pursued Midian, and brought the heads of Oreb and Zeeb to Gideon on the other side Jordan.	
Judges 7:3	Now therefore go to, proclaim in the ears of the people, saying, Whosoever is fearful and afraid, let him return and depart early from mount Gilead. And there returned of the people twenty and two thousand; and there remained ten thousand.	
Judges 7:8	So the people took victuals in their hand, and their trumpets: and he sent all the rest of Israel every man unto his tent, and retained those three hundred men: and the host of Midian was beneath him in the valley.	
Judges 8:10	Now Zebah and Zalmunna were in Karkor, and their hosts with them, about fifteen thousand men, all that were left of all the hosts of the children of the east: for there fell an hundred and twenty thousand men that drew sword.	
Judges 8:15	And he came unto the men of Succoth, and said, Behold Zebah and Zalmunna, with whom ye did upbraid me, saying, Are the hands of Zebah and Zalmunna now in thine hand, that we should give bread unto thy men that are weary?	
Judges 8:19	And he said, They were my brethren, even the sons of my mother: as the LORD liveth, if ye had saved them alive, I would not slay you.	
Judges 8:2	And he said unto them, What have I done now in comparison of you? Is not the gleaning of the grapes of Ephraim better than the vintage of Abiezer?	
Judges 8:20	And he said unto Jether his firstborn, Up, and slay them. But the youth drew not his sword: for he feared, because he was yet a youth.	
Judges 8:28	Thus was Midian subdued before the children of Israel, so that they lifted up their heads no more. And the country was in quietness forty years in the days of Gideon.	
Judges 8:3	God hath delivered into your hands the princes of Midian, Oreb and Zeeb: and what was I able to do in comparison of you? Then their anger was abated toward him, when he had said that.	
Judges 8:30	And Gideon had threescore and ten sons of his body begotten: for he had many wives.	
Judges 8:32	And Gideon the son of Joash died in a good old age, and was buried in the sepulchre of Joash his father, in Ophrah of the Abiezrites.	
Judges 8:5	And he said unto the men of Succoth, Give, I pray you, loaves of bread unto the people that follow me; for they be faint, and I am pursuing after Zebah and Zalmunna, kings of Midian.	
Judges 8:6	And the princes of Succoth said, Are the hands of Zebah and Zalmunna now in thine hand, that we should give bread unto thine army?	
Judges 8:7	And Gideon said, Therefore when the LORD hath delivered Zebah and Zalmunna into mine hand, then I will tear your flesh with the thorns of the wilderness and with briers.	
Judges 8:9	And he spake also unto the men of Penuel, saying, When I come again in peace, I will break down this tower.	
Judges 9:1	And Abimelech the son of Jerubbaal went to Shechem unto his mother's brethren, and communed with them, and with all the family of the house of his mother's father, saying,	
Judges 9:12	Then said the trees unto the vine, Come thou, and reign over us.	
Judges 9:14	Then said all the trees unto the bramble, Come thou, and reign over us.	
Judges 9:2	Speak, I pray you, in the ears of all the men of Shechem, Whether is better for you, either that all the sons of Jerubbaal, which are threescore and ten persons, reign over you, or that one reign over you? remember also that I am your bone and your flesh.	
Judges 9:27	And they went out into the fields, and gathered their vineyards, and trode the grapes, and made merry, and went into the house of their god, and did eat and drink, and cursed Abimelech.	
Judges 9:32	Now therefore up by night, thou and the people that is with thee, and lie in wait in the field:	
Judges 9:46	And when all the men of the tower of Shechem heard that, they entered into an hold of the house of the god Berith.	
Judges 9:6	And all the men of Shechem gathered together, and all the house of Millo, and went, and made Abimelech king, by the plain of the pillar that was in Shechem.	
Lamentations 1:10	The adversary hath spread out his hand upon all her pleasant things: for she hath seen that the heathen entered into her sanctuary, whom thou didst command that they should not enter into thy congregation.	
Lamentations 1:11	All her people sigh, they seek bread; they have given their pleasant things for meat to relieve the soul: see, O LORD, and consider; for I am become vile.	
Lamentations 1:13	From above hath he sent fire into my bones, and it prevaileth against them: he hath spread a net for my feet, he hath turned me back: he hath made me desolate and faint all the day.	
Lamentations 1:18	The LORD is righteous; for I have rebelled against his commandment: hear, I pray you, all people, and behold my sorrow: my virgins and my young men are gone into captivity.	
Lamentations 1:19	I called for my lovers, but they deceived me: my priests and mine elders gave up the ghost in the city, while they sought their meat to relieve their souls.	
Lamentations 1:20	Behold, O LORD; for I am in distress: my bowels are troubled; mine heart is turned within me; for I have grievously rebelled: abroad the sword bereaveth, at home there is as death.	
Lamentations 1:4	The ways of Zion do mourn, because none come to the solemn feasts: all her gates are desolate: her priests sigh, her virgins are afflicted, and she is in bitterness.	
Lamentations 1:6	And from the daughter of Zion all her beauty is departed: her princes are become like harts that find no pasture, and they are gone without strength before the pursuer.	
Lamentations 2:12	They say to their mothers, Where is corn and wine? when they swooned as the wounded in the streets of the city, when their soul was poured out into their mothers' bosom.	
Lamentations 2:14	Thy prophets have seen vain and foolish things for thee: and they have not discovered thine iniquity, to turn away thy captivity; but have seen for thee false burdens and causes of banishment.	
Lamentations 2:15	All that pass by clap their hands at thee; they hiss and wag their head at the daughter of Jerusalem, saying, Is this the city that men call The perfection of beauty, The joy of the whole earth?	
Lamentations 2:19	Arise, cry out in the night: in the beginning of the watches pour out thine heart like water before the face of the LORD: lift up thy hands toward him for the life of thy young children, that faint for hunger in the top of every street.	
Lamentations 2:20	Behold, O LORD, and consider to whom thou hast done this. Shall the women eat their fruit, and children of a span long? shall the priest and the prophet be slain in the sanctuary of the Lord?	
Lamentations 3:1	I AM the man that hath seen affliction by the rod of his wrath.	
Lamentations 3:14	I was a derision to all my people; and their song all the day.	
Lamentations 3:15	He hath filled me with bitterness, he hath made me drunken with wormwood.	
Lamentations 3:17	And thou hast removed my soul far off from peace: I forgat prosperity.	
Lamentations 3:21	This I recall to my mind, therefore have I hope.	
Lamentations 3:26	It is good that a man should both hope and quietly wait for the salvation of the LORD.	
Lamentations 3:31	For the LORD will not cast off for ever:	
Lamentations 3:35	To turn aside the right of a man before the face of the most High,	
Lamentations 3:4	My flesh and my skin hath he made old; he hath broken my bones.	
Lamentations 3:44	Thou hast covered thyself with a cloud, that our prayer should not pass through.	
Lamentations 3:45	Thou hast made us as the offscouring and refuse in the midst of the people.	
Lamentations 3:47	Fear and a snare is come upon us, desolation and destruction.	
Lamentations 3:5	He hath builded against me, and compassed me with gall and travail.	
Lamentations 3:6	He hath set me in dark places, as they that be dead of old.	
Lamentations 3:62	The lips of those that rose up against me, and their device against me all the day.	
Lamentations 3:9	He hath inclosed my ways with hewn stone, he hath made my paths crooked.	
Lamentations 4:11	The LORD hath accomplished his fury; he hath poured out his fierce anger, and hath kindled a fire in Zion, and it hath devoured the foundations thereof.	
Lamentations 4:2	The precious sons of Zion, comparable to fine gold, how are they esteemed as earthen pitchers, the work of the hands of the potter!	
Lamentations 4:20	The breath of our nostrils, the anointed of the LORD, was taken in their pits, of whom we said, Under his shadow we shall live among the heathen.	
Lamentations 4:4	The tongue of the sucking child cleaveth to the roof of his mouth for thirst: the young children ask bread, and no man breaketh it unto them.	
Lamentations 5:10	Our skin was black like an oven because of the terrible famine.	
Lamentations 5:14	The elders have ceased from the gate, the young men from their musick.	
Lamentations 5:16	The crown is fallen from our head: woe unto us, that we have sinned!	
Lamentations 5:18	Because of the mountain of Zion, which is desolate, the foxes walk upon it.	
Lamentations 5:20	Wherefore dost thou forget us for ever, and forsake us so long time?	
Lamentations 5:22	But thou hast utterly rejected us; thou art very wroth against us.	
Lamentations 5:3	We are orphans and fatherless, our mothers are as widows.	
Lamentations 5:6	We have given the hand to the Egyptians, and to the Assyrians, to be satisfied with bread.	
Lamentations 5:9	We gat our bread with the peril of our lives because of the sword of the wilderness.	
Leviticus 10:1	And Nadab and Abihu, the sons of Aaron, took either of them his censer, and put fire therein, and put incense thereon, and offered strange fire before the LORD, which he commanded them not.	
Leviticus 10:10	And that ye may put difference between holy and unholy, and between unclean and clean;	
Leviticus 10:2	And there went out fire from the LORD, and devoured them, and they died before the LORD.	
Leviticus 10:5	So they went near, and carried them in their coats out of the camp; as Moses had said.	
Leviticus 11:1	And the LORD spake unto Moses and to Aaron, saying unto them,	
Leviticus 11:10	And all that have not fins and scales in the seas, and in the rivers, of all that move in the waters, and of any living thing which is in the waters, they shall be an abomination unto you:	
Leviticus 11:13	And these are they which ye shall have in abomination among the fowls; they shall not be eaten, they are an abomination: the eagle, and the ossifrage, and the ospray,	
Leviticus 11:16	And the owl, and the night hawk, and the cuckoo, and the hawk after his kind,	
Leviticus 11:22	Even these of them ye may eat; the locust after his kind, and the bald locust after his kind, and the beetle after his kind, and the grasshopper after his kind.	
Leviticus 11:23	But all other flying creeping things, which have four feet, shall be an abomination unto you.	
Leviticus 11:28	And he that beareth the carcass of them shall wash his clothes, and be unclean until the even: they are unclean unto you.	
Leviticus 11:30	And the ferret, and the chameleon, and the lizard, and the snail, and the mole.	
Leviticus 11:31	These are unclean to you among all that creep: whosoever doth touch them, when they be dead, shall be unclean until the even.	
Leviticus 11:34	Of all meat which may be eaten, that on which such water cometh shall be unclean: and all drink that may be drunk in every such vessel shall be unclean.	
Leviticus 11:4	Nevertheless these shall ye not eat of them that chew the cud, or of them that divide the hoof: as the camel, because he cheweth the cud, but divideth not the hoof; he is unclean unto you.	
Leviticus 11:42	Whatsoever goeth upon the belly, and whatsoever goeth upon all four, or whatsoever hath more feet among all creeping things that creep upon the earth, them ye shall not eat; for they are an abomination.	
Leviticus 11:47	To make a difference between the unclean and the clean, and between the beast that may be eaten and the beast that may not be eaten.	
Leviticus 12:3	And in the eighth day the flesh of his foreskin shall be circumcised.	
Leviticus 12:4	And she shall then continue in the blood of her purifying three and thirty days; she shall touch no hallowed thing, nor come into the sanctuary, until the days of her purifying be fulfilled.	
Leviticus 12:7	Who shall offer it before the LORD, and make an atonement for her; and she shall be cleansed from the issue of her blood. This is the law for her that hath born a male or a female.	
Leviticus 13:13	Then the priest shall consider: and, behold, if the leprosy have covered all his flesh, he shall pronounce him clean that hath the plague: it is all turned white: he is clean.	
Leviticus 13:15	And the priest shall see the raw flesh, and pronounce him to be unclean: for the raw flesh is unclean: it is a leprosy.	
Leviticus 13:19	And in the place of the boil there be a white rising, or a bright spot, white, and somewhat reddish, and it be showed to the priest;	
Leviticus 13:20	And if, when the priest seeth it, behold, it be in sight lower than the skin, and the hair thereof be turned white; the priest shall pronounce him unclean: it is a plague of leprosy broken out of the boil.	
Leviticus 13:22	And if it spread much abroad in the skin, then the priest shall pronounce him unclean: it is a plague.	
Leviticus 13:28	And if the bright spot stay in his place, and spread not in the skin, but it be somewhat dark; it is a rising of the burning, and the priest shall pronounce him clean: for it is an inflammation of the burning.	
Leviticus 13:29	If a man or woman have a plague upon the head or the beard;	
Leviticus 13:3	And the priest shall look on the plague in the skin of the flesh: and when the hair in the plague is turned white, and the plague in sight be deeper than the skin of his flesh, it is a plague of leprosy: and the priest shall look on him, and pronounce him unclean.	
Leviticus 13:30	Then the priest shall see the plague: and, behold, if it be in sight deeper than the skin; and there be in it a yellow thin hair; then the priest shall pronounce him unclean: it is a dry scall, even a leprosy upon the head or beard.	
Leviticus 13:31	And if the priest look on the plague of the scall, and, behold, it be not in sight deeper than the skin, and that there is no black hair in it; then the priest shall shut up him that hath the plague of the scall seven days:	
Leviticus 13:34	And in the seventh day the priest shall look on the scall: and, behold, if the scall be not spread in the skin, nor be in sight deeper than the skin; then the priest shall pronounce him clean: and he shall wash his clothes, and be clean.	
Leviticus 13:42	And if there be in the bald head, or bald forehead, a white reddish sore; it is a leprosy sprung up in his bald head, or his bald forehead.	
Leviticus 13:59	This is the law of the plague of leprosy in a garment of woolen or linen, either in the warp, or woof, or any thing of skins, to pronounce it clean, or to pronounce it unclean.	
Leviticus 13:7	But if the scab spread much abroad in the skin, after that he hath been seen of the priest for his cleansing, he shall be seen of the priest again.	
Leviticus 14:1	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,	
Leviticus 14:17	And of the rest of the oil that is in his hand shall the priest put upon the tip of the right ear of him that is to be cleansed, and upon the thumb of his right hand, and upon the great toe of his right foot, upon the blood of the trespass offering:	
Leviticus 14:19	And the priest shall offer the sin offering, and make an atonement for him that is to be cleansed from his uncleanness; and afterward he shall kill the burnt offering:	
Leviticus 14:2	This shall be the law of the leper in the day of his cleansing: He shall be brought unto the priest:	
Leviticus 14:21	And if he be poor, and cannot get so much; then he shall take one lamb for a trespass offering to be waved, to make an atonement for him, and one tenth deal of fine flour mingled with oil for a meat offering, and a log of oil;	
Leviticus 14:23	And he shall bring them on the eighth day for his cleansing unto the priest, unto the door of the tabernacle of the congregation, before the LORD.	
Leviticus 14:25	And he shall kill the lamb of the trespass offering, and the priest shall take some of the blood of the trespass offering, and put it upon the tip of the right ear of him that is to be cleansed, and upon the thumb of his right hand, and upon the great toe of his right foot:	
Leviticus 14:30	And he shall offer the one of the turtledoves, or of the young pigeons, such as he can get;	
Leviticus 14:39	And the priest shall come again the seventh day, and shall look: and, behold, if the plague be spread in the walls of the house;	
Leviticus 14:43	And if the plague come again, and break out in the house, after that he hath taken away the stones, and after he hath scraped the house, and after it is plastered;	
Leviticus 14:45	And he shall break down the house, the stones of it, and the timber thereof, and all the mortar of the house; and he shall carry them forth out of the city into an unclean place.	
Leviticus 14:49	And he shall take to cleanse the house two birds, and cedar wood, and scarlet, and hyssop:	
Leviticus 14:51	And he shall take the cedar wood, and the hyssop, and the scarlet, and the living bird, and dip them in the blood of the slain bird, and in the running water, and sprinkle the house seven times:	
Leviticus 14:53	But he shall let go the living bird out of the city into the open fields, and make an atonement for the house: and it shall be clean.	
Leviticus 14:57	To teach when it is unclean, and when it is clean: this is the law of leprosy.	
Leviticus 14:6	As for the living bird, he shall take it, and the cedar wood, and the scarlet, and the hyssop, and shall dip them and the living bird in the blood of the bird that was killed over the running water:	
Leviticus 14:7	And he shall sprinkle upon him that is to be cleansed from the leprosy seven times, and shall pronounce him clean, and shall let the living bird loose into the open field.	
Leviticus 14:9	But it shall be on the seventh day, that he shall shave all his hair off his head and his beard and his eyebrows, even all his hair he shall shave off: and he shall wash his clothes, also he shall wash his flesh in water, and he shall be clean.	
Leviticus 15:1	And the LORD spake unto Moses and to Aaron, saying,	
Leviticus 15:11	And whomsoever he toucheth that hath the issue, and hath not rinsed his hands in water, he shall wash his clothes, and bathe himself in water, and be unclean until the even.	
Leviticus 15:15	And the priest shall offer them, the one for a sin offering, and the other for a burnt offering; and the priest shall make an atonement for him before the LORD for his issue.	
Leviticus 15:17	And every garment, and every skin, whereon is the seed of copulation, shall be washed with water, and be unclean until the even.	
Leviticus 15:2	Speak unto the children of Israel, and say unto them, When any man hath a running issue out of his flesh, because of his issue he is unclean.	
Leviticus 15:26	Every bed whereon she lieth all the days of her issue shall be unto her as the bed of her separation: and whatsoever she sitteth upon shall be unclean, as the uncleanness of her separation.	
Leviticus 15:28	But if she be cleansed of her issue, then she shall number to herself seven days, and after that she shall be clean.	
Leviticus 15:3	And this shall be his uncleanness in his issue: whether his flesh run with his issue, or his flesh be stopped from his issue, it is his uncleanness.	
Leviticus 15:30	And the priest shall offer the one for a sin offering, and the other for a burnt offering; and the priest shall make an atonement for her before the LORD for the issue of her uncleanness.	
Leviticus 15:6	And he that sitteth on any thing whereon he sat that hath the issue shall wash his clothes, and bathe himself in water, and be unclean until the even.	
Leviticus 15:8	And if he that hath the issue spit upon him that is clean; then he shall wash his clothes, and bathe himself in water, and be unclean until the even.	
Leviticus 16:13	And he shall put the incense upon the fire before the LORD, that the cloud of the incense may cover the mercy seat that is upon the testimony, that he die not:	
Leviticus 16:16	And he shall make an atonement for the holy place, because of the uncleanness of the children of Israel, and because of their transgressions in all their sins: and so shall he do for the tabernacle of the congregation, that remaineth among them in the midst of their uncleanness.	
Leviticus 16:20	And when he hath made an end of reconciling the holy place, and the tabernacle of the congregation, and the altar, he shall bring the live goat:	
Leviticus 16:22	And the goat shall bear upon him all their iniquities unto a land not inhabited: and he shall let go the goat in the wilderness.	
Leviticus 16:26	And he that let go the goat for the scapegoat shall wash his clothes, and bathe his flesh in water, and afterward come into the camp.	
Leviticus 16:3	Thus shall Aaron come into the holy place: with a young bullock for a sin offering, and a ram for a burnt offering.	
Leviticus 16:32	And the priest, whom he shall anoint, and whom he shall consecrate to minister in the priest's office in his father's stead, shall make the atonement, and shall put on the linen clothes, even the holy garments:	
Leviticus 16:34	And this shall be an everlasting statute unto you, to make an atonement for the children of Israel for all their sins once a year. And he did as the LORD commanded Moses.	
Leviticus 17:10	And whatsoever man there be of the house of Israel, or of the strangers that sojourn among you, that eateth any manner of blood; I will even set my face against that soul that eateth blood, and will cut him off from among his people.	
Leviticus 17:11	For the life of the flesh is in the blood: and I have given it to you upon the altar to make an atonement for your souls: for it is the blood that maketh an atonement for the soul.	
Leviticus 17:14	For it is the life of all flesh; the blood of it is for the life thereof: therefore I said unto the children of Israel, Ye shall eat the blood of no manner of flesh: for the life of all flesh is the blood thereof: whosoever eateth it shall be cut off.	
Leviticus 17:5	To the end that the children of Israel may bring their sacrifices, which they offer in the open field, even that they may bring them unto the LORD, unto the door of the tabernacle of the congregation, unto the priest, and offer them for peace offerings unto the LORD.	
Leviticus 18:1	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,	
Leviticus 18:10	The nakedness of thy son's daughter, or of thy daughter's daughter, even their nakedness thou shalt not uncover: for theirs is thine own nakedness.	
Leviticus 18:15	Thou shalt not uncover the nakedness of thy daughter in law: she is thy son's wife; thou shalt not uncover her nakedness.	
Leviticus 18:16	Thou shalt not uncover the nakedness of thy brother's wife: it is thy brother's nakedness.	
Leviticus 18:17	Thou shalt not uncover the nakedness of a woman and her daughter, neither shalt thou take her son's daughter, or her daughter's daughter, to uncover her nakedness; for they are her near kinswomen: it is wickedness.	
Leviticus 18:18	Neither shalt thou take a wife to her sister, to vex her, to uncover her nakedness, beside the other in her life time.	
Leviticus 18:20	Moreover thou shalt not lie carnally with thy neighbor's wife, to defile thyself with her.	
Leviticus 18:24	Defile not ye yourselves in any of these things: for in all these the nations are defiled which I cast out before you:	
Leviticus 18:26	Ye shall therefore keep my statutes and my judgments, and shall not commit any of these abominations; neither any of your own nation, nor any stranger that sojourneth among you:	
Leviticus 18:4	Ye shall do my judgments, and keep mine ordinances, to walk therein: I am the LORD your God.	
Leviticus 18:5	Ye shall therefore keep my statutes, and my judgments: which if a man do, he shall live in them: I am the LORD.	
Leviticus 18:9	The nakedness of thy sister, the daughter of thy father, or daughter of thy mother, whether she be born at home, or born abroad, even their nakedness thou shalt not uncover.	
Leviticus 19:13	Thou shalt not defraud thy neighbor, neither rob him: the wages of him that is hired shall not abide with thee all night until the morning.	
Leviticus 19:30	Ye shall keep my sabbaths, and reverence my sanctuary: I am the LORD.	
Leviticus 19:32	Thou shalt rise up before the hoary head, and honor the face of the old man, and fear thy God: I am the LORD.	
Leviticus 19:36	Just balances, just weights, a just ephah, and a just hin, shall ye have: I am the LORD your God, which brought you out of the land of Egypt.	
Leviticus 19:7	And if it be eaten at all on the third day, it is abominable; it shall not be accepted.	
Leviticus 19:8	Therefore every one that eateth it shall bear his iniquity, because he hath profaned the hallowed thing of the LORD: and that soul shall be cut off from among his people.	
Leviticus 1:14	And if the burnt sacrifice for his offering to the LORD be of fowls, then he shall bring his offering of turtledoves, or of young pigeons.	
Leviticus 1:15	And the priest shall bring it unto the altar, and wring off his head, and burn it on the altar; and the blood thereof shall be wrung out at the side of the altar:	
Leviticus 1:2	Speak unto the children of Israel, and say unto them, If any man of you bring an offering unto the LORD, ye shall bring your offering of the cattle, even of the herd, and of the flock.	
Leviticus 1:5	And he shall kill the bullock before the LORD: and the priests, Aaron's sons, shall bring the blood, and sprinkle the blood round about upon the altar that is by the door of the tabernacle of the congregation.	
Leviticus 20:15	And if a man lie with a beast, he shall surely be put to death: and ye shall slay the beast.	
Leviticus 20:17	And if a man shall take his sister, his father's daughter, or his mother's daughter, and see her nakedness, and she see his nakedness; it is a wicked thing; and they shall be cut off in the sight of their people: he hath uncovered his sister's nakedness; he shall bear his iniquity.	
Leviticus 20:25	Ye shall therefore put difference between clean beasts and unclean, and between unclean fowls and clean: and ye shall not make your souls abominable by beast, or by fowl, or by any manner of living thing that creepeth on the ground, which I have separated from you as unclean.	
Leviticus 20:26	And ye shall be holy unto me: for I the LORD am holy, and have severed you from other people, that ye should be mine.	
Leviticus 20:4	And if the people of the land do any ways hide their eyes from the man, when he giveth of his seed unto Molech, and kill him not:	
Leviticus 21:1	And the LORD said unto Moses, Speak unto the priests the sons of Aaron, and say unto them, There shall none be defiled for the dead among his people:	
Leviticus 21:10	And he that is the high priest among his brethren, upon whose head the anointing oil was poured, and that is consecrated to put on the garments, shall not uncover his head, nor rend his clothes;	
Leviticus 21:12	Neither shall he go out of the sanctuary, nor profane the sanctuary of his God; for the crown of the anointing oil of his God is upon him: I am the LORD.	
Leviticus 21:13	And he shall take a wife in her virginity.	
Leviticus 21:16	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,	
Leviticus 21:17	Speak unto Aaron, saying, Whosoever he be of thy seed in their generations that hath any blemish, let him not approach to offer the bread of his God.	
Leviticus 21:22	He shall eat the bread of his God, both of the most holy, and of the holy.	
Leviticus 21:3	And for his sister a virgin, that is nigh unto him, which hath had no husband; for her may he be defiled.	
Leviticus 21:4	But he shall not defile himself, being a chief man among his people, to profane himself.	
Leviticus 21:6	They shall be holy unto their God, and not profane the name of their God: for the offerings of the LORD made by fire, and the bread of their God, they do offer: therefore they shall be holy.	
Leviticus 22:10	There shall no stranger eat of the holy thing: a sojourner of the priest, or an hired servant, shall not eat of the holy thing.	
Leviticus 22:15	And they shall not profane the holy things of the children of Israel, which they offer unto the LORD;	
Leviticus 22:17	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,	
Leviticus 22:2	Speak unto Aaron and to his sons, that they separate themselves from the holy things of the children of Israel, and that they profane not my holy name in those things which they hallow unto me: I am the LORD.	
Leviticus 22:20	But whatsoever hath a blemish, that shall ye not offer: for it shall not be acceptable for you.	
Leviticus 22:23	Either a bullock or a lamb that hath any thing superfluous or lacking in his parts, that mayest thou offer for a freewill offering; but for a vow it shall not be accepted.	
Leviticus 22:24	Ye shall not offer unto the LORD that which is bruised, or crushed, or broken, or cut; neither shall ye make any offering thereof in your land.	
Leviticus 22:3	Say unto them, Whosoever he be of all your seed among your generations, that goeth unto the holy things, which the children of Israel hallow unto the LORD, having his uncleanness upon him, that soul shall be cut off from my presence: I am the LORD.	
Leviticus 22:4	What man soever of the seed of Aaron is a leper, or hath a running issue; he shall not eat of the holy things, until he be clean. And whoso toucheth any thing that is unclean by the dead, or a man whose seed goeth from him;	
Leviticus 22:9	They shall therefore keep mine ordinance, lest they bear sin for it, and die therefore, if they profane it: I the LORD do sanctify them.	
Leviticus 23:12	And ye shall offer that day when ye wave the sheaf an he lamb without blemish of the first year for a burnt offering unto the LORD.	
Leviticus 23:15	And ye shall count unto you from the morrow after the sabbath, from the day that ye brought the sheaf of the wave offering; seven sabbaths shall be complete:	
Leviticus 23:24	Speak unto the children of Israel, saying, In the seventh month, in the first day of the month, shall ye have a sabbath, a memorial of blowing of trumpets, an holy convocation.	
Leviticus 23:27	Also on the tenth day of this seventh month there shall be a day of atonement: it shall be an holy convocation unto you; and ye shall afflict your souls, and offer an offering made by fire unto the LORD.	
Leviticus 23:31	Ye shall do no manner of work: it shall be a statute for ever throughout your generations in all your dwellings.	
Leviticus 23:34	Speak unto the children of Israel, saying, The fifteenth day of this seventh month shall be the feast of tabernacles for seven days unto the LORD.	
Leviticus 23:38	Beside the sabbaths of the LORD, and beside your gifts, and beside all your vows, and beside all your freewill offerings, which ye give unto the LORD.	
Leviticus 23:6	And on the fifteenth day of the same month is the feast of unleavened bread unto the LORD: seven days ye must eat unleavened bread.	
Leviticus 24:11	And the Israelitish woman's son blasphemed the name of the Lord, and cursed. And they brought him unto Moses: (and his mother's name was Shelomith, the daughter of Dibri, of the tribe of Dan:)	
Leviticus 24:15	And thou shalt speak unto the children of Israel, saying, Whosoever curseth his God shall bear his sin.	
Leviticus 24:18	And he that killeth a beast shall make it good; beast for beast.	
Leviticus 24:19	And if a man cause a blemish in his neighbor; as he hath done, so shall it be done to him;	
Leviticus 24:3	Without the vail of the testimony, in the tabernacle of the congregation, shall Aaron order it from the evening unto the morning before the LORD continually: it shall be a statute for ever in your generations.	
Leviticus 24:6	And thou shalt set them in two rows, six on a row, upon the pure table before the LORD.	
Leviticus 24:9	And it shall be Aaron's and his sons'; and they shall eat it in the holy place: for it is most holy unto him of the offerings of the LORD made by fire by a perpetual statute.	
Leviticus 25:12	For it is the jubilee; it shall be holy unto you: ye shall eat the increase thereof out of the field.	
Leviticus 25:17	Ye shall not therefore oppress one another; but thou shalt fear thy God: for I am the LORD your God.	
Leviticus 25:20	And if ye shall say, What shall we eat the seventh year? behold, we shall not sow, nor gather in our increase:	
Leviticus 25:24	And in all the land of your possession ye shall grant a redemption for the land.	
Leviticus 25:29	And if a man sell a dwelling house in a walled city, then he may redeem it within a whole year after it is sold; within a full year may he redeem it.	
Leviticus 25:30	And if it be not redeemed within the space of a full year, then the house that is in the walled city shall be established for ever to him that bought it throughout his generations: it shall not go out in the jubilee.	
Leviticus 25:31	But the houses of the villages which have no wall round about them shall be counted as the fields of the country: they may be redeemed, and they shall go out in the jubilee.	
Leviticus 25:37	Thou shalt not give him thy money upon usury, nor lend him thy victuals for increase.	
Leviticus 25:38	I am the LORD your God, which brought you forth out of the land of Egypt, to give you the land of Canaan, and to be your God.	
Leviticus 25:41	And then shall he depart from thee, both he and his children with him, and shall return unto his own family, and unto the possession of his fathers shall he return.	
Leviticus 25:45	Moreover of the children of the strangers that do sojourn among you, of them shall ye buy, and of their families that are with you, which they begat in your land: and they shall be your possession.	
Leviticus 25:47	And if a sojourner or stranger wax rich by thee, and thy brother that dwelleth by him wax poor, and sell himself unto the stranger or sojourner by thee, or to the stock of the stranger's family:	
Leviticus 25:53	And as a yearly hired servant shall he be with him: and the other shall not rule with rigor over him in thy sight.	
Leviticus 25:55	For unto me the children of Israel are servants; they are my servants whom I brought forth out of the land of Egypt: I am the LORD your God.	
Leviticus 25:9	Then shalt thou cause the trumpet of the jubilee to sound on the tenth day of the seventh month, in the day of atonement shall ye make the trumpet sound throughout all your land.	
Leviticus 26:12	And I will walk among you, and will be your God, and ye shall be my people.	
Leviticus 26:13	I am the LORD your God, which brought you forth out of the land of Egypt, that ye should not be their bondmen; and I have broken the bands of your yoke, and made you go upright.	
Leviticus 26:17	And I will set my face against you, and ye shall be slain before your enemies: they that hate you shall reign over you; and ye shall flee when none pursueth you.	
Leviticus 26:19	And I will break the pride of your power; and I will make your heaven as iron, and your earth as brass:	
Leviticus 26:20	And your strength shall be spent in vain: for your land shall not yield her increase, neither shall the trees of the land yield their fruits.	
Leviticus 26:21	And if ye walk contrary unto me, and will not hearken unto me; I will bring seven times more plagues upon you according to your sins.	
Leviticus 26:27	And if ye will not for all this hearken unto me, but walk contrary unto me;	
Leviticus 26:28	Then I will walk contrary unto you also in fury; and I, even I, will chastise you seven times for your sins.	
Leviticus 26:29	And ye shall eat the flesh of your sons, and the flesh of your daughters shall ye eat.	
Leviticus 26:31	And I will make your cities waste, and bring your sanctuaries unto desolation, and I will not smell the savor of your sweet odors.	
Leviticus 26:36	And upon them that are left alive of you I will send a faintness into their hearts in the lands of their enemies; and the sound of a shaken leaf shall chase them; and they shall flee, as fleeing from a sword; and they shall fall when none pursueth.	
Leviticus 26:40	If they shall confess their iniquity, and the iniquity of their fathers, with their trespass which they trespassed against me, and that also they have walked contrary unto me;	
Leviticus 26:43	The land also shall be left of them, and shall enjoy her sabbaths, while she lieth desolate without them: and they shall accept of the punishment of their iniquity: because, even because they despised my judgments, and because their soul abhorred my statutes.	
Leviticus 26:44	And yet for all that, when they be in the land of their enemies, I will not cast them away, neither will I abhor them, to destroy them utterly, and to break my covenant with them: for I am the LORD their God.	
Leviticus 27:10	He shall not alter it, nor change it, a good for a bad, or a bad for a good: and if he shall at all change beast for beast, then it and the exchange thereof shall be holy.	
Leviticus 27:14	And when a man shall sanctify his house to be holy unto the LORD, then the priest shall estimate it, whether it be good or bad: as the priest shall estimate it, so shall it stand.	
Leviticus 27:15	And if he that sanctified it will redeem his house, then he shall add the fifth part of the money of thy estimation unto it, and it shall be his.	
Leviticus 27:16	And if a man shall sanctify unto the LORD some part of a field of his possession, then thy estimation shall be according to the seed thereof: an homer of barley seed shall be valued at fifty shekels of silver.	
Leviticus 27:19	And if he that sanctified the field will in any wise redeem it, then he shall add the fifth part of the money of thy estimation unto it, and it shall be assured to him.	
Leviticus 27:2	Speak unto the children of Israel, and say unto them, When a man shall make a singular vow, the persons shall be for the LORD by thy estimation.	
Leviticus 27:20	And if he will not redeem the field, or if he have sold the field to another man, it shall not be redeemed any more.	
Leviticus 27:22	And if a man sanctify unto the LORD a field which he hath bought, which is not of the fields of his possession;	
Leviticus 27:25	And all thy estimations shall be according to the shekel of the sanctuary: twenty gerahs shall be the shekel.	
Leviticus 27:30	And all the tithe of the land, whether of the seed of the land, or of the fruit of the tree, is the LORD's: it is holy unto the LORD.	
Leviticus 27:5	And if it be from five years old even unto twenty years old, then thy estimation shall be of the male twenty shekels, and for the female ten shekels.	
Leviticus 27:6	And if it be from a month old even unto five years old, then thy estimation shall be of the male five shekels of silver, and for the female thy estimation shall be three shekels of silver.	
Leviticus 2:14	And if thou offer a meat offering of thy firstfruits unto the LORD, thou shalt offer for the meat offering of thy firstfruits green ears of corn dried by the fire, even corn beaten out of full ears.	
Leviticus 2:3	And the remnant of the meat offering shall be Aaron's and his sons': it is a thing most holy of the offerings of the LORD made by fire.	
Leviticus 3:3	And he shall offer of the sacrifice of the peace offering an offering made by fire unto the LORD; the fat that covereth the inwards, and all the fat that is upon the inwards,	
Leviticus 3:4	And the two kidneys, and the fat that is on them, which is by the flanks, and the caul above the liver, with the kidneys, it shall he take away.	
Leviticus 4:12	Even the whole bullock shall he carry forth without the camp unto a clean place, where the ashes are poured out, and burn him on the wood with fire: where the ashes are poured out shall he be burnt.	
Leviticus 4:13	And if the whole congregation of Israel sin through ignorance, and the thing be hid from the eyes of the assembly, and they have done somewhat against any of the commandments of the LORD concerning things which should not be done, and are guilty;	
Leviticus 4:27	And if any one of the common people sin through ignorance, while he doeth somewhat against any of the commandments of the LORD concerning things which ought not to be done, and be guilty;	
Leviticus 4:7	And the priest shall put some of the blood upon the horns of the altar of sweet incense before the LORD, which is in the tabernacle of the congregation; and shall pour all the blood of the bullock at the bottom of the altar of the burnt offering, which is at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation.	
Leviticus 5:10	And he shall offer the second for a burnt offering, according to the manner: and the priest shall make an atonement for him for his sin which he hath sinned, and it shall be forgiven him.	
Leviticus 5:18	And he shall bring a ram without blemish out of the flock, with thy estimation, for a trespass offering, unto the priest: and the priest shall make an atonement for him concerning his ignorance wherein he erred and wist it not, and it shall be forgiven him.	
Leviticus 5:2	Or if a soul touch any unclean thing, whether it be a carcass of an unclean beast, or a carcass of unclean cattle, or the carcass of unclean creeping things, and if it be hidden from him; he also shall be unclean, and guilty.	
Leviticus 5:4	Or if a soul swear, pronouncing with his lips to do evil, or to do good, whatsoever it be that a man shall pronounce with an oath, and it be hid from him; when he knoweth of it, then he shall be guilty in one of these.	
Leviticus 5:7	And if he be not able to bring a lamb, then he shall bring for his trespass, which he hath committed, two turtledoves, or two young pigeons, unto the LORD; one for a sin offering, and the other for a burnt offering.	
Leviticus 6:15	And he shall take of it his handful, of the flour of the meat offering, and of the oil thereof, and all the frankincense which is upon the meat offering, and shall burn it upon the altar for a sweet savor, even the memorial of it, unto the LORD.	
Leviticus 6:17	It shall not be baked with leaven. I have given it unto them for their portion of my offerings made by fire; it is most holy, as is the sin offering, and as the trespass offering.	
Leviticus 6:21	In a pan it shall be made with oil; and when it is baked, thou shalt bring it in: and the baked pieces of the meat offering shalt thou offer for a sweet savor unto the LORD.	
Leviticus 6:24	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,	
Leviticus 6:26	The priest that offereth it for sin shall eat it: in the holy place shall it be eaten, in the court of the tabernacle of the congregation.	
Leviticus 6:28	But the earthen vessel wherein it is sodden shall be broken: and if it be sodden in a brazen pot, it shall be both scoured, and rinsed in water.	
Leviticus 6:29	All the males among the priests shall eat thereof: it is most holy.	
Leviticus 6:4	Then it shall be, because he hath sinned, and is guilty, that he shall restore that which he took violently away, or the thing which he hath deceitfully gotten, or that which was delivered him to keep, or the lost thing which he found,	
Leviticus 6:8	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,	
Leviticus 6:9	Command Aaron and his sons, saying, This is the law of the burnt offering: It is the burnt offering, because of the burning upon the altar all night unto the morning, and the fire of the altar shall be burning in it.	
Leviticus 7:1	Likewise this is the law of the trespass offering: it is most holy.	
Leviticus 7:12	If he offer it for a thanksgiving, then he shall offer with the sacrifice of thanksgiving unleavened cakes mingled with oil, and unleavened wafers anointed with oil, and cakes mingled with oil, of fine flour, fried.	
Leviticus 7:15	And the flesh of the sacrifice of his peace offerings for thanksgiving shall be eaten the same day that it is offered; he shall not leave any of it until the morning.	
Leviticus 7:16	But if the sacrifice of his offering be a vow, or a voluntary offering, it shall be eaten the same day that he offereth his sacrifice: and on the morrow also the remainder of it shall be eaten:	
Leviticus 7:19	And the flesh that toucheth any unclean thing shall not be eaten; it shall be burnt with fire: and as for the flesh, all that be clean shall eat thereof.	
Leviticus 7:24	And the fat of the beast that dieth of itself, and the fat of that which is torn with beasts, may be used in any other use: but ye shall in no wise eat of it.	
Leviticus 7:30	His own hands shall bring the offerings of the LORD made by fire, the fat with the breast, it shall he bring, that the breast may be waved for a wave offering before the LORD.	
Leviticus 7:36	Which the LORD commanded to be given them of the children of Israel, in the day that he anointed them, by a statute for ever throughout their generations.	
Leviticus 7:6	Every male among the priests shall eat thereof: it shall be eaten in the holy place: it is most holy.	
Leviticus 7:8	And the priest that offereth any man's burnt offering, even the priest shall have to himself the skin of the burnt offering which he hath offered.	
Leviticus 7:9	And all the meat offering that is baked in the oven, and all that is dressed in the frying pan, and in the pan, shall be the priest's that offereth it.	
Leviticus 8:11	And he sprinkled thereof upon the altar seven times, and anointed the altar and all his vessels, both the laver and his foot, to sanctify them.	
Leviticus 8:12	And he poured of the anointing oil upon Aaron's head, and anointed him, to sanctify him.	
Leviticus 8:18	And he brought the ram for the burnt offering: and Aaron and his sons laid their hands upon the head of the ram.	
Leviticus 8:20	And he cut the ram into pieces; and Moses burnt the head, and the pieces, and the fat.	
Leviticus 8:22	And he brought the other ram, the ram of consecration: and Aaron and his sons laid their hands upon the head of the ram.	
Leviticus 8:28	And Moses took them from off their hands, and burnt them on the altar upon the burnt offering: they were consecrations for a sweet savor: it is an offering made by fire unto the LORD.	
Leviticus 8:31	And Moses said unto Aaron and to his sons, Boil the flesh at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation: and there eat it with the bread that is in the basket of consecrations, as I commanded, saying, Aaron and his sons shall eat it.	
Leviticus 8:35	Therefore shall ye abide at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation day and night seven days, and keep the charge of the LORD, that ye die not: for so I am commanded.	
Leviticus 8:36	So Aaron and his sons did all things which the LORD commanded by the hand of Moses.	
Leviticus 8:4	And Moses did as the LORD commanded him; and the assembly was gathered together unto the door of the tabernacle of the congregation.	
Leviticus 8:7	And he put upon him the coat, and girded him with the girdle, and clothed him with the robe, and put the ephod upon him, and he girded him with the curious girdle of the ephod, and bound it unto him therewith.	
Leviticus 9:11	And the flesh and the hide he burnt with fire without the camp.	
Leviticus 9:13	And they presented the burnt offering unto him, with the pieces thereof, and the head: and he burnt them upon the altar.	
Leviticus 9:16	And he brought the burnt offering, and offered it according to the manner.	
Leviticus 9:17	And he brought the meat offering, and took an handful thereof, and burnt it upon the altar, beside the burnt sacrifice of the morning.	
Leviticus 9:23	And Moses and Aaron went into the tabernacle of the congregation, and came out, and blessed the people: and the glory of the LORD appeared unto all the people.	
Leviticus 9:6	And Moses said, This is the thing which the LORD commanded that ye should do: and the glory of the LORD shall appear unto you.	
Leviticus 9:8	Aaron therefore went unto the altar, and slew the calf of the sin offering, which was for himself.	
Luke 10:10	But into whatsoever city ye enter, and they receive you not, go your ways out into the streets of the same, and say,	
Luke 10:15	And thou, Capernaum, which art exalted to heaven, shalt be thrust down to hell.	
Luke 10:2	Therefore said he unto them, The harvest truly is great, but the labourers are few: pray ye therefore the Lord of the harvest, that he would send forth labourers into his harvest.	
Luke 10:26	He said unto him, What is written in the law? how readest thou?	
Luke 10:27	And he answering said, Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy strength, and with all thy mind; and thy neighbour as thyself.	
Luke 10:32	And likewise a Levite, when he was at the place, came and looked on him, and passed by on the other side.	
Luke 10:33	But a certain Samaritan, as he journeyed, came where he was: and when he saw him, he had compassion on him,	
Luke 10:35	And on the morrow when he departed, he took out two pence, and gave them to the host, and said unto him, Take care of him; and whatsoever thou spendest more, when I come again, I will repay thee.	
Luke 10:37	And he said, He that shewed mercy on him. Then said Jesus unto him, Go, and do thou likewise.	
Luke 10:4	Carry neither purse, nor scrip, nor shoes: and salute no man by the way.	
Luke 10:8	And into whatsoever city ye enter, and they receive you, eat such things as are set before you:	
Luke 10:9	And heal the sick that are therein, and say unto them, The kingdom of God is come nigh unto you.	
Luke 11:10	For every one that asketh receiveth; and he that seeketh findeth; and to him that knocketh it shall be opened.	
Luke 11:25	And when he cometh, he findeth it swept and garnished.	
Luke 11:28	But he said, Yea rather, blessed are they that hear the word of God, and keep it.	
Luke 11:3	Give us day by day our daily bread.	
Luke 11:32	The men of Nineve shall rise up in the judgment with this generation, and shall condemn it: for they repented at the preaching of Jonas; and, behold, a greater than Jonas is here.	
Luke 11:37	And as he spake, a certain Pharisee besought him to dine with him: and he went in, and sat down to meat.	
Luke 11:38	And when the Pharisee saw it, he marvelled that he had not first washed before dinner.	
Luke 11:39	And the Lord said unto him, Now do ye Pharisees make clean the outside of the cup and the platter; but your inward part is full of ravening and wickedness.	
Luke 11:49	Therefore also said the wisdom of God, I will send them prophets and apostles, and some of them they shall slay and persecute:	
Luke 11:5	And he said unto them, Which of you shall have a friend, and shall go unto him at midnight, and say unto him, Friend, lend me three loaves;	
Luke 11:50	That the blood of all the prophets, which was shed from the foundation of the world, may be required of this generation;	
Luke 11:6	For a friend of mine in his journey is come to me, and I have nothing to set before him?	
Luke 11:8	I say unto you, Though he will not rise and give him, because he is his friend, yet because of his importunity he will rise and give him as many as he needeth.	
Luke 12:18	And he said, This will I do: I will pull down my barns, and build greater; and there will I bestow all my fruits and my goods.	
Luke 12:30	For all these things do the nations of the world seek after: and your Father knoweth that ye have need of these things.	
Luke 12:37	Blessed are those servants, whom the lord when he cometh shall find watching: verily I say unto you, that he shall gird himself, and make them to sit down to meat, and will come forth and serve them.	
Luke 12:40	Be ye therefore ready also: for the Son of man cometh at an hour when ye think not.	
Luke 12:45	But and if that servant say in his heart, My lord delayeth his coming; and shall begin to beat the menservants and maidens, and to eat and drink, and to be drunken;	
Luke 12:48	But he that knew not, and did commit things worthy of stripes, shall be beaten with few stripes. For unto whomsoever much is given, of him shall be much required: and to whom men have committed much, of him they will ask the more.	
Luke 12:50	But I have a baptism to be baptized with; and how am I straitened till it be accomplished!	
Luke 12:53	The father shall be divided against the son, and the son against the father; the mother against the daughter, and the daughter against the mother; the mother in law against her daughter in law, and the daughter in law against her mother in law.	
Luke 12:55	And when ye see the south wind blow, ye say, There will be heat; and it cometh to pass.	
Luke 12:56	Ye hypocrites, ye can discern the face of the sky and of the earth; but how is it that ye do not discern this time?	
Luke 12:8	Also I say unto you, Whosoever shall confess me before men, him shall the Son of man also confess before the angels of God:	
Luke 13:10	And he was teaching in one of the synagogues on the sabbath.	
Luke 13:20	And again he said, Whereunto shall I liken the kingdom of God?	
Luke 13:32	And he said unto them, Go ye, and tell that fox, Behold, I cast out devils, and I do cures to day and to morrow, and the third day I shall be perfected.	
Luke 13:34	O Jerusalem, Jerusalem, which killest the prophets, and stonest them that are sent unto thee; how often would I have gathered thy children together, as a hen doth gather her brood under her wings, and ye would not!	
Luke 13:35	Behold, your house is left unto you desolate: and verily I say unto you, Ye shall not see me, until the time come when ye shall say, Blessed is he that cometh in the name of the Lord.	
Luke 13:4	Or those eighteen, upon whom the tower in Siloam fell, and slew them, think ye that they were sinners above all men that dwelt in Jerusalem?	
Luke 13:6	He spake also this parable; A certain man had a fig tree planted in his vineyard; and he came and sought fruit thereon, and found none.	
Luke 13:7	Then said he unto the dresser of his vineyard, Behold, these three years I come seeking fruit on this fig tree, and find none: cut it down; why cumbereth it the ground?	
Luke 14:13	But when thou makest a feast, call the poor, the maimed, the lame, the blind:	
Luke 14:14	And thou shalt be blessed; for they cannot recompense thee: for thou shalt be recompensed at the resurrection of the just.	
Luke 14:15	And when one of them that sat at meat with him heard these things, he said unto him, Blessed is he that shall eat bread in the kingdom of God.	
Luke 14:16	Then said he unto him, A certain man made a great supper, and bade many:	
Luke 14:20	And another said, I have married a wife, and therefore I cannot come.	
Luke 14:3	And Jesus answering spake unto the lawyers and Pharisees, saying, Is it lawful to heal on the sabbath day?	
Luke 14:30	Saying, This man began to build, and was not able to finish.	
Luke 14:9	And he that bade thee and him come and say to thee, Give this man place; and thou begin with shame to take the lowest room.	
Luke 15:1	Then drew near unto him all the publicans and sinners for to hear him.	
Luke 15:13	And not many days after the younger son gathered all together, and took his journey into a far country, and there wasted his substance with riotous living.	
Luke 15:14	And when he had spent all, there arose a mighty famine in that land; and he began to be in want.	
Luke 15:19	And am no more worthy to be called thy son: make me as one of thy hired servants.	
Luke 15:21	And the son said unto him, Father, I have sinned against heaven, and in thy sight, and am no more worthy to be called thy son.	
Luke 15:32	It was meet that we should make merry, and be glad: for this thy brother was dead, and is alive again; and was lost, and is found.	
Luke 15:4	What man of you, having an hundred sheep, if he lose one of them, doth not leave the ninety and nine in the wilderness, and go after that which is lost, until he find it?	
Luke 15:5	And when he hath found it, he layeth it on his shoulders, rejoicing.	
Luke 16:1	And he said also unto his disciples, There was a certain rich man, which had a steward; and the same was accused unto him that he had wasted his goods.	
Luke 16:10	He that is faithful in that which is least is faithful also in much: and he that is unjust in the least is unjust also in much.	
Luke 16:12	And if ye have not been faithful in that which is another man's, who shall give you that which is your own?	
Luke 16:15	And he said unto them, Ye are they which justify yourselves before men; but God knoweth your hearts: for that which is highly esteemed among men is abomination in the sight of God.	
Luke 16:19	There was a certain rich man, which was clothed in purple and fine linen, and fared sumptuously every day:	
Luke 16:2	And he called him, and said unto him, How is it that I hear this of thee? give an account of thy stewardship; for thou mayest be no longer steward.	
Luke 16:25	But Abraham said, Son, remember that thou in thy lifetime receivedst thy good things, and likewise Lazarus evil things: but now he is comforted, and thou art tormented.	
Luke 16:26	And beside all this, between us and you there is a great gulf fixed: so that they which would pass from hence to you cannot; neither can they pass to us, that would come from thence.	
Luke 16:30	And he said, Nay, father Abraham: but if one went unto them from the dead, they will repent.	
Luke 16:4	I am resolved what to do, that, when I am put out of the stewardship, they may receive me into their houses.	
Luke 16:5	So he called every one of his lord's debtors unto him, and said unto the first, How much owest thou unto my lord?	
Luke 17:10	So likewise ye, when ye shall have done all those things which are commanded you, say, We are unprofitable servants: we have done that which was our duty to do.	
Luke 17:11	And it came to pass, as he went to Jerusalem, that he passed through the midst of Samaria and Galilee.	
Luke 17:13	And they lifted up their voices, and said, Jesus, Master, have mercy on us.	
Luke 17:15	And one of them, when he saw that he was healed, turned back, and with a loud voice glorified God,	
Luke 17:2	It were better for him that a millstone were hanged about his neck, and he cast into the sea, than that he should offend one of these little ones.	
Luke 17:21	Neither shall they say, Lo here! or, lo there! for, behold, the kingdom of God is within you.	
Luke 17:22	And he said unto the disciples, The days will come, when ye shall desire to see one of the days of the Son of man, and ye shall not see it.	
Luke 17:27	They did eat, they drank, they married wives, they were given in marriage, until the day that Noe entered into the ark, and the flood came, and destroyed them all.	
Luke 17:28	Likewise also as it was in the days of Lot; they did eat, they drank, they bought, they sold, they planted, they builded;	
Luke 17:29	But the same day that Lot went out of Sodom it rained fire and brimstone from heaven, and destroyed them all.	
Luke 17:3	Take heed to yourselves: If thy brother trespass against thee, rebuke him; and if he repent, forgive him.	
Luke 17:35	Two women shall be grinding together; the one shall be taken, and the other left.	
Luke 17:7	But which of you, having a servant plowing or feeding cattle, will say unto him by and by, when he is come from the field, Go and sit down to meat?	
Luke 17:8	And will not rather say unto him, Make ready wherewith I may sup, and gird thyself, and serve me, till I have eaten and drunken; and afterward thou shalt eat and drink?	
Luke 17:9	Doth he thank that servant because he did the things that were commanded him? I trow not.	
Luke 18:1	And he spake a parable unto them to this end, that men ought always to pray, and not to faint;	
Luke 18:12	I fast twice in the week, I give tithes of all that I possess.	
Luke 18:13	And the publican, standing afar off, would not lift up so much as his eyes unto heaven, but smote upon his breast, saying, God be merciful to me a sinner.	
Luke 18:15	And they brought unto him also infants, that he would touch them: but when his disciples saw it, they rebuked them.	
Luke 18:2	Saying, There was in a city a judge, which feared not God, neither regarded man:	
Luke 18:20	Thou knowest the commandments, Do not commit adultery, Do not kill, Do not steal, Do not bear false witness, Honour thy father and thy mother.	
Luke 18:23	And when he heard this, he was very sorrowful: for he was very rich.	
Luke 18:24	And when Jesus saw that he was very sorrowful, he said, How hardly shall they that have riches enter into the kingdom of God!	
Luke 18:27	And he said, The things which are impossible with men are possible with God.	
Luke 18:29	And he said unto them, Verily I say unto you, There is no man that hath left house, or parents, or brethren, or wife, or children, for the kingdom of God's sake,	
Luke 18:30	Who shall not receive manifold more in this present time, and in the world to come life everlasting.	
Luke 18:33	And they shall scourge him, and put him to death: and the third day he shall rise again.	
Luke 18:7	And shall not God avenge his own elect, which cry day and night unto him, though he bear long with them?	
Luke 19:11	And as they heard these things, he added and spake a parable, because he was nigh to Jerusalem, and because they thought that the kingdom of God should immediately appear.	
Luke 19:13	And he called his ten servants, and delivered them ten pounds, and said unto them, Occupy till I come.	
Luke 19:19	And he said likewise to him, Be thou also over five cities.	
Luke 19:2	And, behold, there was a man named Zacchaeus, which was the chief among the publicans, and he was rich.	
Luke 19:21	For I feared thee, because thou art an austere man: thou takest up that thou layedst not down, and reapest that thou didst not sow.	
Luke 19:26	For I say unto you, That unto every one which hath shall be given; and from him that hath not, even that he hath shall be taken away from him.	
Luke 19:27	But those mine enemies, which would not that I should reign over them, bring hither, and slay them before me.	
Luke 19:48	And could not find what they might do: for all the people were very attentive to hear him.	
Luke 19:5	And when Jesus came to the place, he looked up, and saw him, and said unto him, Zacchaeus, make haste, and come down; for to day I must abide at thy house.	
Luke 19:8	And Zacchaeus stood, and said unto the Lord: Behold, Lord, the half of my goods I give to the poor; and if I have taken any thing from any man by false accusation, I restore him fourfold.	
Luke 1:13	But the angel said unto him, Fear not, Zacharias: for thy prayer is heard; and thy wife Elisabeth shall bear thee a son, and thou shalt call his name John.	
Luke 1:15	For he shall be great in the sight of the Lord, and shall drink neither wine nor strong drink; and he shall be filled with the Holy Ghost, even from his mother's womb.	
Luke 1:17	And he shall go before him in the spirit and power of Elias, to turn the hearts of the fathers to the children, and the disobedient to the wisdom of the just; to make ready a people prepared for the Lord.	
Luke 1:22	And when he came out, he could not speak unto them: and they perceived that he had seen a vision in the temple: for he beckoned unto them, and remained speechless.	
Luke 1:25	Thus hath the Lord dealt with me in the days wherein he looked on me, to take away my reproach among men.	
Luke 1:27	To a virgin espoused to a man whose name was Joseph, of the house of David; and the virgin's name was Mary.	
Luke 1:34	Then said Mary unto the angel, How shall this be, seeing I know not a man?	
Luke 1:36	And, behold, thy cousin Elisabeth, she hath also conceived a son in her old age: and this is the sixth month with her, who was called barren.	
Luke 1:39	And Mary arose in those days, and went into the hill country with haste, into a city of Juda;	
Luke 1:4	That thou mightest know the certainty of those things, wherein thou hast been instructed.	
Luke 1:48	For he hath regarded the low estate of his handmaiden: for, behold, from henceforth all generations shall call me blessed.	
Luke 1:49	For he that is mighty hath done to me great things; and holy is his name.	
Luke 1:50	And his mercy is on them that fear him from generation to generation.	
Luke 1:56	And Mary abode with her about three months, and returned to her own house.	
Luke 1:59	And it came to pass, that on the eighth day they came to circumcise the child; and they called him Zacharias, after the name of his father.	
Luke 1:61	And they said unto her, There is none of thy kindred that is called by this name.	
Luke 1:68	Blessed be the Lord God of Israel; for he hath visited and redeemed his people,	
Luke 1:72	To perform the mercy promised to our fathers, and to remember his holy covenant;	
Luke 1:75	In holiness and righteousness before him, all the days of our life.	
Luke 1:8	And it came to pass, that while he executed the priest's office before God in the order of his course,	
Luke 20:1	And it came to pass, that on one of those days, as he taught the people in the temple, and preached the gospel, the chief priests and the scribes came upon him with the elders,	
Luke 20:17	And he beheld them, and said, What is this then that is written, The stone which the builders rejected, the same is become the head of the corner?	
Luke 20:21	And they asked him, saying, Master, we know that thou sayest and teachest rightly, neither acceptest thou the person of any, but teachest the way of God truly:	
Luke 20:3	And he answered and said unto them, I will also ask you one thing; and answer me:	
Luke 20:31	And the third took her; and in like manner the seven also: and they left no children, and died.	
Luke 20:33	Therefore in the resurrection whose wife of them is she? for seven had her to wife.	
Luke 20:35	But they which shall be accounted worthy to obtain that world, and the resurrection from the dead, neither marry, nor are given in marriage:	
Luke 20:39	Then certain of the scribes answering said, Master, thou hast well said.	
Luke 20:40	And after that they durst not ask him any question at all.	
Luke 20:8	And Jesus said unto them, Neither tell I you by what authority I do these things.	
Luke 21:12	But before all these, they shall lay their hands on you, and persecute you, delivering you up to the synagogues, and into prisons, being brought before kings and rulers for my name's sake.	
Luke 21:13	And it shall turn to you for a testimony.	
Luke 21:18	But there shall not an hair of your head perish.	
Luke 21:2	And he saw also a certain poor widow casting in thither two mites.	
Luke 21:20	And when ye shall see Jerusalem compassed with armies, then know that the desolation thereof is nigh.	
Luke 21:21	Then let them which are in Judaea flee to the mountains; and let them which are in the midst of it depart out; and let not them that are in the countries enter thereinto.	
Luke 21:29	And he spake to them a parable; Behold the fig tree, and all the trees;	
Luke 21:31	So likewise ye, when ye see these things come to pass, know ye that the kingdom of God is nigh at hand.	
Luke 21:32	Verily I say unto you, This generation shall not pass away, till all be fulfilled.	
Luke 21:35	For as a snare shall it come on all them that dwell on the face of the whole earth.	
Luke 21:6	As for these things which ye behold, the days will come, in the which there shall not be left one stone upon another, that shall not be thrown down.	
Luke 22:13	And they went, and found as he had said unto them: and they made ready the passover.	
Luke 22:15	And he said unto them, With desire I have desired to eat this passover with you before I suffer:	
Luke 22:16	For I say unto you, I will not any more eat thereof, until it be fulfilled in the kingdom of God.	
Luke 22:18	For I say unto you, I will not drink of the fruit of the vine, until the kingdom of God shall come.	
Luke 22:19	And he took bread, and gave thanks, and brake it, and gave unto them, saying, This is my body which is given for you: this do in remembrance of me.	
Luke 22:23	And they began to enquire among themselves, which of them it was that should do this thing.	
Luke 22:25	And he said unto them, The kings of the Gentiles exercise lordship over them; and they that exercise authority upon them are called benefactors.	
Luke 22:30	That ye may eat and drink at my table in my kingdom, and sit on thrones judging the twelve tribes of Israel.	
Luke 22:34	And he said, I tell thee, Peter, the cock shall not crow this day, before that thou shalt thrice deny that thou knowest me.	
Luke 22:42	Saying, Father, if thou be willing, remove this cup from me: nevertheless not my will, but thine, be done.	
Luke 22:44	And being in an agony he prayed more earnestly: and his sweat was as it were great drops of blood falling down to the ground.	
Luke 22:47	And while he yet spake, behold a multitude, and he that was called Judas, one of the twelve, went before them, and drew near unto Jesus to kiss him.	
Luke 22:48	But Jesus said unto him, Judas, betrayest thou the Son of man with a kiss?	
Luke 22:49	When they which were about him saw what would follow, they said unto him, Lord, shall we smite with the sword?	
Luke 22:59	And about the space of one hour after another confidently affirmed, saying, Of a truth this fellow also was with him: for he is a Galilaean.	
Luke 22:67	Art thou the Christ? tell us. And he said unto them, If I tell you, ye will not believe:	
Luke 22:7	Then came the day of unleavened bread, when the passover must be killed.	
Luke 23:1	And the whole multitude of them arose, and led him unto Pilate.	
Luke 23:10	And the chief priests and scribes stood and vehemently accused him.	
Luke 23:13	And Pilate, when he had called together the chief priests and the rulers and the people,	
Luke 23:18	And they cried out all at once, saying, Away with this man, and release unto us Barabbas:	
Luke 23:22	And he said unto them the third time, Why, what evil hath he done? I have found no cause of death in him: I will therefore chastise him, and let him go.	
Luke 23:26	And as they led him away, they laid hold upon one Simon, a Cyrenian, coming out of the country, and on him they laid the cross, that he might bear it after Jesus.	
Luke 23:27	And there followed him a great company of people, and of women, which also bewailed and lamented him.	
Luke 23:29	For, behold, the days are coming, in the which they shall say, Blessed are the barren, and the wombs that never bare, and the paps which never gave suck.	
Luke 23:31	For if they do these things in a green tree, what shall be done in the dry?	
Luke 23:34	Then said Jesus, Father, forgive them; for they know not what they do. And they parted his raiment, and cast lots.	
Luke 23:41	And we indeed justly; for we receive the due reward of our deeds: but this man hath done nothing amiss.	
Luke 23:50	And, behold, there was a man named Joseph, a counsellor; and he was a good man, and a just:	
Luke 23:51	(The same had not consented to the counsel and deed of them;) he was of Arimathaea, a city of the Jews: who also himself waited for the kingdom of God.	
Luke 23:52	This man went unto Pilate, and begged the body of Jesus.	
Luke 23:53	And he took it down, and wrapped it in linen, and laid it in a sepulchre that was hewn in stone, wherein never man before was laid.	
Luke 24:1	Now upon the first day of the week, very early in the morning, they came unto the sepulchre, bringing the spices which they had prepared, and certain others with them.	
Luke 24:20	And how the chief priests and our rulers delivered him to be condemned to death, and have crucified him.	
Luke 24:25	Then he said unto them, O fools, and slow of heart to believe all that the prophets have spoken:	
Luke 24:26	Ought not Christ to have suffered these things, and to enter into his glory?	
Luke 24:28	And they drew nigh unto the village, whither they went: and he made as though he would have gone further.	
Luke 24:3	And they entered in, and found not the body of the Lord Jesus.	
Luke 24:37	But they were terrified and affrighted, and supposed that they had seen a spirit.	
Luke 24:43	And he took it, and did eat before them.	
Luke 24:46	And said unto them, Thus it is written, and thus it behoved Christ to suffer, and to rise from the dead the third day:	
Luke 24:8	And they remembered his words,	
Luke 2:17	And when they had seen it, they made known abroad the saying which was told them concerning this child.	
Luke 2:20	And the shepherds returned, glorifying and praising God for all the things that they had heard and seen, as it was told unto them.	
Luke 2:26	And it was revealed unto him by the Holy Ghost, that he should not see death, before he had seen the Lord's Christ.	
Luke 2:30	For mine eyes have seen thy salvation,	
Luke 2:32	A light to lighten the Gentiles, and the glory of thy people Israel.	
Luke 2:33	And Joseph and his mother marvelled at those things which were spoken of him.	
Luke 2:37	And she was a widow of about fourscore and four years, which departed not from the temple, but served God with fastings and prayers night and day.	
Luke 2:4	And Joseph also went up from Galilee, out of the city of Nazareth, into Judaea, unto the city of David, which is called Bethlehem; (because he was of the house and lineage of David:)	
Luke 2:47	And all that heard him were astonished at his understanding and answers.	
Luke 2:50	And they understood not the saying which he spake unto them.	
Luke 2:8	And there were in the same country shepherds abiding in the field, keeping watch over their flock by night.	
Luke 3:1	Now in the fifteenth year of the reign of Tiberius Caesar, Pontius Pilate being governor of Judaea, and Herod being tetrarch of Galilee, and his brother Philip tetrarch of Ituraea and of the region of Trachonitis, and Lysanias the tetrarch of Abilene,	
Luke 3:11	He answereth and saith unto them, He that hath two coats, let him impart to him that hath none; and he that hath meat, let him do likewise.	
Luke 3:16	John answered, saying unto them all, I indeed baptize you with water; but one mightier than I cometh, the latchet of whose shoes I am not worthy to unloose: he shall baptize you with the Holy Ghost and with fire:	
Luke 3:17	Whose fan is in his hand, and he will throughly purge his floor, and will gather the wheat into his garner; but the chaff he will burn with fire unquenchable.	
Luke 3:18	And many other things in his exhortation preached he unto the people.	
Luke 3:25	Which was the son of Mattathias, which was the son of Amos, which was the son of Naum, which was the son of Esli, which was the son of Nagge,	
Luke 3:26	Which was the son of Maath, which was the son of Mattathias, which was the son of Semei, which was the son of Joseph, which was the son of Juda,	
Luke 3:28	Which was the son of Melchi, which was the son of Addi, which was the son of Cosam, which was the son of Elmodam, which was the son of Er,	
Luke 3:31	Which was the son of Melea, which was the son of Menan, which was the son of Mattatha, which was the son of Nathan, which was the son of David,	
Luke 3:4	As it is written in the book of the words of Esaias the prophet, saying, The voice of one crying in the wilderness, Prepare ye the way of the Lord, make his paths straight.	
Luke 3:5	Every valley shall be filled, and every mountain and hill shall be brought low; and the crooked shall be made straight, and the rough ways shall be made smooth;	
Luke 3:9	And now also the axe is laid unto the root of the trees: every tree therefore which bringeth not forth good fruit is hewn down, and cast into the fire.	
Luke 4:10	For it is written, He shall give his angels charge over thee, to keep thee:	
Luke 4:14	And Jesus returned in the power of the Spirit into Galilee: and there went out a fame of him through all the region round about.	
Luke 4:20	And he closed the book, and he gave it again to the minister, and sat down. And the eyes of all them that were in the synagogue were fastened on him.	
Luke 4:24	And he said, Verily I say unto you, No prophet is accepted in his own country.	
Luke 4:33	And in the synagogue there was a man, which had a spirit of an unclean devil, and cried out with a loud voice,	
Luke 4:42	And when it was day, he departed and went into a desert place: and the people sought him, and came unto him, and stayed him, that he should not depart from them.	
Luke 4:7	If thou therefore wilt worship me, all shall be thine.	
Luke 4:9	And he brought him to Jerusalem, and set him on a pinnacle of the temple, and said unto him, If thou be the Son of God, cast thyself down from hence:	
Luke 5:13	And he put forth his hand, and touched him, saying, I will: be thou clean. And immediately the leprosy departed from him.	
Luke 5:14	And he charged him to tell no man: but go, and shew thyself to the priest, and offer for thy cleansing, according as Moses commanded, for a testimony unto them.	
Luke 5:20	And when he saw their faith, he said unto him, Man, thy sins are forgiven thee.	
Luke 5:21	And the scribes and the Pharisees began to reason, saying, Who is this which speaketh blasphemies? Who can forgive sins, but God alone?	
Luke 5:24	But that ye may know that the Son of man hath power upon earth to forgive sins, (he said unto the sick of the palsy,) I say unto thee, Arise, and take up thy couch, and go into thine house.	
Luke 5:3	And he entered into one of the ships, which was Simon's, and prayed him that he would thrust out a little from the land. And he sat down, and taught the people out of the ship.	
Luke 5:31	And Jesus answering said unto them, They that are whole need not a physician; but they that are sick.	
Luke 5:39	No man also having drunk old wine straightway desireth new: for he saith, The old is better.	
Luke 5:4	Now when he had left speaking, he said unto Simon, Launch out into the deep, and let down your nets for a draught.	
Luke 6:10	And looking round about upon them all, he said unto the man, Stretch forth thy hand. And he did so: and his hand was restored whole as the other.	
Luke 6:15	Matthew and Thomas, James the son of Alphaeus, and Simon called Zelotes,	
Luke 6:16	And Judas the brother of James, and Judas Iscariot, which also was the traitor.	
Luke 6:19	And the whole multitude sought to touch him: for there went virtue out of him, and healed them all.	
Luke 6:2	And certain of the Pharisees said unto them, Why do ye that which is not lawful to do on the sabbath days?	
Luke 6:27	But I say unto you which hear, Love your enemies, do good to them which hate you,	
Luke 6:28	Bless them that curse you, and pray for them which despitefully use you.	
Luke 6:29	And unto him that smiteth thee on the one cheek offer also the other; and him that taketh away thy cloak forbid not to take thy coat also.	
Luke 6:30	Give to every man that asketh of thee; and of him that taketh away thy goods ask them not again.	
Luke 6:32	For if ye love them which love you, what thank have ye? for sinners also love those that love them.	
Luke 6:39	And he spake a parable unto them, Can the blind lead the blind? shall they not both fall into the ditch?	
Luke 6:4	How he went into the house of God, and did take and eat the shewbread, and gave also to them that were with him; which it is not lawful to eat but for the priests alone?	
Luke 6:41	And why beholdest thou the mote that is in thy brother's eye, but perceivest not the beam that is in thine own eye?	
Luke 6:49	But he that heareth, and doeth not, is like a man that without a foundation built an house upon the earth; against which the stream did beat vehemently, and immediately it fell; and the ruin of that house was great.	
Luke 6:5	And he said unto them, That the Son of man is Lord also of the sabbath.	
Luke 7:1	Now when he had ended all his sayings in the audience of the people, he entered into Capernaum.	
Luke 7:11	And it came to pass the day after, that he went into a city called Nain; and many of his disciples went with him, and much people.	
Luke 7:19	And John calling unto him two of his disciples sent them to Jesus, saying, Art thou he that should come? or look we for another?	
Luke 7:2	And a certain centurion's servant, who was dear unto him, was sick, and ready to die.	
Luke 7:20	When the men were come unto him, they said, John Baptist hath sent us unto thee, saying, Art thou he that should come? or look we for another?	
Luke 7:23	And blessed is he, whosoever shall not be offended in me.	
Luke 7:30	But the Pharisees and lawyers rejected the counsel of God against themselves, being not baptized of him.	
Luke 7:33	For John the Baptist came neither eating bread nor drinking wine; and ye say, He hath a devil.	
Luke 7:35	But wisdom is justified of all her children.	
Luke 7:38	And stood at his feet behind him weeping, and began to wash his feet with tears, and did wipe them with the hairs of her head, and kissed his feet, and anointed them with the ointment.	
Luke 7:45	Thou gavest me no kiss: but this woman since the time I came in hath not ceased to kiss my feet.	
Luke 7:49	And they that sat at meat with him began to say within themselves, Who is this that forgiveth sins also?	
Luke 8:10	And he said, Unto you it is given to know the mysteries of the kingdom of God: but to others in parables; that seeing they might not see, and hearing they might not understand.	
Luke 8:11	Now the parable is this: The seed is the word of God.	
Luke 8:16	No man, when he hath lighted a candle, covereth it with a vessel, or putteth it under a bed; but setteth it on a candlestick, that they which enter in may see the light.	
Luke 8:20	And it was told him by certain which said, Thy mother and thy brethren stand without, desiring to see thee.	
Luke 8:23	But as they sailed he fell asleep: and there came down a storm of wind on the lake; and they were filled with water, and were in jeopardy.	
Luke 8:25	And he said unto them, Where is your faith? And they being afraid wondered, saying one to another, What manner of man is this! for he commandeth even the winds and water, and they obey him.	
Luke 8:4	And when much people were gathered together, and were come to him out of every city, he spake by a parable:	
Luke 8:40	And it came to pass, that, when Jesus was returned, the people gladly received him: for they were all waiting for him.	
Luke 8:46	And Jesus said, Somebody hath touched me: for I perceive that virtue is gone out of me.	
Luke 8:5	A sower went out to sow his seed: and as he sowed, some fell by the way side; and it was trodden down, and the fowls of the air devoured it.	
Luke 8:53	And they laughed him to scorn, knowing that she was dead.	
Luke 9:10	And the apostles, when they were returned, told him all that they had done. And he took them, and went aside privately into a desert place belonging to the city called Bethsaida.	
Luke 9:13	But he said unto them, Give ye them to eat. And they said, We have no more but five loaves and two fishes; except we should go and buy meat for all this people.	
Luke 9:25	For what is a man advantaged, if he gain the whole world, and lose himself, or be cast away?	
Luke 9:28	And it came to pass about an eight days after these sayings, he took Peter and John and James, and went up into a mountain to pray.	
Luke 9:29	And as he prayed, the fashion of his countenance was altered, and his raiment was white and glistering.	
Luke 9:32	But Peter and they that were with him were heavy with sleep: and when they were awake, they saw his glory, and the two men that stood with him.	
Luke 9:35	And there came a voice out of the cloud, saying, This is my beloved Son: hear him.	
Luke 9:42	And as he was yet a coming, the devil threw him down, and tare him. And Jesus rebuked the unclean spirit, and healed the child, and delivered him again to his father.	
Luke 9:44	Let these sayings sink down into your ears: for the Son of man shall be delivered into the hands of men.	
Luke 9:47	And Jesus, perceiving the thought of their heart, took a child, and set him by him,	
Luke 9:48	And said unto them, Whosoever shall receive this child in my name receiveth me: and whosoever shall receive me receiveth him that sent me: for he that is least among you all, the same shall be great.	
Luke 9:58	And Jesus said unto him, Foxes have holes, and birds of the air have nests; but the Son of man hath not where to lay his head.	
Malachi 1:4	Whereas Edom saith, We are impoverished, but we will return and build the desolate places; thus saith the LORD of hosts, They shall build, but I will throw down; and they shall call them, The border of wickedness, and, The people against whom the LORD hath indignation for ever.	
Malachi 1:7	Ye offer polluted bread upon mine altar; and ye say, Wherein have we polluted thee? In that ye say, The table of the LORD is contemptible.	
Malachi 1:8	And if ye offer the blind for sacrifice, is it not evil? and if ye offer the lame and sick, is it not evil? offer it now unto thy governor; will he be pleased with thee, or accept thy person? saith the LORD of hosts.	
Malachi 1:9	And now, I pray you, beseech God that he will be gracious unto us: this hath been by your means: will he regard your persons? saith the LORD of hosts.	
Malachi 2:1	And now, O ye priests, this commandment is for you.	
Malachi 2:2	If ye will not hear, and if ye will not lay it to heart, to give glory unto my name, saith the LORD of hosts, I will even send a curse upon you, and I will curse your blessings: yea, I have cursed them already, because ye do not lay it to heart.	
Malachi 2:3	Behold, I will corrupt your seed, and spread dung upon your faces, even the dung of your solemn feasts; and one shall take you away with it.	
Malachi 2:4	And ye shall know that I have sent this commandment unto you, that my covenant might be with Levi, saith the LORD of hosts.	
Malachi 3:13	Your words have been stout against me, saith the LORD. Yet ye say, What have we spoken so much against thee?	
Malachi 3:16	Then they that feared the LORD spake often one to another: and the LORD hearkened, and heard it, and a book of remembrance was written before him for them that feared the LORD, and that thought upon his name.	
Malachi 3:3	And he shall sit as a refiner and purifier of silver: and he shall purify the sons of Levi, and purge them as gold and silver, that they may offer unto the LORD an offering in righteousness.	
Malachi 3:4	Then shall the offering of Judah and Jerusalem be pleasant unto the LORD, as in the days of old, and as in former years.	
Malachi 3:6	For I am the LORD, I change not; therefore ye sons of Jacob are not consumed.	
Malachi 3:7	Even from the days of your fathers ye are gone away from mine ordinances, and have not kept them. Return unto me, and I will return unto you, saith the LORD of hosts. But ye said, Wherein shall we return?	
Malachi 3:9	Ye are cursed with a curse: for ye have robbed me, even this whole nation.	
Malachi 4:1	For, behold, the day cometh, that shall burn as an oven; and all the proud, yea, and all that do wickedly, shall be stubble: and the day that cometh shall burn them up, saith the LORD of hosts, that it shall leave them neither root nor branch.	
Malachi 4:2	But unto you that fear my name shall the Sun of righteousness arise with healing in his wings; and ye shall go forth, and grow up as calves of the stall.	
Malachi 4:4	Remember ye the law of Moses my servant, which I commanded unto him in Horeb for all Israel, with the statutes and judgments.	
Mark 10:10	And in the house his disciples asked him again of the same matter.	
Mark 10:12	And if a woman shall put away her husband, and be married to another, she committeth adultery.	
Mark 10:20	And he answered and said unto him, Master, all these have I observed from my youth.	
Mark 10:21	Then Jesus beholding him loved him, and said unto him, One thing thou lackest: go thy way, sell whatsoever thou hast, and give to the poor, and thou shalt have treasure in heaven: and come, take up the cross, and follow me.	
Mark 10:25	It is easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle, than for a rich man to enter into the kingdom of God.	
Mark 10:33	Saying, Behold, we go up to Jerusalem; and the Son of man shall be delivered unto the chief priests, and unto the scribes; and they shall condemn him to death, and shall deliver him to the Gentiles:	
Mark 10:37	They said unto him, Grant unto us that we may sit, one on thy right hand, and the other on thy left hand, in thy glory.	
Mark 10:39	And they said unto him, We can. And Jesus said unto them, Ye shall indeed drink of the cup that I drink of; and with the baptism that I am baptized withal shall ye be baptized:	
Mark 10:41	And when the ten heard it, they began to be much displeased with James and John.	
Mark 10:47	And when he heard that it was Jesus of Nazareth, he began to cry out, and say, Jesus, thou son of David, have mercy on me.	
Mark 11:10	Blessed be the kingdom of our father David, that cometh in the name of the Lord: Hosanna in the highest.	
Mark 11:13	And seeing a fig tree afar off having leaves, he came, if haply he might find any thing thereon: and when he came to it, he found nothing but leaves; for the time of figs was not yet.	
Mark 11:18	And the scribes and chief priests heard it, and sought how they might destroy him: for they feared him, because all the people was astonished at his doctrine.	
Mark 11:19	And when even was come, he went out of the city.	
Mark 11:2	And saith unto them, Go your way into the village over against you: and as soon as ye be entered into it, ye shall find a colt tied, whereon never man sat; loose him, and bring him.	
Mark 11:23	For verily I say unto you, That whosoever shall say unto this mountain, Be thou removed, and be thou cast into the sea; and shall not doubt in his heart, but shall believe that those things which he saith shall come to pass; he shall have whatsoever he saith.	
Mark 11:30	The baptism of John, was it from heaven, or of men? answer me.	
Mark 11:7	And they brought the colt to Jesus, and cast their garments on him; and he sat upon him.	
Mark 11:8	And many spread their garments in the way: and others cut down branches off the trees, and strawed them in the way.	
Mark 12:13	And they send unto him certain of the Pharisees and of the Herodians, to catch him in his words.	
Mark 12:17	And Jesus answering said unto them, Render to Caesar the things that are Caesar's, and to God the things that are God's. And they marvelled at him.	
Mark 12:18	Then come unto him the Sadducees, which say there is no resurrection; and they asked him, saying,	
Mark 12:22	And the seven had her, and left no seed: last of all the woman died also.	
Mark 12:24	And Jesus answering said unto them, Do ye not therefore err, because ye know not the scriptures, neither the power of God?	
Mark 12:31	And the second is like, namely this, Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself. There is none other commandment greater than these.	
Mark 12:36	For David himself said by the Holy Ghost, The LORD said to my Lord, Sit thou on my right hand, till I make thine enemies thy footstool.	
Mark 12:40	Which devour widows' houses, and for a pretence make long prayers: these shall receive greater damnation.	
Mark 12:42	And there came a certain poor widow, and she threw in two mites, which make a farthing.	
Mark 12:43	And he called unto him his disciples, and saith unto them, Verily I say unto you, That this poor widow hath cast more in, than all they which have cast into the treasury:	
Mark 12:7	But those husbandmen said among themselves, This is the heir; come, let us kill him, and the inheritance shall be our's.	
Mark 12:9	What shall therefore the lord of the vineyard do? he will come and destroy the husbandmen, and will give the vineyard unto others.	
Mark 13:17	But woe to them that are with child, and to them that give suck in those days!	
Mark 13:2	And Jesus answering said unto him, Seest thou these great buildings? there shall not be left one stone upon another, that shall not be thrown down.	
Mark 13:26	And then shall they see the Son of man coming in the clouds with great power and glory.	
Mark 13:3	And as he sat upon the mount of Olives over against the temple, Peter and James and John and Andrew asked him privately,	
Mark 13:34	For the Son of Man is as a man taking a far journey, who left his house, and gave authority to his servants, and to every man his work, and commanded the porter to watch.	
Mark 13:36	Lest coming suddenly he find you sleeping.	
Mark 13:5	And Jesus answering them began to say, Take heed lest any man deceive you:	
Mark 14:16	And his disciples went forth, and came into the city, and found as he had said unto them: and they made ready the passover.	
Mark 14:31	But he spake the more vehemently, If I should die with thee, I will not deny thee in any wise. Likewise also said they all.	
Mark 14:32	And they came to a place which was named Gethsemane: and he saith to his disciples, Sit ye here, while I shall pray.	
Mark 14:34	And saith unto them, My soul is exceeding sorrowful unto death: tarry ye here, and watch.	
Mark 14:35	And he went forward a little, and fell on the ground, and prayed that, if it were possible, the hour might pass from him.	
Mark 14:40	And when he returned, he found them asleep again, (for their eyes were heavy,) neither wist they what to answer him.	
Mark 14:42	Rise up, let us go; lo, he that betrayeth me is at hand.	
Mark 14:63	Then the high priest rent his clothes, and saith, What need we any further witnesses?	
Mark 14:9	Verily I say unto you, Wheresoever this gospel shall be preached throughout the whole world, this also that she hath done shall be spoken of for a memorial of her.	
Mark 15:11	But the chief priests moved the people, that he should rather release Barabbas unto them.	
Mark 15:15	And so Pilate, willing to content the people, released Barabbas unto them, and delivered Jesus, when he had scourged him, to be crucified.	
Mark 15:31	Likewise also the chief priests mocking said among themselves with the scribes, He saved others; himself he cannot save.	
Mark 15:36	And one ran and filled a spunge full of vinegar, and put it on a reed, and gave him to drink, saying, Let alone; let us see whether Elias will come to take him down.	
Mark 15:37	And Jesus cried with a loud voice, and gave up the ghost.	
Mark 15:40	There were also women looking on afar off: among whom was Mary Magdalene, and Mary the mother of James the less and of Joses, and Salome;	
Mark 15:42	And now when the even was come, because it was the preparation, that is, the day before the sabbath,	
Mark 15:7	And there was one named Barabbas, which lay bound with them that had made insurrection with him, who had committed murder in the insurrection.	
Mark 15:8	And the multitude crying aloud began to desire him to do as he had ever done unto them.	
Mark 16:10	And she went and told them that had been with him, as they mourned and wept.	
Mark 16:15	And he said unto them, Go ye into all the world, and preach the gospel to every creature.	
Mark 16:2	And very early in the morning the first day of the week, they came unto the sepulchre at the rising of the sun.	
Mark 16:8	And they went out quickly, and fled from the sepulchre; for they trembled and were amazed: neither said they any thing to any man; for they were afraid.	
Mark 1:11	And there came a voice from heaven, saying, Thou art my beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased.	
Mark 1:12	And immediately the spirit driveth him into the wilderness.	
Mark 1:24	Saying, Let us alone; what have we to do with thee, thou Jesus of Nazareth? art thou come to destroy us? I know thee who thou art, the Holy One of God.	
Mark 1:28	And immediately his fame spread abroad throughout all the region round about Galilee.	
Mark 1:31	And he came and took her by the hand, and lifted her up; and immediately the fever left her, and she ministered unto them.	
Mark 1:33	And all the city was gathered together at the door.	
Mark 1:34	And he healed many that were sick of divers diseases, and cast out many devils; and suffered not the devils to speak, because they knew him.	
Mark 1:36	And Simon and they that were with him followed after him.	
Mark 1:37	And when they had found him, they said unto him, All men seek for thee.	
Mark 1:41	And Jesus, moved with compassion, put forth his hand, and touched him, and saith unto him, I will; be thou clean.	
Mark 1:44	And saith unto him, See thou say nothing to any man: but go thy way, shew thyself to the priest, and offer for thy cleansing those things which Moses commanded, for a testimony unto them.	
Mark 2:11	I say unto thee, Arise, and take up thy bed, and go thy way into thine house.	
Mark 2:16	And when the scribes and Pharisees saw him eat with publicans and sinners, they said unto his disciples, How is it that he eateth and drinketh with publicans and sinners?	
Mark 2:18	And the disciples of John and of the Pharisees used to fast: and they come and say unto him, Why do the disciples of John and of the Pharisees fast, but thy disciples fast not?	
Mark 2:2	And straightway many were gathered together, insomuch that there was no room to receive them, no, not so much as about the door: and he preached the word unto them.	
Mark 2:22	And no man putteth new wine into old bottles: else the new wine doth burst the bottles, and the wine is spilled, and the bottles will be marred: but new wine must be put into new bottles.	
Mark 2:24	And the Pharisees said unto him, Behold, why do they on the sabbath day that which is not lawful?	
Mark 2:25	And he said unto them, Have ye never read what David did, when he had need, and was an hungred, he, and they that were with him?	
Mark 2:3	And they come unto him, bringing one sick of the palsy, which was borne of four.	
Mark 2:6	But there was certain of the scribes sitting there, and reasoning in their hearts,	
Mark 3:1	And he entered again into the synagogue; and there was a man there which had a withered hand.	
Mark 3:15	And to have power to heal sicknesses, and to cast out devils:	
Mark 3:21	And when his friends heard of it, they went out to lay hold on him: for they said, He is beside himself.	
Mark 3:24	And if a kingdom be divided against itself, that kingdom cannot stand.	
Mark 3:26	And if Satan rise up against himself, and be divided, he cannot stand, but hath an end.	
Mark 3:33	And he answered them, saying, Who is my mother, or my brethren?	
Mark 3:4	And he saith unto them, Is it lawful to do good on the sabbath days, or to do evil? to save life, or to kill? But they held their peace.	
Mark 3:6	And the Pharisees went forth, and straightway took counsel with the Herodians against him, how they might destroy him.	
Mark 3:7	But Jesus withdrew himself with his disciples to the sea: and a great multitude from Galilee followed him, and from Judaea,	
Mark 3:8	And from Jerusalem, and from Idumaea, and from beyond Jordan; and they about Tyre and Sidon, a great multitude, when they had heard what great things he did, came unto him.	
Mark 4:11	And he said unto them, Unto you it is given to know the mystery of the kingdom of God: but unto them that are without, all these things are done in parables:	
Mark 4:12	That seeing they may see, and not perceive; and hearing they may hear, and not understand; lest at any time they should be converted, and their sins should be forgiven them.	
Mark 4:19	And the cares of this world, and the deceitfulness of riches, and the lusts of other things entering in, choke the word, and it becometh unfruitful.	
Mark 4:26	And he said, So is the kingdom of God, as if a man should cast seed into the ground;	
Mark 4:33	And with many such parables spake he the word unto them, as they were able to hear it.	
Mark 4:37	And there arose a great storm of wind, and the waves beat into the ship, so that it was now full.	
Mark 4:38	And he was in the hinder part of the ship, asleep on a pillow: and they awake him, and say unto him, Master, carest thou not that we perish?	
Mark 4:4	And it came to pass, as he sowed, some fell by the way side, and the fowls of the air came and devoured it up.	
Mark 5:13	And forthwith Jesus gave them leave. And the unclean spirits went out, and entered into the swine: and the herd ran violently down a steep place into the sea, (they were about two thousand;) and were choked in the sea.	
Mark 5:16	And they that saw it told them how it befell to him that was possessed with the devil, and also concerning the swine.	
Mark 5:25	And a certain woman, which had an issue of blood twelve years,	
Mark 5:36	As soon as Jesus heard the word that was spoken, he saith unto the ruler of the synagogue, Be not afraid, only believe.	
Mark 5:37	And he suffered no man to follow him, save Peter, and James, and John the brother of James.	
Mark 5:41	And he took the damsel by the hand, and said unto her, Talitha cumi; which is, being interpreted, Damsel, I say unto thee, arise.	
Mark 5:5	And always, night and day, he was in the mountains, and in the tombs, crying, and cutting himself with stones.	
Mark 6:1	And he went out from thence, and came into his own country; and his disciples follow him.	
Mark 6:13	And they cast out many devils, and anointed with oil many that were sick, and healed them.	
Mark 6:14	And king Herod heard of him; (for his name was spread abroad:) and he said, That John the Baptist was risen from the dead, and therefore mighty works do shew forth themselves in him.	
Mark 6:15	Others said, That it is Elias. And others said, That it is a prophet, or as one of the prophets.	
Mark 6:18	For John had said unto Herod, It is not lawful for thee to have thy brother's wife.	
Mark 6:22	And when the daughter of the said Herodias came in, and danced, and pleased Herod and them that sat with him, the king said unto the damsel, Ask of me whatsoever thou wilt, and I will give it thee.	
Mark 6:24	And she went forth, and said unto her mother, What shall I ask? And she said, The head of John the Baptist.	
Mark 6:26	And the king was exceeding sorry; yet for his oath's sake, and for their sakes which sat with him, he would not reject her.	
Mark 6:28	And brought his head in a charger, and gave it to the damsel: and the damsel gave it to her mother.	
Mark 6:36	Send them away, that they may go into the country round about, and into the villages, and buy themselves bread: for they have nothing to eat.	
Mark 6:39	And he commanded them to make all sit down by companies upon the green grass.	
Mark 6:4	But Jesus, said unto them, A prophet is not without honour, but in his own country, and among his own kin, and in his own house.	
Mark 6:46	And when he had sent them away, he departed into a mountain to pray.	
Mark 6:51	And he went up unto them into the ship; and the wind ceased: and they were sore amazed in themselves beyond measure, and wondered.	
Mark 6:56	And whithersoever he entered, into villages, or cities, or country, they laid the sick in the streets, and besought him that they might touch if it were but the border of his garment: and as many as touched him were made whole.	
Mark 6:9	But be shod with sandals; and not put on two coats.	
Mark 7:17	And when he was entered into the house from the people, his disciples asked him concerning the parable.	
Mark 7:24	And from thence he arose, and went into the borders of Tyre and Sidon, and entered into an house, and would have no man know it: but he could not be hid.	
Mark 8:11	And the Pharisees came forth, and began to question with him, seeking of him a sign from heaven, tempting him.	
Mark 8:12	And he sighed deeply in his spirit, and saith, Why doth this generation seek after a sign? verily I say unto you, There shall no sign be given unto this generation.	
Mark 8:15	And he charged them, saying, Take heed, beware of the leaven of the Pharisees, and of the leaven of Herod.	
Mark 8:22	And he cometh to Bethsaida; and they bring a blind man unto him, and besought him to touch him.	
Mark 8:25	After that he put his hands again upon his eyes, and made him look up: and he was restored, and saw every man clearly.	
Mark 8:27	And Jesus went out, and his disciples, into the towns of Caesarea Philippi: and by the way he asked his disciples, saying unto them, Whom do men say that I am?	
Mark 8:28	And they answered, John the Baptist; but some say, Elias; and others, One of the prophets.	
Mark 8:33	But when he had turned about and looked on his disciples, he rebuked Peter, saying, Get thee behind me, Satan: for thou savourest not the things that be of God, but the things that be of men.	
Mark 8:37	Or what shall a man give in exchange for his soul?	
Mark 8:4	And his disciples answered him, From whence can a man satisfy these men with bread here in the wilderness?	
Mark 8:5	And he asked them, How many loaves have ye? And they said, Seven.	
Mark 9:12	And he answered and told them, Elias verily cometh first, and restoreth all things; and how it is written of the Son of man, that he must suffer many things, and be set at nought.	
Mark 9:14	And when he came to his disciples, he saw a great multitude about them, and the scribes questioning with them.	
Mark 9:21	And he asked his father, How long is it ago since this came unto him? And he said, Of a child.	
Mark 9:23	Jesus said unto him, If thou canst believe, all things are possible to him that believeth.	
Mark 9:26	And the spirit cried, and rent him sore, and came out of him: and he was as one dead; insomuch that many said, He is dead.	
Mark 9:27	But Jesus took him by the hand, and lifted him up; and he arose.	
Mark 9:3	And his raiment became shining, exceeding white as snow; so as no fuller on earth can white them.	
Mark 9:31	For he taught his disciples, and said unto them, The Son of man is delivered into the hands of men, and they shall kill him; and after that he is killed, he shall rise the third day.	
Mark 9:32	But they understood not that saying, and were afraid to ask him.	
Mark 9:35	And he sat down, and called the twelve, and saith unto them, If any man desire to be first, the same shall be last of all, and servant of all.	
Mark 9:42	And whosoever shall offend one of these little ones that believe in me, it is better for him that a millstone were hanged about his neck, and he were cast into the sea.	
Mark 9:43	And if thy hand offend thee, cut it off: it is better for thee to enter into life maimed, than having two hands to go into hell, into the fire that never shall be quenched:	
Mark 9:46	Where their worm dieth not, and the fire is not quenched.	
Mark 9:6	For he wist not what to say; for they were sore afraid.	
Matthew 10:1	And when he had called unto him his twelve disciples, he gave them power against unclean spirits, to cast them out, and to heal all manner of sickness and all manner of disease.	
Matthew 10:10	Nor scrip for your journey, neither two coats, neither shoes, nor yet staves: for the workman is worthy of his meat.	
Matthew 10:11	And into whatsoever city or town ye shall enter, enquire who in it is worthy; and there abide till ye go thence.	
Matthew 10:12	And when ye come into an house, salute it.	
Matthew 10:23	But when they persecute you in this city, flee ye into another: for verily I say unto you, Ye shall not have gone over the cities of Israel, till the Son of man be come.	
Matthew 10:32	Whosoever therefore shall confess me before men, him will I confess also before my Father which is in heaven.	
Matthew 10:34	Think not that I am come to send peace on earth: I came not to send peace, but a sword.	
Matthew 10:38	And he that taketh not his cross, and followeth after me, is not worthy of me.	
Matthew 10:4	Simon the Canaanite, and Judas Iscariot, who also betrayed him.	
Matthew 11:19	The Son of man came eating and drinking, and they say, Behold a man gluttonous, and a winebibber, a friend of publicans and sinners. But wisdom is justified of her children.	
Matthew 11:24	But I say unto you, That it shall be more tolerable for the land of Sodom in the day of judgment, than for thee.	
Matthew 11:28	Come unto me, all ye that labour and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest.	
Matthew 11:30	For my yoke is easy, and my burden is light.	
Matthew 12:15	But when Jesus knew it, he withdrew himself from thence: and great multitudes followed him, and he healed them all;	
Matthew 12:16	And charged them that they should not make him known:	
Matthew 12:17	That it might be fulfilled which was spoken by Esaias the prophet, saying,	
Matthew 12:23	And all the people were amazed, and said, Is not this the son of David?	
Matthew 12:27	And if I by Beelzebub cast out devils, by whom do your children cast them out? therefore they shall be your judges.	
Matthew 12:3	But he said unto them, Have ye not read what David did, when he was an hungred, and they that were with him;	
Matthew 12:31	Wherefore I say unto you, All manner of sin and blasphemy shall be forgiven unto men: but the blasphemy against the Holy Ghost shall not be forgiven unto men.	
Matthew 12:35	A good man out of the good treasure of the heart bringeth forth good things: and an evil man out of the evil treasure bringeth forth evil things.	
Matthew 12:36	But I say unto you, That every idle word that men shall speak, they shall give account thereof in the day of judgment.	
Matthew 12:38	Then certain of the scribes and of the Pharisees answered, saying, Master, we would see a sign from thee.	
Matthew 12:4	How he entered into the house of God, and did eat the shewbread, which was not lawful for him to eat, neither for them which were with him, but only for the priests?	
Matthew 12:44	Then he saith, I will return into my house from whence I came out; and when he is come, he findeth it empty, swept, and garnished.	
Matthew 12:45	Then goeth he, and taketh with himself seven other spirits more wicked than himself, and they enter in and dwell there: and the last state of that man is worse than the first. Even so shall it be also unto this wicked generation.	
Matthew 12:50	For whosoever shall do the will of my Father which is in heaven, the same is my brother, and sister, and mother.	
Matthew 12:6	But I say unto you, That in this place is one greater than the temple.	
Matthew 13:1	The same day went Jesus out of the house, and sat by the sea side.	
Matthew 13:10	And the disciples came, and said unto him, Why speakest thou unto them in parables?	
Matthew 13:11	He answered and said unto them, Because it is given unto you to know the mysteries of the kingdom of heaven, but to them it is not given.	
Matthew 13:15	For this people's heart is waxed gross, and their ears are dull of hearing, and their eyes they have closed; lest at any time they should see with their eyes and hear with their ears, and should understand with their heart, and should be converted, and I should heal them.	
Matthew 13:18	Hear ye therefore the parable of the sower.	
Matthew 13:31	Another parable put he forth unto them, saying, The kingdom of heaven is like to a grain of mustard seed, which a man took, and sowed in his field:	
Matthew 13:34	All these things spake Jesus unto the multitude in parables; and without a parable spake he not unto them:	
Matthew 13:35	That it might be fulfilled which was spoken by the prophet, saying, I will open my mouth in parables; I will utter things which have been kept secret from the foundation of the world.	
Matthew 13:36	Then Jesus sent the multitude away, and went into the house: and his disciples came unto him, saying, Declare unto us the parable of the tares of the field.	
Matthew 13:42	And shall cast them into a furnace of fire: there shall be wailing and gnashing of teeth.	
Matthew 13:48	Which, when it was full, they drew to shore, and sat down, and gathered the good into vessels, but cast the bad away.	
Matthew 13:49	So shall it be at the end of the world: the angels shall come forth, and sever the wicked from among the just,	
Matthew 13:5	Some fell upon stony places, where they had not much earth: and forthwith they sprung up, because they had no deepness of earth:	
Matthew 13:51	Jesus saith unto them, Have ye understood all these things? They say unto him, Yea, Lord.	
Matthew 13:52	Then said he unto them, Therefore every scribe which is instructed unto the kingdom of heaven is like unto a man that is an householder, which bringeth forth out of his treasure things new and old.	
Matthew 13:57	And they were offended in him. But Jesus said unto them, A prophet is not without honour, save in his own country, and in his own house.	
Matthew 13:7	And some fell among thorns; and the thorns sprung up, and choked them:	
Matthew 13:9	Who hath ears to hear, let him hear.	
Matthew 14:13	When Jesus heard of it, he departed thence by ship into a desert place apart: and when the people had heard thereof, they followed him on foot out of the cities.	
Matthew 14:15	And when it was evening, his disciples came to him, saying, This is a desert place, and the time is now past; send the multitude away, that they may go into the villages, and buy themselves victuals.	
Matthew 14:17	And they say unto him, We have here but five loaves, and two fishes.	
Matthew 14:18	He said, Bring them hither to me.	
Matthew 14:29	And he said, Come. And when Peter was come down out of the ship, he walked on the water, to go to Jesus.	
Matthew 14:31	And immediately Jesus stretched forth his hand, and caught him, and said unto him, O thou of little faith, wherefore didst thou doubt?	
Matthew 14:32	And when they were come into the ship, the wind ceased.	
Matthew 14:33	Then they that were in the ship came and worshipped him, saying, Of a truth thou art the Son of God.	
Matthew 15:10	And he called the multitude, and said unto them, Hear, and understand:	
Matthew 15:12	Then came his disciples, and said unto him, Knowest thou that the Pharisees were offended, after they heard this saying?	
Matthew 15:13	But he answered and said, Every plant, which my heavenly Father hath not planted, shall be rooted up.	
Matthew 15:14	Let them alone: they be blind leaders of the blind. And if the blind lead the blind, both shall fall into the ditch.	
Matthew 15:19	For out of the heart proceed evil thoughts, murders, adulteries, fornications, thefts, false witness, blasphemies:	
Matthew 15:25	Then came she and worshipped him, saying, Lord, help me.	
Matthew 15:29	And Jesus departed from thence, and came nigh unto the sea of Galilee; and went up into a mountain, and sat down there.	
Matthew 15:4	For God commanded, saying, Honour thy father and mother: and, He that curseth father or mother, let him die the death.	
Matthew 16:10	Neither the seven loaves of the four thousand, and how many baskets ye took up?	
Matthew 16:15	He saith unto them, But whom say ye that I am?	
Matthew 16:18	And I say also unto thee, That thou art Peter, and upon this rock I will build my church; and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it.	
Matthew 16:2	He answered and said unto them, When it is evening, ye say, It will be fair weather: for the sky is red.	
Matthew 16:22	Then Peter took him, and began to rebuke him, saying, Be it far from thee, Lord: this shall not be unto thee.	
Matthew 16:23	But he turned, and said unto Peter, Get thee behind me, Satan: thou art an offence unto me: for thou savourest not the things that be of God, but those that be of men.	
Matthew 16:26	For what is a man profited, if he shall gain the whole world, and lose his own soul? or what shall a man give in exchange for his soul?	
Matthew 16:28	Verily I say unto you, There be some standing here, which shall not taste of death, till they see the Son of man coming in his kingdom.	
Matthew 16:3	And in the morning, It will be foul weather to day: for the sky is red and lowering. O ye hypocrites, ye can discern the face of the sky; but can ye not discern the signs of the times?	
Matthew 16:8	Which when Jesus perceived, he said unto them, O ye of little faith, why reason ye among yourselves, because ye have brought no bread?	
Matthew 17:12	But I say unto you, That Elias is come already, and they knew him not, but have done unto him whatsoever they listed. Likewise shall also the Son of man suffer of them.	
Matthew 17:18	And Jesus rebuked the devil; and he departed out of him: and the child was cured from that very hour.	
Matthew 17:19	Then came the disciples to Jesus apart, and said, Why could not we cast him out?	
Matthew 17:20	And Jesus said unto them, Because of your unbelief: for verily I say unto you, If ye have faith as a grain of mustard seed, ye shall say unto this mountain, Remove hence to yonder place; and it shall remove; and nothing shall be impossible unto you.	
Matthew 17:21	Howbeit this kind goeth not out but by prayer and fasting.	
Matthew 17:7	And Jesus came and touched them, and said, Arise, and be not afraid.	
Matthew 18:1	At the same time came the disciples unto Jesus, saying, Who is the greatest in the kingdom of heaven?	
Matthew 18:10	Take heed that ye despise not one of these little ones; for I say unto you, That in heaven their angels do always behold the face of my Father which is in heaven.	
Matthew 18:19	Again I say unto you, That if two of you shall agree on earth as touching any thing that they shall ask, it shall be done for them of my Father which is in heaven.	
Matthew 18:2	And Jesus called a little child unto him, and set him in the midst of them,	
Matthew 18:20	For where two or three are gathered together in my name, there am I in the midst of them.	
Matthew 18:23	Therefore is the kingdom of heaven likened unto a certain king, which would take account of his servants.	
Matthew 18:30	And he would not: but went and cast him into prison, till he should pay the debt.	
Matthew 18:31	So when his fellowservants saw what was done, they were very sorry, and came and told unto their lord all that was done.	
Matthew 18:32	Then his lord, after that he had called him, said unto him, O thou wicked servant, I forgave thee all that debt, because thou desiredst me:	
Matthew 18:33	Shouldest not thou also have had compassion on thy fellowservant, even as I had pity on thee?	
Matthew 18:4	Whosoever therefore shall humble himself as this little child, the same is greatest in the kingdom of heaven.	
Matthew 18:7	Woe unto the world because of offences! for it must needs be that offences come; but woe to that man by whom the offence cometh!	
Matthew 19:1	And it came to pass, that when Jesus had finished these sayings, he departed from Galilee, and came into the coasts of Judaea beyond Jordan;	
Matthew 19:10	His disciples say unto him, If the case of the man be so with his wife, it is not good to marry.	
Matthew 19:14	But Jesus said, Suffer little children, and forbid them not, to come unto me: for of such is the kingdom of heaven.	
Matthew 19:19	Honour thy father and thy mother: and, Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself.	
Matthew 19:22	But when the young man heard that saying, he went away sorrowful: for he had great possessions.	
Matthew 19:25	When his disciples heard it, they were exceedingly amazed, saying, Who then can be saved?	
Matthew 19:7	They say unto him, Why did Moses then command to give a writing of divorcement, and to put her away?	
Matthew 1:11	And Josias begat Jechonias and his brethren, about the time they were carried away to Babylon:	
Matthew 1:17	So all the generations from Abraham to David are fourteen generations; and from David until the carrying away into Babylon are fourteen generations; and from the carrying away into Babylon unto Christ are fourteen generations.	
Matthew 1:8	And Asa begat Josaphat; and Josaphat begat Joram; and Joram begat Ozias;	
Matthew 20:15	Is it not lawful for me to do what I will with mine own? Is thine eye evil, because I am good?	
Matthew 20:18	Behold, we go up to Jerusalem; and the Son of man shall be betrayed unto the chief priests and unto the scribes, and they shall condemn him to death,	
Matthew 20:20	Then came to him the mother of Zebedees children with her sons, worshipping him, and desiring a certain thing of him.	
Matthew 20:22	But Jesus answered and said, Ye know not what ye ask. Are ye able to drink of the cup that I shall drink of, and to be baptized with the baptism that I am baptized with? They say unto him, We are able.	
Matthew 20:27	And whosoever will be chief among you, let him be your servant:	
Matthew 20:4	And said unto them; Go ye also into the vineyard, and whatsoever is right I will give you. And they went their way.	
Matthew 20:5	Again he went out about the sixth and ninth hour, and did likewise.	
Matthew 21:13	And said unto them, It is written, My house shall be called the house of prayer; but ye have made it a den of thieves.	
Matthew 21:20	And when the disciples saw it, they marvelled, saying, How soon is the fig tree withered away!	
Matthew 21:21	Jesus answered and said unto them, Verily I say unto you, If ye have faith, and doubt not, ye shall not only do this which is done to the fig tree, but also if ye shall say unto this mountain, Be thou removed, and be thou cast into the sea; it shall be done.	
Matthew 21:25	The baptism of John, whence was it? from heaven, or of men? And they reasoned with themselves, saying, If we shall say, From heaven; he will say unto us, Why did ye not then believe him?	
Matthew 21:27	And they answered Jesus, and said, We cannot tell. And he said unto them, Neither tell I you by what authority I do these things.	
Matthew 21:36	Again, he sent other servants more than the first: and they did unto them likewise.	
Matthew 21:4	All this was done, that it might be fulfilled which was spoken by the prophet, saying,	
Matthew 21:44	And whosoever shall fall on this stone shall be broken: but on whomsoever it shall fall, it will grind him to powder.	
Matthew 21:5	Tell ye the daughter of Sion, Behold, thy King cometh unto thee, meek, and sitting upon an ass, and a colt the foal of an ass.	
Matthew 21:7	And brought the ass, and the colt, and put on them their clothes, and they set him thereon.	
Matthew 22:16	And they sent out unto him their disciples with the Herodians, saying, Master, we know that thou art true, and teachest the way of God in truth, neither carest thou for any man: for thou regardest not the person of men.	
Matthew 22:22	When they had heard these words, they marvelled, and left him, and went their way.	
Matthew 22:23	The same day came to him the Sadducees, which say that there is no resurrection, and asked him,	
Matthew 22:24	Saying, Master, Moses said, If a man die, having no children, his brother shall marry his wife, and raise up seed unto his brother.	
Matthew 22:28	Therefore in the resurrection whose wife shall she be of the seven? for they all had her.	
Matthew 22:29	Jesus answered and said unto them, Ye do err, not knowing the scriptures, nor the power of God.	
Matthew 22:3	And sent forth his servants to call them that were bidden to the wedding: and they would not come.	
Matthew 22:33	And when the multitude heard this, they were astonished at his doctrine.	
Matthew 22:40	On these two commandments hang all the law and the prophets.	
Matthew 22:43	He saith unto them, How then doth David in spirit call him Lord, saying,	
Matthew 22:44	The LORD said unto my Lord, Sit thou on my right hand, till I make thine enemies thy footstool?	
Matthew 23:11	But he that is greatest among you shall be your servant.	
Matthew 23:12	And whosoever shall exalt himself shall be abased; and he that shall humble himself shall be exalted.	
Matthew 23:13	But woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! for ye shut up the kingdom of heaven against men: for ye neither go in yourselves, neither suffer ye them that are entering to go in.	
Matthew 23:14	Woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! for ye devour widows' houses, and for a pretence make long prayer: therefore ye shall receive the greater damnation.	
Matthew 23:3	All therefore whatsoever they bid you observe, that observe and do; but do not ye after their works: for they say, and do not.	
Matthew 23:34	Wherefore, behold, I send unto you prophets, and wise men, and scribes: and some of them ye shall kill and crucify; and some of them shall ye scourge in your synagogues, and persecute them from city to city:	
Matthew 23:37	O Jerusalem, Jerusalem, thou that killest the prophets, and stonest them which are sent unto thee, how often would I have gathered thy children together, even as a hen gathereth her chickens under her wings, and ye would not!	
Matthew 23:7	And greetings in the markets, and to be called of men, Rabbi, Rabbi.	
Matthew 23:9	And call no man your father upon the earth: for one is your Father, which is in heaven.	
Matthew 24:10	And then shall many be offended, and shall betray one another, and shall hate one another.	
Matthew 24:17	Let him which is on the housetop not come down to take any thing out of his house:	
Matthew 24:25	Behold, I have told you before.	
Matthew 24:34	Verily I say unto you, This generation shall not pass, till all these things be fulfilled.	
Matthew 24:35	Heaven and earth shall pass away, but my words shall not pass away.	
Matthew 24:39	And knew not until the flood came, and took them all away; so shall also the coming of the Son of man be.	
Matthew 24:42	Watch therefore: for ye know not what hour your Lord doth come.	
Matthew 24:45	Who then is a faithful and wise servant, whom his lord hath made ruler over his household, to give them meat in due season?	
Matthew 24:49	And shall begin to smite his fellowservants, and to eat and drink with the drunken;	
Matthew 24:6	And ye shall hear of wars and rumours of wars: see that ye be not troubled: for all these things must come to pass, but the end is not yet.	
Matthew 25:1	Then shall the kingdom of heaven be likened unto ten virgins, which took their lamps, and went forth to meet the bridegroom.	
Matthew 25:10	And while they went to buy, the bridegroom came; and they that were ready went in with him to the marriage: and the door was shut.	
Matthew 25:12	But he answered and said, Verily I say unto you, I know you not.	
Matthew 25:20	And so he that had received five talents came and brought other five talents, saying, Lord, thou deliveredst unto me five talents: behold, I have gained beside them five talents more.	
Matthew 25:31	When the Son of man shall come in his glory, and all the holy angels with him, then shall he sit upon the throne of his glory:	
Matthew 25:38	When saw we thee a stranger, and took thee in? or naked, and clothed thee?	
Matthew 25:40	And the King shall answer and say unto them, Verily I say unto you, Inasmuch as ye have done it unto one of the least of these my brethren, ye have done it unto me.	
Matthew 25:44	Then shall they also answer him, saying, Lord, when saw we thee an hungred, or athirst, or a stranger, or naked, or sick, or in prison, and did not minister unto thee?	
Matthew 25:46	And these shall go away into everlasting punishment: but the righteous into life eternal.	
Matthew 25:7	Then all those virgins arose, and trimmed their lamps.	
Matthew 25:9	But the wise answered, saying, Not so; lest there be not enough for us and you: but go ye rather to them that sell, and buy for yourselves.	
Matthew 26:10	When Jesus understood it, he said unto them, Why trouble ye the woman? for she hath wrought a good work upon me.	
Matthew 26:12	For in that she hath poured this ointment on my body, she did it for my burial.	
Matthew 26:14	Then one of the twelve, called Judas Iscariot, went unto the chief priests,	
Matthew 26:18	And he said, Go into the city to such a man, and say unto him, The Master saith, My time is at hand; I will keep the passover at thy house with my disciples.	
Matthew 26:20	Now when the even was come, he sat down with the twelve.	
Matthew 26:21	And as they did eat, he said, Verily I say unto you, that one of you shall betray me.	
Matthew 26:25	Then Judas, which betrayed him, answered and said, Master, is it I? He said unto him, Thou hast said.	
Matthew 26:26	And as they were eating, Jesus took bread, and blessed it, and brake it, and gave it to the disciples, and said, Take, eat; this is my body.	
Matthew 26:35	Peter said unto him, Though I should die with thee, yet will I not deny thee. Likewise also said all the disciples.	
Matthew 26:36	Then cometh Jesus with them unto a place called Gethsemane, and saith unto the disciples, Sit ye here, while I go and pray yonder.	
Matthew 26:4	And consulted that they might take Jesus by subtilty, and kill him.	
Matthew 26:43	And he came and found them asleep again: for their eyes were heavy.	
Matthew 26:46	Rise, let us be going: behold, he is at hand that doth betray me.	
Matthew 26:47	And while he yet spake, lo, Judas, one of the twelve, came, and with him a great multitude with swords and staves, from the chief priests and elders of the people.	
Matthew 26:48	Now he that betrayed him gave them a sign, saying, Whomsoever I shall kiss, that same is he: hold him fast.	
Matthew 26:53	Thinkest thou that I cannot now pray to my Father, and he shall presently give me more than twelve legions of angels?	
Matthew 26:55	In that same hour said Jesus to the multitudes, Are ye come out as against a thief with swords and staves for to take me? I sat daily with you teaching in the temple, and ye laid no hold on me.	
Matthew 26:58	But Peter followed him afar off unto the high priest's palace, and went in, and sat with the servants, to see the end.	
Matthew 26:61	And said, This fellow said, I am able to destroy the temple of God, and to build it in three days.	
Matthew 26:64	Jesus saith unto him, Thou hast said: nevertheless I say unto you, Hereafter shall ye see the Son of man sitting on the right hand of power, and coming in the clouds of heaven.	
Matthew 26:67	Then did they spit in his face, and buffeted him; and others smote him with the palms of their hands,	
Matthew 26:68	Saying, Prophesy unto us, thou Christ, Who is he that smote thee?	
Matthew 26:74	Then began he to curse and to swear, saying, I know not the man. And immediately the cock crew.	
Matthew 27:17	Therefore when they were gathered together, Pilate said unto them, Whom will ye that I release unto you? Barabbas, or Jesus which is called Christ?	
Matthew 27:27	Then the soldiers of the governor took Jesus into the common hall, and gathered unto him the whole band of soldiers.	
Matthew 27:28	And they stripped him, and put on him a scarlet robe.	
Matthew 27:32	And as they came out, they found a man of Cyrene, Simon by name: him they compelled to bear his cross.	
Matthew 27:37	And set up over his head his accusation written, THIS IS JESUS THE KING OF THE JEWS.	
Matthew 27:40	And saying, Thou that destroyest the temple, and buildest it in three days, save thyself. If thou be the Son of God, come down from the cross.	
Matthew 27:42	He saved others; himself he cannot save. If he be the King of Israel, let him now come down from the cross, and we will believe him.	
Matthew 27:46	And about the ninth hour Jesus cried with a loud voice, saying, Eli, Eli, lama sabachthani? that is to say, My God, my God, why hast thou forsaken me?	
Matthew 27:49	The rest said, Let be, let us see whether Elias will come to save him.	
Matthew 27:5	And he cast down the pieces of silver in the temple, and departed, and went and hanged himself.	
Matthew 27:56	Among which was Mary Magdalene, and Mary the mother of James and Joses, and the mother of Zebedees children.	
Matthew 27:63	Saying, Sir, we remember that that deceiver said, while he was yet alive, After three days I will rise again.	
Matthew 27:9	Then was fulfilled that which was spoken by Jeremy the prophet, saying, And they took the thirty pieces of silver, the price of him that was valued, whom they of the children of Israel did value;	
Matthew 28:12	And when they were assembled with the elders, and had taken counsel, they gave large money unto the soldiers,	
Matthew 28:15	So they took the money, and did as they were taught: and this saying is commonly reported among the Jews until this day.	
Matthew 28:18	And Jesus came and spake unto them, saying, All power is given unto me in heaven and in earth.	
Matthew 28:19	Go ye therefore, and teach all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost:	
Matthew 28:2	And, behold, there was a great earthquake: for the angel of the Lord descended from heaven, and came and rolled back the stone from the door, and sat upon it.	
Matthew 28:6	He is not here: for he is risen, as he said. Come, see the place where the Lord lay.	
Matthew 28:7	And go quickly, and tell his disciples that he is risen from the dead; and, behold, he goeth before you into Galilee; there shall ye see him: lo, I have told you.	
Matthew 28:9	And as they went to tell his disciples, behold, Jesus met them, saying, All hail. And they came and held him by the feet, and worshipped him.	
Matthew 2:11	And when they were come into the house, they saw the young child with Mary his mother, and fell down, and worshipped him: and when they had opened their treasures, they presented unto him gifts; gold, and frankincense and myrrh.	
Matthew 2:13	And when they were departed, behold, the angel of the Lord appeareth to Joseph in a dream, saying, Arise, and take the young child and his mother, and flee into Egypt, and be thou there until I bring thee word: for Herod will seek the young child to destroy him.	
Matthew 2:14	When he arose, he took the young child and his mother by night, and departed into Egypt:	
Matthew 2:15	And was there until the death of Herod: that it might be fulfilled which was spoken of the Lord by the prophet, saying, Out of Egypt have I called my son.	
Matthew 2:16	Then Herod, when he saw that he was mocked of the wise men, was exceeding wroth, and sent forth, and slew all the children that were in Bethlehem, and in all the coasts thereof, from two years old and under, according to the time which he had diligently enquired of the wise men.	
Matthew 2:17	Then was fulfilled that which was spoken by Jeremy the prophet, saying,	
Matthew 2:18	In Rama was there a voice heard, lamentation, and weeping, and great mourning, Rachel weeping for her children, and would not be comforted, because they are not.	
Matthew 2:2	Saying, Where is he that is born King of the Jews? for we have seen his star in the east, and are come to worship him.	
Matthew 2:20	Saying, Arise, and take the young child and his mother, and go into the land of Israel: for they are dead which sought the young child's life.	
Matthew 2:23	And he came and dwelt in a city called Nazareth: that it might be fulfilled which was spoken by the prophets, He shall be called a Nazarene.	
Matthew 3:4	And the same John had his raiment of camel's hair, and a leathern girdle about his loins; and his meat was locusts and wild honey.	
Matthew 3:7	But when he saw many of the Pharisees and Sadducees come to his baptism, he said unto them, O generation of vipers, who hath warned you to flee from the wrath to come?	
Matthew 4:10	Then saith Jesus unto him, Get thee hence, Satan: for it is written, Thou shalt worship the Lord thy God, and him only shalt thou serve.	
Matthew 4:11	Then the devil leaveth him, and, behold, angels came and ministered unto him.	
Matthew 4:14	That it might be fulfilled which was spoken by Esaias the prophet, saying,	
Matthew 4:2	And when he had fasted forty days and forty nights, he was afterward an hungred.	
Matthew 4:24	And his fame went throughout all Syria: and they brought unto him all sick people that were taken with divers diseases and torments, and those which were possessed with devils, and those which were lunatick, and those that had the palsy; and he healed them.	
Matthew 4:4	But he answered and said, It is written, Man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceedeth out of the mouth of God.	
Matthew 5:22	But I say unto you, That whosoever is angry with his brother without a cause shall be in danger of the judgment: and whosoever shall say to his brother, Raca, shall be in danger of the council: but whosoever shall say, Thou fool, shall be in danger of hell fire.	
Matthew 5:28	But I say unto you, That whosoever looketh on a woman to lust after her hath committed adultery with her already in his heart.	
Matthew 5:3	Blessed are the poor in spirit: for theirs is the kingdom of heaven.	
Matthew 5:30	And if thy right hand offend thee, cut it off, and cast it from thee: for it is profitable for thee that one of thy members should perish, and not that thy whole body should be cast into hell.	
Matthew 5:31	It hath been said, Whosoever shall put away his wife, let him give her a writing of divorcement:	
Matthew 5:32	But I say unto you, That whosoever shall put away his wife, saving for the cause of fornication, causeth her to commit adultery: and whosoever shall marry her that is divorced committeth adultery.	
Matthew 5:38	Ye have heard that it hath been said, An eye for an eye, and a tooth for a tooth:	
Matthew 5:40	And if any man will sue thee at the law, and take away thy coat, let him have thy cloak also.	
Matthew 5:41	And whosoever shall compel thee to go a mile, go with him twain.	
Matthew 5:42	Give to him that asketh thee, and from him that would borrow of thee turn not thou away.	
Matthew 5:43	Ye have heard that it hath been said, Thou shalt love thy neighbour, and hate thine enemy.	
Matthew 5:47	And if ye salute your brethren only, what do ye more than others? do not even the publicans so?	
Matthew 6:1	Take heed that ye do not your alms before men, to be seen of them: otherwise ye have no reward of your Father which is in heaven.	
Matthew 6:10	Thy kingdom come, Thy will be done in earth, as it is in heaven.	
Matthew 6:2	Therefore when thou doest thine alms, do not sound a trumpet before thee, as the hypocrites do in the synagogues and in the streets, that they may have glory of men. Verily I say unto you, They have their reward.	
Matthew 6:24	No man can serve two masters: for either he will hate the one, and love the other; or else he will hold to the one, and despise the other. Ye cannot serve God and mammon.	
Matthew 6:25	Therefore I say unto you, Take no thought for your life, what ye shall eat, or what ye shall drink; nor yet for your body, what ye shall put on. Is not the life more than meat, and the body than raiment?	
Matthew 6:27	Which of you by taking thought can add one cubit unto his stature?	
Matthew 6:31	Therefore take no thought, saying, What shall we eat? or, What shall we drink? or, Wherewithal shall we be clothed?	
Matthew 6:33	But seek ye first the kingdom of God, and his righteousness; and all these things shall be added unto you.	
Matthew 6:5	And when thou prayest, thou shalt not be as the hypocrites are: for they love to pray standing in the synagogues and in the corners of the streets, that they may be seen of men. Verily I say unto you, They have their reward.	
Matthew 6:8	Be not ye therefore like unto them: for your Father knoweth what things ye have need of, before ye ask him.	
Matthew 7:12	Therefore all things whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them: for this is the law and the prophets.	
Matthew 7:22	Many will say to me in that day, Lord, Lord, have we not prophesied in thy name? and in thy name have cast out devils? and in thy name done many wonderful works?	
Matthew 7:29	For he taught them as one having authority, and not as the scribes.	
Matthew 7:7	Ask, and it shall be given you; seek, and ye shall find; knock, and it shall be opened unto you:	
Matthew 8:19	And a certain scribe came, and said unto him, Master, I will follow thee whithersoever thou goest.	
Matthew 8:21	And another of his disciples said unto him, Lord, suffer me first to go and bury my father.	
Matthew 8:22	But Jesus said unto him, Follow me; and let the dead bury their dead.	
Matthew 8:24	And, behold, there arose a great tempest in the sea, insomuch that the ship was covered with the waves: but he was asleep.	
Matthew 8:25	And his disciples came to him, and awoke him, saying, Lord, save us: we perish.	
Matthew 8:29	And, behold, they cried out, saying, What have we to do with thee, Jesus, thou Son of God? art thou come hither to torment us before the time?	
Matthew 9:10	And it came to pass, as Jesus sat at meat in the house, behold, many publicans and sinners came and sat down with him and his disciples.	
Matthew 9:22	But Jesus turned him about, and when he saw her, he said, Daughter, be of good comfort; thy faith hath made thee whole. And the woman was made whole from that hour.	
Matthew 9:24	He said unto them, Give place: for the maid is not dead, but sleepeth. And they laughed him to scorn.	
Matthew 9:25	But when the people were put forth, he went in, and took her by the hand, and the maid arose.	
Matthew 9:3	And, behold, certain of the scribes said within themselves, This man blasphemeth.	
Matthew 9:34	But the Pharisees said, He casteth out devils through the prince of the devils.	
Matthew 9:36	But when he saw the multitudes, he was moved with compassion on them, because they fainted, and were scattered abroad, as sheep having no shepherd.	
Matthew 9:6	But that ye may know that the Son of man hath power on earth to forgive sins, (then saith he to the sick of the palsy,) Arise, take up thy bed, and go unto thine house.	
Micah 1:12	For the inhabitant of Maroth waited carefully for good: but evil came down from the LORD unto the gate of Jerusalem.	
Micah 1:3	For, behold, the LORD cometh forth out of his place, and will come down, and tread upon the high places of the earth.	
Micah 1:5	For the transgression of Jacob is all this, and for the sins of the house of Israel. What is the transgression of Jacob? is it not Samaria? and what are the high places of Judah? are they not Jerusalem?	
Micah 1:8	Therefore I will wail and howl, I will go stripped and naked: I will make a wailing like the dragons, and mourning as the owls.	
Micah 2:2	And they covet fields, and take them by violence; and houses, and take them away: so they oppress a man and his house, even a man and his heritage.	
Micah 2:3	Therefore thus saith the LORD; Behold, against this family do I devise an evil, from which ye shall not remove your necks; neither shall ye go haughtily: for this time is evil.	
Micah 2:4	In that day shall one take up a parable against you, and lament with a doleful lamentation, and say, We be utterly spoiled: he hath changed the portion of my people: how hath he removed it from me! turning away he hath divided our fields.	
Micah 2:7	O thou that art named the house of Jacob, is the spirit of the LORD straitened? are these his doings? do not my words do good to him that walketh uprightly?	
Micah 3:3	Who also eat the flesh of my people, and flay their skin from off them; and they break their bones, and chop them in pieces, as for the pot, and as flesh within the caldron.	
Micah 3:4	Then shall they cry unto the LORD, but he will not hear them: he will even hide his face from them at that time, as they have behaved themselves ill in their doings.	
Micah 3:8	But truly I am full of power by the spirit of the LORD, and of judgment, and of might, to declare unto Jacob his transgression, and to Israel his sin.	
Micah 3:9	Hear this, I pray you, ye heads of the house of Jacob, and princes of the house of Israel, that abhor judgment, and pervert all equity.	
Micah 4:11	Now also many nations are gathered against thee, that say, Let her be defiled, and let our eye look upon Zion.	
Micah 4:8	And thou, O tower of the flock, the strong hold of the daughter of Zion, unto thee shall it come, even the first dominion; the kingdom shall come to the daughter of Jerusalem.	
Micah 4:9	Now why dost thou cry out aloud? is there no king in thee? is thy counsellor perished? for pangs have taken thee as a woman in travail.	
Micah 5:1	Now gather thyself in troops, O daughter of troops: he hath laid siege against us: they shall smite the judge of Israel with a rod upon the cheek.	
Micah 5:10	And it shall come to pass in that day, saith the LORD, that I will cut off thy horses out of the midst of thee, and I will destroy thy chariots:	
Micah 5:12	And I will cut off witchcrafts out of thine hand; and thou shalt have no more soothsayers:	
Micah 5:13	Thy graven images also will I cut off, and thy standing images out of the midst of thee; and thou shalt no more worship the work of thine hands.	
Micah 5:15	And I will execute vengeance in anger and fury upon the heathen, such as they have not heard.	
Micah 5:7	And the remnant of Jacob shall be in the midst of many people as a dew from the LORD, as the showers upon the grass, that tarrieth not for man, nor waiteth for the sons of men.	
Micah 5:8	And the remnant of Jacob shall be among the Gentiles in the midst of many people as a lion among the beasts of the forest, as a young lion among the flocks of sheep: who, if he go through, both treadeth down, and teareth in pieces, and none can deliver.	
Micah 6:14	Thou shalt eat, but not be satisfied; and thy casting down shall be in the midst of thee; and thou shalt take hold, but shalt not deliver; and that which thou deliverest will I give up to the sword.	
Micah 6:16	For the statutes of Omri are kept, and all the works of the house of Ahab, and ye walk in their counsels; that I should make thee a desolation, and the inhabitants thereof an hissing: therefore ye shall bear the reproach of my people.	
Micah 6:2	Hear ye, O mountains, the LORD's controversy, and ye strong foundations of the earth: for the LORD hath a controversy with his people, and he will plead with Israel.	
Micah 7:11	In the day that thy walls are to be built, in that day shall the decree be far removed.	
Micah 7:15	According to the days of thy coming out of the land of Egypt will I shew unto him marvellous things.	
Micah 7:18	Who is a God like unto thee, that pardoneth iniquity, and passeth by the transgression of the remnant of his heritage? he retaineth not his anger for ever, because he delighteth in mercy.	
Micah 7:8	Rejoice not against me, O mine enemy: when I fall, I shall arise; when I sit in darkness, the LORD shall be a light unto me.	
Nahum 1:11	There is one come out of thee, that imagineth evil against the LORD, a wicked counsellor.	
Nahum 1:15	Behold upon the mountains the feet of him that bringeth good tidings, that publisheth peace! O Judah, keep thy solemn feasts, perform thy vows: for the wicked shall no more pass through thee; he is utterly cut off.	
Nahum 1:3	The LORD is slow to anger, and great in power, and will not at all acquit the wicked: the LORD hath his way in the whirlwind and in the storm, and the clouds are the dust of his feet.	
Nahum 1:6	Who can stand before his indignation? and who can abide in the fierceness of his anger? his fury is poured out like fire, and the rocks are thrown down by him.	
Nahum 1:9	What do ye imagine against the LORD? he will make an utter end: affliction shall not rise up the second time.	
Nahum 2:6	The gates of the rivers shall be opened, and the palace shall be dissolved.	
Nahum 2:9	Take ye the spoil of silver, take the spoil of gold: for there is none end of the store and glory out of all the pleasant furniture.	
Nahum 3:1	Woe to the bloody city! it is all full of lies and robbery; the prey departeth not;	
Nahum 3:10	Yet was she carried away, she went into captivity: her young children also were dashed in pieces at the top of all the streets: and they cast lots for her honourable men, and all her great men were bound in chains.	
Nahum 3:18	Thy shepherds slumber, O king of Assyria: thy nobles shall dwell in the dust: thy people is scattered upon the mountains, and no man gathereth them.	
Nahum 3:2	The noise of a whip, and the noise of the rattling of the wheels, and of the pransing horses, and of the jumping chariots.	
Nahum 3:9	Ethiopia and Egypt were her strength, and it was infinite; Put and Lubim were thy helpers.	
Nehemiah 10:12	Zaccur, Sherebiah, Shebaniah,	
Nehemiah 10:16	Adonijah, Bigvai, Adin,	
Nehemiah 10:24	Hallohesh, Pileha, Shobek,	
Nehemiah 10:25	Rehum, Hashabnah, Maaseiah,	
Nehemiah 10:27	Malluch, Harim, Baanah.	
Nehemiah 10:29	They clave to their brethren, their nobles, and entered into a curse, and into an oath, to walk in God's law, which was given by Moses the servant of God, and to observe and do all the commandments of the LORD our Lord, and his judgments and his statutes;	
Nehemiah 10:30	And that we would not give our daughters unto the people of the land, not take their daughters for our sons:	
Nehemiah 10:32	Also we made ordinances for us, to charge ourselves yearly with the third part of a shekel for the service of the house of our God;	
Nehemiah 10:35	And to bring the firstfruits of our ground, and the firstfruits of all fruit of all trees, year by year, unto the house of the LORD:	
Nehemiah 11:17	And Mattaniah the son of Micha, the son of Zabdi, the son of Asaph, was the principal to begin the thanksgiving in prayer: and Bakbukiah the second among his brethren, and Abda the son of Shammua, the son of Galal, the son of Jeduthun.	
Nehemiah 11:2	And the people blessed all the men, that willingly offered themselves to dwell at Jerusalem.	
Nehemiah 11:21	But the Nethinims dwelt in Ophel: and Ziha and Gispa were over the Nethinims.	
Nehemiah 11:25	And for the villages, with their fields, some of the children of Judah dwelt at Kirjatharba, and in the villages thereof, and at Dibon, and in the villages thereof, and at Jekabzeel, and in the villages thereof,	
Nehemiah 11:27	And at Hazarshual, and at Beersheba, and in the villages thereof,	
Nehemiah 11:28	And at Ziklag, and at Mekonah, and in the villages thereof,	
Nehemiah 11:29	And at Enrimmon, and at Zareah, and at Jarmuth,	
Nehemiah 11:31	The children also of Benjamin from Geba dwelt at Michmash, and Aija, and Bethel, and in their villages.	
Nehemiah 11:34	Hadid, Zeboim, Neballat,	
Nehemiah 11:8	And after him Gabbai, Sallai, nine hundred twenty and eight.	
Nehemiah 12:1	Now these are the priests and the Levites that went up with Zerubbabel the son of Shealtiel, and Jeshua: Seraiah, Jeremiah, Ezra,	
Nehemiah 12:11	And Joiada begat Jonathan, and Jonathan begat Jaddua.	
Nehemiah 12:12	And in the days of Joiakim were priests, the chief of the fathers: of Seraiah, Meraiah; of Jeremiah, Hananiah;	
Nehemiah 12:13	Of Ezra, Meshullam; of Amariah, Jehohanan;	
Nehemiah 12:14	Of Melicu, Jonathan; of Shebaniah, Joseph;	
Nehemiah 12:21	Of Hilkiah, Hashabiah; of Jedaiah, Nethaneel.	
Nehemiah 12:23	The sons of Levi, the chief of the fathers, were written in the book of the chronicles, even until the days of Johanan the son of Eliashib.	
Nehemiah 12:28	And the sons of the singers gathered themselves together, both out of the plain country round about Jerusalem, and from the villages of Netophathi;	
Nehemiah 12:3	Shechaniah, Rehum, Meremoth,	
Nehemiah 12:31	Then I brought up the princes of Judah upon the wall, and appointed two great companies of them that gave thanks, whereof one went on the right hand upon the wall toward the dung gate:	
Nehemiah 12:34	Judah, and Benjamin, and Shemaiah, and Jeremiah,	
Nehemiah 12:4	Iddo, Ginnetho, Abijah,	
Nehemiah 12:44	And at that time were some appointed over the chambers for the treasures, for the offerings, for the firstfruits, and for the tithes, to gather into them out of the fields of the cities the portions of the law for the priests and Levites: for Judah rejoiced for the priests and for the Levites that waited.	
Nehemiah 13:12	Then brought all Judah the tithe of the corn and the new wine and the oil unto the treasuries.	
Nehemiah 13:17	Then I contended with the nobles of Judah, and said unto them, What evil thing is this that ye do, and profane the sabbath day?	
Nehemiah 13:18	Did not your fathers thus, and did not our God bring all this evil upon us, and upon this city? yet ye bring more wrath upon Israel by profaning the sabbath.	
Nehemiah 13:20	So the merchants and sellers of all kind of ware lodged without Jerusalem once or twice.	
Nehemiah 13:23	In those days also saw I Jews that had married wives of Ashdod, of Ammon, and of Moab:	
Nehemiah 13:3	Now it came to pass, when they had heard the law, that they separated from Israel all the mixed multitude.	
Nehemiah 13:9	Then I commanded, and they cleansed the chambers: and thither brought I again the vessels of the house of God, with the meat offering and the frankincense.	
Nehemiah 1:3	And they said unto me, The remnant that are left of the captivity there in the province are in great affliction and reproach: the wall of Jerusalem also is broken down, and the gates thereof are burned with fire.	
Nehemiah 2:10	When Sanballat the Horonite, and Tobiah the servant, the Ammonite, heard of it, it grieved them exceedingly that there was come a man to seek the welfare of the children of Israel.	
Nehemiah 2:14	Then I went on to the gate of the fountain, and to the king's pool: but there was no place for the beast that was under me to pass.	
Nehemiah 2:16	And the rulers knew not whither I went, or what I did; neither had I as yet told it to the Jews, nor to the priests, nor to the nobles, nor to the rulers, nor to the rest that did the work.	
Nehemiah 2:19	But when Sanballat the Horonite, and Tobiah the servant, the Ammonite, and Geshem the Arabian, heard it, they laughed us to scorn, and despised us, and said, What is this thing that ye do? will ye rebel against the king?	
Nehemiah 2:3	And said unto the king, Let the king live for ever: why should not my countenance be sad, when the city, the place of my fathers' sepulchres, lieth waste, and the gates thereof are consumed with fire?	
Nehemiah 2:7	Moreover I said unto the king, If it please the king, let letters be given me to the governors beyond the river, that they may convey me over till I come into Judah;	
Nehemiah 2:8	And a letter unto Asaph the keeper of the king's forest, that he may give me timber to make beams for the gates of the palace which appertained to the house, and for the wall of the city, and for the house that I shall enter into. And the king granted me, according to the good hand of my God upon me.	
Nehemiah 2:9	Then I came to the governors beyond the river, and gave them the king's letters. Now the king had sent captains of the army and horsemen with me.	
Nehemiah 3:15	But the gate of the fountain repaired Shallun the son of Colhozeh, the ruler of part of Mizpah; he built it, and covered it, and set up the doors thereof, the locks thereof, and the bars thereof, and the wall of the pool of Siloah by the king's garden, and unto the stairs that go down from the city of David.	
Nehemiah 3:18	After him repaired their brethren, Bavai the son of Henadad, the ruler of the half part of Keilah.	
Nehemiah 3:20	After him Baruch the son of Zabbai earnestly repaired the other piece, from the turning of the wall unto the door of the house of Eliashib the high priest.	
Nehemiah 3:22	And after him repaired the priests, the men of the plain.	
Nehemiah 3:3	But the fish gate did the sons of Hassenaah build, who also laid the beams thereof, and set up the doors thereof, the locks thereof, and the bars thereof.	
Nehemiah 3:30	After him repaired Hananiah the son of Shelemiah, and Hanun the sixth son of Zalaph, another piece. After him repaired Meshullam the son of Berechiah over against his chamber.	
Nehemiah 4:1	But it came to pass, that when Sanballat heard that we builded the wall, he was wroth, and took great indignation, and mocked the Jews.	
Nehemiah 4:13	Therefore set I in the lower places behind the wall, and on the higher places, I even set the people after their families with their swords, their spears, and their bows.	
Nehemiah 4:18	For the builders, every one had his sword girded by his side, and so builded. And he that sounded the trumpet was by me.	
Nehemiah 4:23	So neither I, nor my brethren, nor my servants, nor the men of the guard which followed me, none of us put off our clothes, saving that every one put them off for washing.	
Nehemiah 4:5	And cover not their iniquity, and let not their sin be blotted out from before thee: for they have provoked thee to anger before the builders.	
Nehemiah 5:18	Now that which was prepared for me daily was one ox and six choice sheep; also fowls were prepared for me, and once in ten days store of all sorts of wine: yet for all this required not I the bread of the governor, because the bondage was heavy upon this people.	
Nehemiah 5:5	Yet now our flesh is as the flesh of our brethren, our children as their children: and, lo, we bring into bondage our sons and our daughters to be servants, and some of our daughters are brought unto bondage already: neither is it in our power to redeem them; for other men have our lands and vineyards.	
Nehemiah 6:10	Afterward I came unto the house of Shemaiah the son of Delaiah the son of Mehetabeel, who was shut up; and he said, Let us meet together in the house of God, within the temple, and let us shut the doors of the temple: for they will come to slay thee; yea, in the night will they come to slay thee.	
Nehemiah 6:12	And, lo, I perceived that God had not sent him; but that he pronounced this prophecy against me: for Tobiah and Sanballat had hired him.	
Nehemiah 6:15	So the wall was finished in the twenty and fifth day of the month Elul, in fifty and two days.	
Nehemiah 6:16	And it came to pass, that when all our enemies heard thereof, and all the heathen that were about us saw these things, they were much cast down in their own eyes: for they perceived that this work was wrought of our God.	
Nehemiah 6:3	And I sent messengers unto them, saying, I am doing a great work, so that I cannot come down: why should the work cease, whilst I leave it, and come down to you?	
Nehemiah 6:7	And thou hast also appointed prophets to preach of thee at Jerusalem, saying, There is a king in Judah: and now shall it be reported to the king according to these words. Come now therefore, and let us take counsel together.	
Nehemiah 6:8	Then I sent unto him, saying, There are no such things done as thou sayest, but thou feignest them out of thine own heart.	
Nehemiah 6:9	For they all made us afraid, saying, Their hands shall be weakened from the work, that it be not done. Now therefore, O God, strengthen my hands.	
Nehemiah 7:1	Now it came to pass, when the wall was built, and I had set up the doors, and the porters and the singers and the Levites were appointed,	
Nehemiah 7:13	The children of Zattu, eight hundred forty and five.	
Nehemiah 7:14	The children of Zaccai, seven hundred and threescore.	
Nehemiah 7:19	The children of Bigvai, two thousand threescore and seven.	
Nehemiah 7:23	The children of Bezai, three hundred twenty and four.	
Nehemiah 7:3	And I said unto them, Let not the gates of Jerusalem be opened until the sun be hot; and while they stand by, let them shut the doors, and bar them: and appoint watches of the inhabitants of Jerusalem, every one in his watch, and every one to be over against his house.	
Nehemiah 7:36	The children of Jericho, three hundred forty and five.	
Nehemiah 7:38	The children of Senaah, three thousand nine hundred and thirty.	
Nehemiah 7:4	Now the city was large and great: but the people were few therein, and the houses were not builded.	
Nehemiah 7:44	The singers: the children of Asaph, an hundred forty and eight.	
Nehemiah 7:47	The children of Keros, the children of Sia, the children of Padon,	
Nehemiah 7:48	The children of Lebana, the children of Hagaba, the children of Shalmai,	
Nehemiah 7:51	The children of Gazzam, the children of Uzza, the children of Phaseah,	
Nehemiah 7:54	The children of Bazlith, the children of Mehida, the children of Harsha,	
Nehemiah 7:55	The children of Barkos, the children of Sisera, the children of Tamah,	
Nehemiah 7:56	The children of Neziah, the children of Hatipha.	
Nehemiah 7:58	The children of Jaala, the children of Darkon, the children of Giddel,	
Nehemiah 7:60	All the Nethinims, and the children of Solomon's servants, were three hundred ninety and two.	
Nehemiah 7:71	And some of the chief of the fathers gave to the treasure of the work twenty thousand drams of gold, and two thousand and two hundred pound of silver.	
Nehemiah 7:72	And that which the rest of the people gave was twenty thousand drams of gold, and two thousand pound of silver, and threescore and seven priests' garments.	
Nehemiah 8:1	And all the people gathered themselves together as one man into the street that was before the water gate; and they spake unto Ezra the scribe to bring the book of the law of Moses, which the LORD had commanded to Israel.	
Nehemiah 8:12	And all the people went their way to eat, and to drink, and to send portions, and to make great mirth, because they had understood the words that were declared unto them.	
Nehemiah 8:16	So the people went forth, and brought them, and made themselves booths, every one upon the roof of his house, and in their courts, and in the courts of the house of God, and in the street of the water gate, and in the street of the gate of Ephraim.	
Nehemiah 8:2	And Ezra the priest brought the law before the congregation both of men and women, and all that could hear with understanding, upon the first day of the seventh month.	
Nehemiah 8:4	And Ezra the scribe stood upon a pulpit of wood, which they had made for the purpose; and beside him stood Mattithiah, and Shema, and Anaiah, and Urijah, and Hilkiah, and Maaseiah, on his right hand; and on his left hand, Pedaiah, and Mishael, and Malchiah, and Hashum, and Hashbadana, Zechariah, and Meshullam.	
Nehemiah 8:6	And Ezra blessed the LORD, the great God. And all the people answered, Amen, Amen, with lifting up their hands: and they bowed their heads, and worshipped the LORD with their faces to the ground.	
Nehemiah 9:13	Thou camest down also upon mount Sinai, and spakest with them from heaven, and gavest them right judgments, and true laws, good statutes and commandments:	
Nehemiah 9:18	Yea, when they had made them a molten calf, and said, This is thy God that brought thee up out of Egypt, and had wrought great provocations;	
Nehemiah 9:2	And the seed of Israel separated themselves from all strangers, and stood and confessed their sins, and the iniquities of their fathers.	
Nehemiah 9:21	Yea, forty years didst thou sustain them in the wilderness, so that they lacked nothing; their clothes waxed not old, and their feet swelled not.	
Nehemiah 9:30	Yet many years didst thou forbear them, and testifiedst against them by thy spirit in thy prophets: yet would they not give ear: therefore gavest thou them into the hand of the people of the lands.	
Nehemiah 9:31	Nevertheless for thy great mercies' sake thou didst not utterly consume them, nor forsake them; for thou art a gracious and merciful God.	
Nehemiah 9:32	Now therefore, our God, the great, the mighty, and the terrible God, who keepest covenant and mercy, let not all the trouble seem little before thee, that hath come upon us, on our kings, on our princes, and on our priests, and on our prophets, and on our fathers, and on all thy people, since the time of the kings of Assyria unto this day.	
Nehemiah 9:35	For they have not served thee in their kingdom, and in thy great goodness that thou gavest them, and in the large and fat land which thou gavest before them, neither turned they from their wicked works.	
Nehemiah 9:37	And it yieldeth much increase unto the kings whom thou hast set over us because of our sins: also they have dominion over our bodies, and over our cattle, at their pleasure, and we are in great distress.	
Nehemiah 9:5	Then the Levites, Jeshua, and Kadmiel, Bani, Hashabniah, Sherebiah, Hodijah, Shebaniah, and Pethahiah, said, Stand up and bless the LORD your God for ever and ever: and blessed be thy glorious name, which is exalted above all blessing and praise.	
Numbers 10:10	Also in the day of your gladness, and in your solemn days, and in the beginnings of your months, ye shall blow with the trumpets over your burnt offerings, and over the sacrifices of your peace offerings; that they may be to you for a memorial before your God: I am the LORD your God.	
Numbers 10:16	And over the host of the tribe of the children of Zebulun was Eliab the son of Helon.	
Numbers 10:19	And over the host of the tribe of the children of Simeon was Shelumiel the son of Zurishaddai.	
Numbers 10:28	Thus were the journeyings of the children of Israel according to their armies, when they set forward.	
Numbers 10:32	And it shall be, if thou go with us, yea, it shall be, that what goodness the LORD shall do unto us, the same will we do unto thee.	
Numbers 10:34	And the cloud of the LORD was upon them by day, when they went out of the camp.	
Numbers 10:36	And when it rested, he said, Return, O LORD, unto the many thousands of Israel.	
Numbers 10:5	When ye blow an alarm, then the camps that lie on the east parts shall go forward.	
Numbers 10:7	But when the congregation is to be gathered together, ye shall blow, but ye shall not sound an alarm.	
Numbers 11:13	Whence should I have flesh to give unto all this people? for they weep unto me, saying, Give us flesh, that we may eat.	
Numbers 11:18	And say thou unto the people, Sanctify yourselves against to morrow, and ye shall eat flesh: for ye have wept in the ears of the LORD, saying, Who shall give us flesh to eat? for it was well with us in Egypt: therefore the LORD will give you flesh, and ye shall eat.	
Numbers 11:24	And Moses went out, and told the people the words of the LORD, and gathered the seventy men of the elders of the people, and set them round about the tabernacle.	
Numbers 11:25	And the LORD came down in a cloud, and spake unto him, and took of the spirit that was upon him, and gave it unto the seventy elders: and it came to pass, that, when the spirit rested upon them, they prophesied, and did not cease.	
Numbers 11:27	And there ran a young man, and told Moses, and said, Eldad and Medad do prophesy in the camp.	
Numbers 11:34	And he called the name of that place Kibrothhattaavah: because there they buried the people that lusted.	
Numbers 11:35	And the people journeyed from Kibrothhattaavah unto Hazeroth; and abode at Hazeroth.	
Numbers 11:5	We remember the fish, which we did eat in Egypt freely; the cucumbers, and the melons, and the leeks, and the onions, and the garlic:	
Numbers 12:16	And afterward the people removed from Hazeroth, and pitched in the wilderness of Paran.	
Numbers 12:3	(Now the man Moses was very meek, above all the men which were upon the face of the earth.)	
Numbers 12:5	And the LORD came down in the pillar of the cloud, and stood in the door of the tabernacle, and called Aaron and Miriam: and they both came forth.	
Numbers 12:9	And the anger of the LORD was kindled against them; and he departed.	
Numbers 13:18	And see the land, what it is, and the people that dwelleth therein, whether they be strong or weak, few or many;	
Numbers 13:19	And what the land is that they dwell in, whether it be good or bad; and what cities they be that they dwell in, whether in tents, or in strong holds;	
Numbers 13:22	And they ascended by the south, and came unto Hebron; where Ahiman, Sheshai, and Talmai, the children of Anak, were. (Now Hebron was built seven years before Zoan in Egypt.)	
Numbers 13:23	And they came unto the brook of Eshcol, and cut down from thence a branch with one cluster of grapes, and they bare it between two upon a staff; and they brought of the pomegranates, and of the figs.	
Numbers 13:25	And they returned from searching of the land after forty days.	
Numbers 13:28	Nevertheless the people be strong that dwell in the land, and the cities are walled, and very great: and moreover we saw the children of Anak there.	
Numbers 13:33	And there we saw the giants, the sons of Anak, which come of the giants: and we were in our own sight as grasshoppers, and so we were in their sight.	
Numbers 13:4	And these were their names: of the tribe of Reuben, Shammua the son of Zaccur.	
Numbers 13:6	Of the tribe of Judah, Caleb the son of Jephunneh.	
Numbers 14:1	And all the congregation lifted up their voice, and cried; and the people wept that night.	
Numbers 14:11	And the LORD said unto Moses, How long will this people provoke me? and how long will it be ere they believe me, for all the signs which I have showed among them?	
Numbers 14:16	Because the LORD was not able to bring this people into the land which he sware unto them, therefore he hath slain them in the wilderness.	
Numbers 14:24	But my servant Caleb, because he had another spirit with him, and hath followed me fully, him will I bring into the land whereinto he went; and his seed shall possess it.	
Numbers 14:25	(Now the Amalekites and the Canaanites dwelt in the valley.) Tomorrow turn you, and get you into the wilderness by the way of the Red sea.	
Numbers 14:28	Say unto them, As truly as I live, saith the LORD, as ye have spoken in mine ears, so will I do to you:	
Numbers 14:29	Your carcasses shall fall in this wilderness; and all that were numbered of you, according to your whole number, from twenty years old and upward which have murmured against me.	
Numbers 14:31	But your little ones, which ye said should be a prey, them will I bring in, and they shall know the land which ye have despised.	
Numbers 14:34	After the number of the days in which ye searched the land, even forty days, each day for a year, shall ye bear your iniquities, even forty years, and ye shall know my breach of promise.	
Numbers 14:41	And Moses said, Wherefore now do ye transgress the commandment of the LORD? but it shall not prosper.	
Numbers 14:43	For the Amalekites and the Canaanites are there before you, and ye shall fall by the sword: because ye are turned away from the LORD, therefore the LORD will not be with you.	
Numbers 14:44	But they presumed to go up unto the hill top: nevertheless the ark of the covenant of the LORD, and Moses, departed not out of the camp.	
Numbers 14:45	Then the Amalekites came down, and the Canaanites which dwelt in that hill, and smote them, and discomfited them, even unto Hormah.	
Numbers 14:5	Then Moses and Aaron fell on their faces before all the assembly of the congregation of the children of Israel.	
Numbers 15:15	One ordinance shall be both for you of the congregation, and also for the stranger that sojourneth with you, an ordinance for ever in your generations: as ye are, so shall the stranger be before the LORD.	
Numbers 15:20	Ye shall offer up a cake of the first of your dough for an heave offering: as ye do the heave offering of the threshingfloor, so shall ye heave it.	
Numbers 15:23	Even all that the LORD hath commanded you by the hand of Moses, from the day that the LORD commanded Moses, and henceforward among your generations;	
Numbers 15:24	Then it shall be, if ought be committed by ignorance without the knowledge of the congregation, that all the congregation shall offer one young bullock for a burnt offering, for a sweet savor unto the LORD, with his meat offering, and his drink offering, according to the manner, and one kid of the goats for a sin offering.	
Numbers 15:28	And the priest shall make an atonement for the soul that sinneth ignorantly, when he sinneth by ignorance before the LORD, to make an atonement for him; and it shall be forgiven him.	
Numbers 15:29	Ye shall have one law for him that sinneth through ignorance, both for him that is born among the children of Israel, and for the stranger that sojourneth among them.	
Numbers 15:33	And they that found him gathering sticks brought him unto Moses and Aaron, and unto all the congregation.	
Numbers 15:36	And all the congregation brought him without the camp, and stoned him with stones, and he died; as the LORD commanded Moses.	
Numbers 15:37	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,	
Numbers 15:40	That ye may remember, and do all my commandments, and be holy unto your God.	
Numbers 16:11	For which cause both thou and all thy company are gathered together against the LORD: and what is Aaron, that ye murmur against him?	
Numbers 16:23	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,	
Numbers 16:24	Speak unto the congregation, saying, Get you up from about the tabernacle of Korah, Dathan, and Abiram.	
Numbers 16:25	And Moses rose up and went unto Dathan and Abiram; and the elders of Israel followed him.	
Numbers 16:27	So they gat up from the tabernacle of Korah, Dathan, and Abiram, on every side: and Dathan and Abiram came out, and stood in the door of their tents, and their wives, and their sons, and their little children.	
Numbers 16:32	And the earth opened her mouth, and swallowed them up, and their houses, and all the men that appertained unto Korah, and all their goods.	
Numbers 16:34	And all Israel that were round about them fled at the cry of them: for they said, Lest the earth swallow us up also.	
Numbers 16:4	And when Moses heard it, he fell upon his face:	
Numbers 16:6	This do; Take you censers, Korah, and all his company;	
Numbers 17:11	And Moses did so: as the LORD commanded him, so did he.	
Numbers 18:1	And the LORD said unto Aaron, Thou and thy sons and thy father's house with thee shall bear the iniquity of the sanctuary: and thou and thy sons with thee shall bear the iniquity of your priesthood.	
Numbers 18:15	Every thing that openeth the matrix in all flesh, which they bring unto the LORD, whether it be of men or beasts, shall be thine: nevertheless the firstborn of man shalt thou surely redeem, and the firstling of unclean beasts shalt thou redeem.	
Numbers 18:16	And those that are to be redeemed from a month old shalt thou redeem, according to thine estimation, for the money of five shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary, which is twenty gerahs.	
Numbers 18:18	And the flesh of them shall be thine, as the wave breast and as the right shoulder are thine.	
Numbers 18:20	And the LORD spake unto Aaron, Thou shalt have no inheritance in their land, neither shalt thou have any part among them: I am thy part and thine inheritance among the children of Israel.	
Numbers 18:21	And, behold, I have given the children of Levi all the tenth in Israel for an inheritance, for their service which they serve, even the service of the tabernacle of the congregation.	
Numbers 18:22	Neither must the children of Israel henceforth come nigh the tabernacle of the congregation, lest they bear sin, and die.	
Numbers 18:23	But the Levites shall do the service of the tabernacle of the congregation, and they shall bear their iniquity: it shall be a statute for ever throughout your generations, that among the children of Israel they have no inheritance.	
Numbers 18:25	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,	
Numbers 18:28	Thus ye also shall offer an heave offering unto the LORD of all your tithes, which ye receive of the children of Israel; and ye shall give thereof the LORD's heave offering to Aaron the priest.	
Numbers 18:4	And they shall be joined unto thee, and keep the charge of the tabernacle of the congregation, for all the service of the tabernacle: and a stranger shall not come nigh unto you.	
Numbers 19:11	He that toucheth the dead body of any man shall be unclean seven days.	
Numbers 19:14	This is the law, when a man dieth in a tent: all that come into the tent, and all that is in the tent, shall be unclean seven days.	
Numbers 19:15	And every open vessel, which hath no covering bound upon it, is unclean.	
Numbers 19:16	And whosoever toucheth one that is slain with a sword in the open fields, or a dead body, or a bone of a man, or a grave, shall be unclean seven days.	
Numbers 19:2	This is the ordinance of the law which the LORD hath commanded, saying, Speak unto the children of Israel, that they bring thee a red heifer without spot, wherein is no blemish, and upon which never came yoke:	
Numbers 19:8	And he that burneth her shall wash his clothes in water, and bathe his flesh in water, and shall be unclean until the even.	
Numbers 1:10	Of the children of Joseph: of Ephraim; Elishama the son of Ammihud: of Manasseh; Gamaliel the son of Pedahzur.	
Numbers 1:13	Of Asher; Pagiel the son of Ocran.	
Numbers 1:22	Of the children of Simeon, by their generations, after their families, by the house of their fathers, those that were numbered of them, according to the number of the names, by their polls, every male from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war;	
Numbers 1:23	Those that were numbered of them, even of the tribe of Simeon, were fifty and nine thousand and three hundred.	
Numbers 1:28	Of the children of Issachar, by their generations, after their families, by the house of their fathers, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war;	
Numbers 1:3	From twenty years old and upward, all that are able to go forth to war in Israel: thou and Aaron shall number them by their armies.	
Numbers 1:30	Of the children of Zebulun, by their generations, after their families, by the house of their fathers, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war;	
Numbers 1:31	Those that were numbered of them, even of the tribe of Zebulun, were fifty and seven thousand and four hundred.	
Numbers 1:37	Those that were numbered of them, even of the tribe of Benjamin, were thirty and five thousand and four hundred.	
Numbers 1:39	Those that were numbered of them, even of the tribe of Dan, were threescore and two thousand and seven hundred.	
Numbers 1:41	Those that were numbered of them, even of the tribe of Asher, were forty and one thousand and five hundred.	
Numbers 1:43	Those that were numbered of them, even of the tribe of Naphtali, were fifty and three thousand and four hundred.	
Numbers 1:45	So were all those that were numbered of the children of Israel, by the house of their fathers, from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war in Israel;	
Numbers 1:5	And these are the names of the men that shall stand with you: of the tribe of Reuben; Elizur the son of Shedeur.	
Numbers 1:52	And the children of Israel shall pitch their tents, every man by his own camp, and every man by his own standard, throughout their hosts.	
Numbers 1:7	Of Judah; Nahshon the son of Amminadab.	
Numbers 20:5	And wherefore have ye made us to come up out of Egypt, to bring us in unto this evil place? it is no place of seed, or of figs, or of vines, or of pomegranates; neither is there any water to drink.	
Numbers 21:11	And they journeyed from Oboth, and pitched at Ijeabarim, in the wilderness which is before Moab, toward the sunrising.	
Numbers 21:16	And from thence they went to Beer: that is the well whereof the LORD spake unto Moses, Gather the people together, and I will give them water.	
Numbers 21:18	The princes digged the well, the nobles of the people digged it, by the direction of the lawgiver, with their staves. And from the wilderness they went to Mattanah:	
Numbers 21:32	And Moses sent to spy out Jaazer, and they took the villages thereof, and drove out the Amorites that were there.	
Numbers 21:8	And the LORD said unto Moses, Make thee a fiery serpent, and set it upon a pole: and it shall come to pass, that every one that is bitten, when he looketh upon it, shall live.	
Numbers 22:10	And Balaam said unto God, Balak the son of Zippor, king of Moab, hath sent unto me, saying,	
Numbers 22:12	And God said unto Balaam, Thou shalt not go with them; thou shalt not curse the people: for they are blessed.	
Numbers 22:21	And Balaam rose up in the morning, and saddled his ass, and went with the princes of Moab.	
Numbers 22:22	And God's anger was kindled because he went: and the angel of the LORD stood in the way for an adversary against him. Now he was riding upon his ass, and his two servants were with him.	
Numbers 22:28	And the LORD opened the mouth of the ass, and she said unto Balaam, What have I done unto thee, that thou hast smitten me these three times?	
Numbers 22:31	Then the LORD opened the eyes of Balaam, and he saw the angel of the LORD standing in the way, and his sword drawn in his hand: and he bowed down his head, and fell flat on his face.	
Numbers 22:32	And the angel of the LORD said unto him, Wherefore hast thou smitten thine ass these three times? behold, I went out to withstand thee, because thy way is perverse before me:	
Numbers 22:33	And the ass saw me, and turned from me these three times: unless she had turned from me, surely now also I had slain thee, and saved her alive.	
Numbers 22:34	And Balaam said unto the angel of the LORD, I have sinned; for I knew not that thou stoodest in the way against me: now therefore, if it displease thee, I will get me back again.	
Numbers 22:36	And when Balak heard that Balaam was come, he went out to meet him unto a city of Moab, which is in the border of Arnon, which is in the utmost coast.	
Numbers 22:4	And Moab said unto the elders of Midian, Now shall this company lick up all that are round about us, as the ox licketh up the grass of the field. And Balak the son of Zippor was king of the Moabites at that time.	
Numbers 22:41	And it came to pass on the morrow, that Balak took Balaam, and brought him up into the high places of Baal, that thence he might see the utmost part of the people.	
Numbers 22:6	Come now therefore, I pray thee, curse me this people; for they are too mighty for me: peradventure I shall prevail, that we may smite them, and that I may drive them out of the land: for I wot that he whom thou blessest is blessed, and he whom thou cursest is cursed.	
Numbers 22:7	And the elders of Moab and the elders of Midian departed with the rewards of divination in their hand; and they came unto Balaam, and spake unto him the words of Balak.	
Numbers 23:1	And Balaam said unto Balak, Build me here seven altars, and prepare me here seven oxen and seven rams.	
Numbers 23:11	And Balak said unto Balaam, What hast thou done unto me? I took thee to curse mine enemies, and, behold, thou hast blessed them altogether.	
Numbers 23:12	And he answered and said, Must I not take heed to speak that which the LORD hath put in my mouth?	
Numbers 23:16	And the LORD met Balaam, and put a word in his mouth, and said, Go again unto Balak, and say thus.	
Numbers 23:17	And when he came to him, behold, he stood by his burnt offering, and the princes of Moab with him. And Balak said unto him, What hath the LORD spoken?	
Numbers 23:18	And he took up his parable, and said, Rise up, Balak, and hear; hearken unto me, thou son of Zippor:	
Numbers 23:2	And Balak did as Balaam had spoken; and Balak and Balaam offered on every altar a bullock and a ram.	
Numbers 23:21	He hath not beheld iniquity in Jacob, neither hath he seen perverseness in Israel: the LORD his God is with him, and the shout of a king is among them.	
Numbers 23:22	God brought them out of Egypt; he hath as it were the strength of an unicorn.	
Numbers 23:9	For from the top of the rocks I see him, and from the hills I behold him: lo, the people shall dwell alone, and shall not be reckoned among the nations.	
Numbers 24:14	And now, behold, I go unto my people: come therefore, and I will advertise thee what this people shall do to thy people in the latter days.	
Numbers 24:15	And he took up his parable, and said, Balaam the son of Beor hath said, and the man whose eyes are open hath said:	
Numbers 24:16	He hath said, which heard the words of God, and knew the knowledge of the most High, which saw the vision of the Almighty, falling into a trance, but having his eyes open:	
Numbers 24:18	And Edom shall be a possession, Seir also shall be a possession for his enemies; and Israel shall do valiantly.	
Numbers 24:21	And he looked on the Kenites, and took up his parable, and said, Strong is thy dwelling place, and thou puttest thy nest in a rock.	
Numbers 24:22	Nevertheless the Kenite shall be wasted, until Asshur shall carry thee away captive.	
Numbers 24:25	And Balaam rose up, and went and returned to his place: and Balak also went his way.	
Numbers 24:8	God brought him forth out of Egypt; he hath as it were the strength of an unicorn: he shall eat up the nations his enemies, and shall break their bones, and pierce them through with his arrows.	
Numbers 24:9	He couched, he lay down as a lion, and as a great lion: who shall stir him up? Blessed is he that blesseth thee, and cursed is he that curseth thee.	
Numbers 25:10	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,	
Numbers 25:13	And he shall have it, and his seed after him, even the covenant of an everlasting priesthood; because he was zealous for his God, and made an atonement for the children of Israel.	
Numbers 25:15	And the name of the Midianitish woman that was slain was Cozbi, the daughter of Zur; he was head over a people, and of a chief house in Midian.	
Numbers 26:1	And it came to pass after the plague, that the LORD spake unto Moses and unto Eleazar the son of Aaron the priest, saying,	
Numbers 26:13	Of Zerah, the family of the Zarhites: of Shaul, the family of the Shaulites.	
Numbers 26:17	Of Arod, the family of the Arodites: of Areli, the family of the Arelites.	
Numbers 26:18	These are the families of the children of Gad according to those that were numbered of them, forty thousand and five hundred.	
Numbers 26:19	The sons of Judah were Er and Onan: and Er and Onan died in the land of Canaan.	
Numbers 26:20	And the sons of Judah after their families were; of Shelah, the family of the Shelanites: of Pharez, the family of the Pharzites: of Zerah, the family of the Zarhites.	
Numbers 26:21	And the sons of Pharez were; of Hezron, the family of the Hezronites: of Hamul, the family of the Hamulites.	
Numbers 26:25	These are the families of Issachar according to those that were numbered of them, threescore and four thousand and three hundred.	
Numbers 26:26	Of the sons of Zebulun after their families: of Sered, the family of the Sardites: of Elon, the family of the Elonites: of Jahleel, the family of the Jahleelites.	
Numbers 26:29	Of the sons of Manasseh: of Machir, the family of the Machirites: and Machir begat Gilead: of Gilead come the family of the Gileadites.	
Numbers 26:3	And Moses and Eleazar the priest spake with them in the plains of Moab by Jordan near Jericho, saying,	
Numbers 26:32	And of Shemida, the family of the Shemidaites: and of Hepher, the family of the Hepherites.	
Numbers 26:33	And Zelophehad the son of Hepher had no sons, but daughters: and the names of the daughters of Zelophehad were Mahlah, and Noah, Hoglah, Milcah, and Tirzah.	
Numbers 26:35	These are the sons of Ephraim after their families: of Shuthelah, the family of the Shuthalhites: of Becher, the family of the Bachrites: of Tahan, the family of the Tahanites.	
Numbers 26:36	And these are the sons of Shuthelah: of Eran, the family of the Eranites.	
Numbers 26:38	The sons of Benjamin after their families: of Bela, the family of the Belaites: of Ashbel, the family of the Ashbelites: of Ahiram, the family of the Ahiramites:	
Numbers 26:44	Of the children of Asher after their families: of Jimna, the family of the Jimnites: of Jesui, the family of the Jesuites: of Beriah, the family of the Beriites.	
Numbers 26:46	And the name of the daughter of Asher was Sarah.	
Numbers 26:49	Of Jezer, the family of the Jezerites: of Shillem, the family of the Shillemites.	
Numbers 26:5	Reuben, the eldest son of Israel: the children of Reuben; Hanoch, of whom cometh the family of the Hanochites: of Pallu, the family of the Palluites:	
Numbers 26:51	These were the numbered of the children of Israel, six hundred thousand and a thousand seven hundred and thirty.	
Numbers 27:1	Then came the daughters of Zelophehad, the son of Hepher, the son of Gilead, the son of Machir, the son of Manasseh, of the families of Manasseh the son of Joseph: and these are the names of his daughters; Mahlah, Noah, and Hoglah, and Milcah, and Tirzah.	
Numbers 27:12	And the LORD said unto Moses, Get thee up into this mount Abarim, and see the land which I have given unto the children of Israel.	
Numbers 27:13	And when thou hast seen it, thou also shalt be gathered unto thy people, as Aaron thy brother was gathered.	
Numbers 27:19	And set him before Eleazar the priest, and before all the congregation; and give him a charge in their sight.	
Numbers 27:2	And they stood before Moses, and before Eleazar the priest, and before the princes and all the congregation, by the door of the tabernacle of the congregation, saying,	
Numbers 28:14	And their drink offerings shall be half an hin of wine unto a bullock, and the third part of an hin unto a ram, and a fourth part of an hin unto a lamb: this is the burnt offering of every month throughout the months of the year.	
Numbers 28:15	And one kid of the goats for a sin offering unto the LORD shall be offered, beside the continual burnt offering, and his drink offering.	
Numbers 28:21	A several tenth deal shalt thou offer for every lamb, throughout the seven lambs:	
Numbers 28:23	Ye shall offer these beside the burnt offering in the morning, which is for a continual burnt offering.	
Numbers 28:24	After this manner ye shall offer daily, throughout the seven days, the meat of the sacrifice made by fire, of a sweet savor unto the LORD: it shall be offered beside the continual burnt offering, and his drink offering.	
Numbers 28:25	And on the seventh day ye shall have an holy convocation; ye shall do no servile work.	
Numbers 28:3	And thou shalt say unto them, This is the offering made by fire which ye shall offer unto the LORD; two lambs of the first year without spot day by day, for a continual burnt offering.	
Numbers 28:30	And one kid of the goats, to make an atonement for you.	
Numbers 28:6	It is a continual burnt offering, which was ordained in mount Sinai for a sweet savor, a sacrifice made by fire unto the LORD.	
Numbers 29:10	A several tenth deal for one lamb, throughout the seven lambs:	
Numbers 29:18	And their meat offering and their drink offerings for the bullocks, for the rams, and for the lambs, shall be according to their number, after the manner:	
Numbers 29:20	And on the third day eleven bullocks, two rams, fourteen lambs of the first year without blemish;	
Numbers 29:21	And their meat offering and their drink offerings for the bullocks, for the rams, and for the lambs, shall be according to their number, after the manner:	
Numbers 29:24	Their meat offering and their drink offerings for the bullocks, for the rams, and for the lambs, shall be according to their number, after the manner:	
Numbers 29:25	And one kid of the goats for a sin offering; beside the continual burnt offering, his meat offering, and his drink offering.	
Numbers 29:29	And on the sixth day eight bullocks, two rams, and fourteen lambs of the first year without blemish:	
Numbers 29:3	And their meat offering shall be of flour mingled with oil, three tenth deals for a bullock, and two tenth deals for a ram,	
Numbers 29:35	On the eighth day ye shall have a solemn assembly: ye shall do no servile work therein:	
Numbers 29:36	But ye shall offer a burnt offering, a sacrifice made by fire, of a sweet savor unto the LORD: one bullock, one ram, seven lambs of the first year without blemish:	
Numbers 29:37	Their meat offering and their drink offerings for the bullock, for the ram, and for the lambs, shall be according to their number, after the manner:	
Numbers 29:38	And one goat for a sin offering; beside the continual burnt offering, and his meat offering, and his drink offering.	
Numbers 29:40	And Moses told the children of Israel according to all that the LORD commanded Moses.	
Numbers 29:6	Beside the burnt offering of the month, and his meat offering, and the daily burnt offering, and his meat offering, and their drink offerings, according unto their manner, for a sweet savor, a sacrifice made by fire unto the LORD.	
Numbers 29:8	But ye shall offer a burnt offering unto the LORD for a sweet savor; one young bullock, one ram, and seven lambs of the first year; they shall be unto you without blemish:	
Numbers 2:14	Then the tribe of Gad: and the captain of the sons of Gad shall be Eliasaph the son of Reuel.	
Numbers 2:16	All that were numbered in the camp of Reuben were an hundred thousand and fifty and one thousand and four hundred and fifty, throughout their armies. And they shall set forth in the second rank.	
Numbers 2:17	Then the tabernacle of the congregation shall set forward with the camp of the Levites in the midst of the camp: as they encamp, so shall they set forward, every man in his place by their standards.	
Numbers 2:20	And by him shall be the tribe of Manasseh: and the captain of the children of Manasseh shall be Gamaliel the son of Pedahzur.	
Numbers 2:25	The standard of the camp of Dan shall be on the north side by their armies: and the captain of the children of Dan shall be Ahiezer the son of Ammishaddai.	
Numbers 2:32	These are those which were numbered of the children of Israel by the house of their fathers: all those that were numbered of the camps throughout their hosts were six hundred thousand and three thousand and five hundred and fifty.	
Numbers 2:34	And the children of Israel did according to all that the LORD commanded Moses: so they pitched by their standards, and so they set forward, every one after their families, according to the house of their fathers.	
Numbers 2:5	And those that do pitch next unto him shall be the tribe of Issachar: and Nethaneel the son of Zuar shall be captain of the children of Issachar.	
Numbers 2:6	And his host, and those that were numbered thereof, were fifty and four thousand and four hundred.	
Numbers 2:7	Then the tribe of Zebulun: and Eliab the son of Helon shall be captain of the children of Zebulun.	
Numbers 2:9	All that were numbered in the camp of Judah were an hundred thousand and fourscore thousand and six thousand and four hundred, throughout their armies. These shall first set forth.	
Numbers 30:12	But if her husband hath utterly made them void on the day he heard them; then whatsoever proceeded out of her lips concerning her vows, or concerning the bond of her soul, shall not stand: her husband hath made them void; and the LORD shall forgive her.	
Numbers 30:13	Every vow, and every binding oath to afflict the soul, her husband may establish it, or her husband may make it void.	
Numbers 30:7	And her husband heard it, and held his peace at her in the day that he heard it: then her vows shall stand, and her bonds wherewith she bound her soul shall stand.	
Numbers 30:8	But if her husband disallowed her on the day that he heard it; then he shall make her vow which she vowed, and that which she uttered with her lips, wherewith she bound her soul, of none effect: and the LORD shall forgive her.	
Numbers 30:9	But every vow of a widow, and of her that is divorced, wherewith they have bound their souls, shall stand against her.	
Numbers 31:13	And Moses, and Eleazar the priest, and all the princes of the congregation, went forth to meet them without the camp.	
Numbers 31:2	Avenge the children of Israel of the Midianites: afterward shalt thou be gathered unto thy people.	
Numbers 31:22	Only the gold, and the silver, the brass, the iron, the tin, and the lead,	
Numbers 31:23	Every thing that may abide the fire, ye shall make it go through the fire, and it shall be clean: nevertheless it shall be purified with the water of separation: and all that abideth not the fire ye shall make go through the water.	
Numbers 31:33	And threescore and twelve thousand beeves,	
Numbers 31:36	And the half, which was the portion of them that went out to war, was in number three hundred thousand and seven and thirty thousand and five hundred sheep:	
Numbers 31:39	And the asses were thirty thousand and five hundred; of which the LORD's tribute was threescore and one.	
Numbers 31:40	And the persons were sixteen thousand; of which the LORD's tribute was thirty and two persons.	
Numbers 31:48	And the officers which were over thousands of the host, the captains of thousands, and captains of hundreds, came near unto Moses:	
Numbers 31:49	And they said unto Moses, Thy servants have taken the sum of the men of war which are under our charge, and there lacketh not one man of us.	
Numbers 31:52	And all the gold of the offering that they offered up to the LORD, of the captains of thousands, and of the captains of hundreds, was sixteen thousand seven hundred and fifty shekels.	
Numbers 32:13	And the LORD's anger was kindled against Israel, and he made them wander in the wilderness forty years, until all the generation, that had done evil in the sight of the LORD, was consumed.	
Numbers 32:14	And, behold, ye are risen up in your fathers' stead, an increase of sinful men, to augment yet the fierce anger of the LORD toward Israel.	
Numbers 32:3	Ataroth, and Dibon, and Jazer, and Nimrah, and Heshbon, and Elealeh, and Shebam, and Nebo, and Beon,	
Numbers 32:39	And the children of Machir the son of Manasseh went to Gilead, and took it, and dispossessed the Amorite which was in it.	
Numbers 32:41	And Jair the son of Manasseh went and took the small towns thereof, and called them Havothjair.	
Numbers 32:6	And Moses said unto the children of Gad and to the children of Reuben, Shall your brethren go to war, and shall ye sit here?	
Numbers 32:7	And wherefore discourage ye the heart of the children of Israel from going over into the land which the LORD hath given them?	
Numbers 33:13	And they departed from Dophkah, and encamped in Alush.	
Numbers 33:16	And they removed from the desert of Sinai, and pitched at Kibrothhattaavah.	
Numbers 33:17	And they departed from Kibrothhattaavah, and encamped at Hazeroth.	
Numbers 33:2	And Moses wrote their goings out according to their journeys by the commandment of the LORD: and these are their journeys according to their goings out.	
Numbers 33:21	And they removed from Libnah, and pitched at Rissah.	
Numbers 33:24	And they removed from mount Shapher, and encamped in Haradah.	
Numbers 33:25	And they removed from Haradah, and pitched in Makheloth.	
Numbers 33:26	And they removed from Makheloth, and encamped at Tahath.	
Numbers 33:32	And they removed from Benejaakan, and encamped at Horhagidgad.	
Numbers 33:34	And they removed from Jotbathah, and encamped at Ebronah.	
Numbers 33:36	And they removed from Eziongaber, and pitched in the wilderness of Zin, which is Kadesh.	
Numbers 33:4	For the Egyptians buried all their firstborn, which the LORD had smitten among them: upon their gods also the LORD executed judgments.	
Numbers 33:44	And they departed from Oboth, and pitched in Ijeabarim, in the border of Moab.	
Numbers 33:49	And they pitched by Jordan, from Bethjesimoth even unto Abelshittim in the plains of Moab.	
Numbers 33:52	Then ye shall drive out all the inhabitants of the land from before you, and destroy all their pictures, and destroy all their molten images, and quite pluck down all their high places:	
Numbers 33:54	And ye shall divide the land by lot for an inheritance among your families: and to the more ye shall give the more inheritance, and to the fewer ye shall give the less inheritance: every man's inheritance shall be in the place where his lot falleth; according to the tribes of your fathers ye shall inherit.	
Numbers 34:1	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,	
Numbers 34:12	And the border shall go down to Jordan, and the goings out of it shall be at the salt sea: this shall be your land with the coasts thereof round about.	
Numbers 34:16	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,	
Numbers 34:2	Command the children of Israel, and say unto them, When ye come into the land of Canaan; (this is the land that shall fall unto you for an inheritance, even the land of Canaan with the coasts thereof:)	
Numbers 34:26	And the prince of the tribe of the children of Issachar, Paltiel the son of Azzan.	
Numbers 34:28	And the prince of the tribe of the children of Naphtali, Pedahel the son of Ammihud.	
Numbers 35:18	Or if he smite him with an hand weapon of wood, wherewith he may die, and he die, he is a murderer: the murderer shall surely be put to death.	
Numbers 35:23	Or with any stone, wherewith a man may die, seeing him not, and cast it upon him, that he die, and was not his enemy, neither sought his harm:	
Numbers 35:25	And the congregation shall deliver the slayer out of the hand of the revenger of blood, and the congregation shall restore him to the city of his refuge, whither he was fled: and he shall abide in it unto the death of the high priest, which was anointed with the holy oil.	
Numbers 35:26	But if the slayer shall at any time come without the border of the city of his refuge, whither he was fled;	
Numbers 35:5	And ye shall measure from without the city on the east side two thousand cubits, and on the south side two thousand cubits, and on the west side two thousand cubits, and on the north side two thousand cubits; and the city shall be in the midst: this shall be to them the suburbs of the cities.	
Numbers 35:6	And among the cities which ye shall give unto the Levites there shall be six cities for refuge, which ye shall appoint for the manslayer, that he may flee thither: and to them ye shall add forty and two cities.	
Numbers 36:10	Even as the LORD commanded Moses, so did the daughters of Zelophehad:	
Numbers 36:12	And they were married into the families of the sons of Manasseh the son of Joseph, and their inheritance remained in the tribe of the family of their father.	
Numbers 36:13	These are the commandments and the judgments, which the LORD commanded by the hand of Moses unto the children of Israel in the plains of Moab by Jordan near Jericho.	
Numbers 36:2	And they said, The LORD commanded my lord to give the land for an inheritance by lot to the children of Israel: and my lord was commanded by the LORD to give the inheritance of Zelophehad our brother unto his daughters.	
Numbers 36:4	And when the jubilee of the children of Israel shall be, then shall their inheritance be put unto the inheritance of the tribe whereunto they are received: so shall their inheritance be taken away from the inheritance of the tribe of our fathers.	
Numbers 3:10	And thou shalt appoint Aaron and his sons, and they shall wait on their priest's office: and the stranger that cometh nigh shall be put to death.	
Numbers 3:2	And these are the names of the sons of Aaron; Nadab the firstborn, and Abihu, Eleazar, and Ithamar.	
Numbers 3:20	And the sons of Merari by their families; Mahli, and Mushi. These are the families of the Levites according to the house of their fathers.	
Numbers 3:24	And the chief of the house of the father of the Gershonites shall be Eliasaph the son of Lael.	
Numbers 3:25	And the charge of the sons of Gershon in the tabernacle of the congregation shall be the tabernacle, and the tent, the covering thereof, and the hanging for the door of the tabernacle of the congregation,	
Numbers 3:29	The families of the sons of Kohath shall pitch on the side of the tabernacle southward.	
Numbers 3:30	And the chief of the house of the father of the families of the Kohathites shall be Elizaphan the son of Uzziel.	
Numbers 3:32	And Eleazar the son of Aaron the priest shall be chief over the chief of the Levites, and have the oversight of them that keep the charge of the sanctuary.	
Numbers 3:34	And those that were numbered of them, according to the number of all the males, from a month old and upward, were six thousand and two hundred.	
Numbers 3:35	And the chief of the house of the father of the families of Merari was Zuriel the son of Abihail: these shall pitch on the side of the tabernacle northward.	
Numbers 3:40	And the LORD said unto Moses, Number all the firstborn of the males of the children of Israel from a month old and upward, and take the number of their names.	
Numbers 3:41	And thou shalt take the Levites for me (I am the LORD) instead of all the firstborn among the children of Israel; and the cattle of the Levites instead of all the firstlings among the cattle of the children of Israel.	
Numbers 3:43	And all the firstborn males by the number of names, from a month old and upward, of those that were numbered of them, were twenty and two thousand two hundred and threescore and thirteen.	
Numbers 3:46	And for those that are to be redeemed of the two hundred and threescore and thirteen of the firstborn of the children of Israel, which are more than the Levites;	
Numbers 3:49	And Moses took the redemption money of them that were over and above them that were redeemed by the Levites:	
Numbers 3:5	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,	
Numbers 3:7	And they shall keep his charge, and the charge of the whole congregation before the tabernacle of the congregation, to do the service of the tabernacle.	
Numbers 4:22	Take also the sum of the sons of Gershon, throughout the houses of their fathers, by their families;	
Numbers 4:23	From thirty years old and upward until fifty years old shalt thou number them; all that enter in to perform the service, to do the work in the tabernacle of the congregation.	
Numbers 4:25	And they shall bear the curtains of the tabernacle, and the tabernacle of the congregation, his covering, and the covering of the badgers' skins that is above upon it, and the hanging for the door of the tabernacle of the congregation,	
Numbers 4:28	This is the service of the families of the sons of Gershon in the tabernacle of the congregation: and their charge shall be under the hand of Ithamar the son of Aaron the priest.	
Numbers 4:29	As for the sons of Merari, thou shalt number them after their families, by the house of their fathers;	
Numbers 4:3	From thirty years old and upward even until fifty years old, all that enter into the host, to do the work in the tabernacle of the congregation.	
Numbers 4:32	And the pillars of the court round about, and their sockets, and their pins, and their cords, with all their instruments, and with all their service: and by name ye shall reckon the instruments of the charge of their burden.	
Numbers 4:37	These were they that were numbered of the families of the Kohathites, all that might do service in the tabernacle of the congregation, which Moses and Aaron did number according to the commandment of the LORD by the hand of Moses.	
Numbers 4:38	And those that were numbered of the sons of Gershon, throughout their families, and by the house of their fathers,	
Numbers 4:39	From thirty years old and upward even unto fifty years old, every one that entereth into the service, for the work in the tabernacle of the congregation,	
Numbers 4:41	These are they that were numbered of the families of the sons of Gershon, of all that might do service in the tabernacle of the congregation, whom Moses and Aaron did number according to the commandment of the LORD.	
Numbers 5:13	And a man lie with her carnally, and it be hid from the eyes of her husband, and be kept close, and she be defiled, and there be no witness against her, neither she be taken with the manner;	
Numbers 5:17	And the priest shall take holy water in an earthen vessel; and of the dust that is in the floor of the tabernacle the priest shall take, and put it into the water:	
Numbers 5:18	And the priest shall set the woman before the LORD, and uncover the woman's head, and put the offering of memorial in her hands, which is the jealousy offering: and the priest shall have in his hand the bitter water that causeth the curse:	
Numbers 5:19	And the priest shall charge her by an oath, and say unto the woman, If no man have lain with thee, and if thou hast not gone aside to uncleanness with another instead of thy husband, be thou free from this bitter water that causeth the curse:	
Numbers 5:3	Both male and female shall ye put out, without the camp shall ye put them; that they defile not their camps, in the midst whereof I dwell.	
Numbers 5:4	And the children of Israel did so, and put them out without the camp: as the LORD spake unto Moses, so did the children of Israel.	
Numbers 5:6	Speak unto the children of Israel, When a man or woman shall commit any sin that men commit, to do a trespass against the LORD, and that person be guilty;	
Numbers 6:13	And this is the law of the Nazarite, when the days of his separation are fulfilled: he shall be brought unto the door of the tabernacle of the congregation:	
Numbers 6:15	And a basket of unleavened bread, cakes of fine flour mingled with oil, and wafers of unleavened bread anointed with oil, and their meat offering, and their drink offerings.	
Numbers 6:20	And the priest shall wave them for a wave offering before the LORD: this is holy for the priest, with the wave breast and heave shoulder: and after that the Nazarite may drink wine.	
Numbers 6:22	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,	
Numbers 6:23	Speak unto Aaron and unto his sons, saying, On this wise ye shall bless the children of Israel, saying unto them,	
Numbers 6:26	The LORD lift up his countenance upon thee, and give thee peace.	
Numbers 6:9	And if any man die very suddenly by him, and he hath defiled the head of his consecration; then he shall shave his head in the day of his cleansing, on the seventh day shall he shave it.	
Numbers 7:11	And the LORD said unto Moses, They shall offer their offering, each prince on his day, for the dedicating of the altar.	
Numbers 7:13	And his offering was one silver charger, the weight thereof was an hundred and thirty shekels, one silver bowl of seventy shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary; both of them were full of fine flour mingled with oil for a meat offering:	
Numbers 7:17	And for a sacrifice of peace offerings, two oxen, five rams, five he goats, five lambs of the first year: this was the offering of Nahshon the son of Amminadab.	
Numbers 7:18	On the second day Nethaneel the son of Zuar, prince of Issachar, did offer:	
Numbers 7:20	One spoon of gold of ten shekels, full of incense:	
Numbers 7:23	And for a sacrifice of peace offerings, two oxen, five rams, five he goats, five lambs of the first year: this was the offering of Nethaneel the son of Zuar.	
Numbers 7:25	His offering was one silver charger, the weight whereof was an hundred and thirty shekels, one silver bowl of seventy shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary; both of them full of fine flour mingled with oil for a meat offering:	
Numbers 7:26	One golden spoon of ten shekels, full of incense:	
Numbers 7:28	One kid of the goats for a sin offering:	
Numbers 7:35	And for a sacrifice of peace offerings, two oxen, five rams, five he goats, five lambs of the first year: this was the offering of Elizur the son of Shedeur.	
Numbers 7:39	One young bullock, one ram, one lamb of the first year, for a burnt offering:	
Numbers 7:41	And for a sacrifice of peace offerings, two oxen, five rams, five he goats, five lambs of the first year: this was the offering of Shelumiel the son of Zurishaddai.	
Numbers 7:42	On the sixth day Eliasaph the son of Deuel, prince of the children of Gad, offered:	
Numbers 7:44	One golden spoon of ten shekels, full of incense:	
Numbers 7:46	One kid of the goats for a sin offering:	
Numbers 7:47	And for a sacrifice of peace offerings, two oxen, five rams, five he goats, five lambs of the first year: this was the offering of Eliasaph the son of Deuel.	
Numbers 7:5	Take it of them, that they may be to do the service of the tabernacle of the congregation; and thou shalt give them unto the Levites, to every man according to his service.	
Numbers 7:53	And for a sacrifice of peace offerings, two oxen, five rams, five he goats, five lambs of the first year: this was the offering of Elishama the son of Ammihud.	
Numbers 7:55	His offering was one silver charger of the weight of an hundred and thirty shekels, one silver bowl of seventy shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary; both of them full of fine flour mingled with oil for a meat offering:	
Numbers 7:57	One young bullock, one ram, one lamb of the first year, for a burnt offering:	
Numbers 7:59	And for a sacrifice of peace offerings, two oxen, five rams, five he goats, five lambs of the first year: this was the offering of Gamaliel the son of Pedahzur.	
Numbers 7:6	And Moses took the wagons and the oxen, and gave them unto the Levites.	
Numbers 7:61	His offering was one silver charger, the weight whereof was an hundred and thirty shekels, one silver bowl of seventy shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary; both of them full of fine flour mingled with oil for a meat offering:	
Numbers 7:62	One golden spoon of ten shekels, full of incense:	
Numbers 7:64	One kid of the goats for a sin offering:	
Numbers 7:65	And for a sacrifice of peace offerings, two oxen, five rams, five he goats, five lambs of the first year: this was the offering of Abidan the son of Gideoni.	
Numbers 7:66	On the tenth day Ahiezer the son of Ammishaddai, prince of the children of Dan, offered:	
Numbers 7:72	On the eleventh day Pagiel the son of Ocran, prince of the children of Asher, offered:	
Numbers 7:75	One young bullock, one ram, one lamb of the first year, for a burnt offering:	
Numbers 7:80	One golden spoon of ten shekels, full of incense:	
Numbers 7:82	One kid of the goats for a sin offering:	
Numbers 7:84	This was the dedication of the altar, in the day when it was anointed, by the princes of Israel: twelve chargers of silver, twelve silver bowls, twelve spoons of gold:	
Numbers 7:85	Each charger of silver weighing an hundred and thirty shekels, each bowl seventy: all the silver vessels weighed two thousand and four hundred shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary:	
Numbers 7:87	All the oxen for the burnt offering were twelve bullocks, the rams twelve, the lambs of the first year twelve, with their meat offering: and the kids of the goats for sin offering twelve.	
Numbers 7:88	And all the oxen for the sacrifice of the peace offerings were twenty and four bullocks, the rams sixty, the he goats sixty, the lambs of the first year sixty. This was the dedication of the altar, after that it was anointed.	
Numbers 8:18	And I have taken the Levites for all the firstborn of the children of Israel.	
Numbers 8:4	And this work of the candlestick was of beaten gold, unto the shaft thereof, unto the flowers thereof, was beaten work: according unto the pattern which the LORD had showed Moses, so he made the candlestick.	
Numbers 8:7	And thus shalt thou do unto them, to cleanse them: Sprinkle water of purifying upon them, and let them shave all their flesh, and let them wash their clothes, and so make themselves clean.	
Numbers 9:1	And the LORD spake unto Moses in the wilderness of Sinai, in the first month of the second year after they were come out of the land of Egypt, saying,	
Numbers 9:11	The fourteenth day of the second month at even they shall keep it, and eat it with unleavened bread and bitter herbs.	
Numbers 9:17	And when the cloud was taken up from the tabernacle, then after that the children of Israel journeyed: and in the place where the cloud abode, there the children of Israel pitched their tents.	
Numbers 9:18	At the commandment of the LORD the children of Israel journeyed, and at the commandment of the LORD they pitched: as long as the cloud abode upon the tabernacle they rested in their tents.	
Numbers 9:21	And so it was, when the cloud abode from even unto the morning, and that the cloud was taken up in the morning, then they journeyed: whether it was by day or by night that the cloud was taken up, they journeyed.	
Numbers 9:3	In the fourteenth day of this month, at even, ye shall keep it in his appointed season: according to all the rites of it, and according to all the ceremonies thereof, shall ye keep it.	
Numbers 9:4	And Moses spake unto the children of Israel, that they should keep the passover.	
Numbers 9:5	And they kept the passover on the fourteenth day of the first month at even in the wilderness of Sinai: according to all that the LORD commanded Moses, so did the children of Israel.	
Numbers 9:7	And those men said unto him, We are defiled by the dead body of a man: wherefore are we kept back, that we may not offer an offering of the LORD in his appointed season among the children of Israel?	
Obadiah 1:12	But thou shouldest not have looked on the day of thy brother in the day that he became a stranger; neither shouldest thou have rejoiced over the children of Judah in the day of their destruction; neither shouldest thou have spoken proudly in the day of distress.	
Obadiah 1:14	Neither shouldest thou have stood in the crossway, to cut off those of his that did escape; neither shouldest thou have delivered up those of his that did remain in the day of distress.	
Obadiah 1:18	And the house of Jacob shall be a fire, and the house of Joseph a flame, and the house of Esau for stubble, and they shall kindle in them, and devour them; and there shall not be any remaining of the house of Esau; for the LORD hath spoken it.	
Obadiah 1:7	All the men of thy confederacy have brought thee even to the border: the men that were at peace with thee have deceived thee, and prevailed against thee; that they eat thy bread have laid a wound under thee: there is none understanding in him.	
Philemon 1:10	I beseech thee for my son Onesimus, whom I have begotten in my bonds:	
Philemon 1:12	Whom I have sent again: thou therefore receive him, that is, mine own bowels:	
Philemon 1:14	But without thy mind would I do nothing; that thy benefit should not be as it were of necessity, but willingly.	
Philemon 1:15	For perhaps he therefore departed for a season, that thou shouldest receive him for ever;	
Philemon 1:16	Not now as a servant, but above a servant, a brother beloved, specially to me, but how much more unto thee, both in the flesh, and in the Lord?	
Philemon 1:17	If thou count me therefore a partner, receive him as myself.	
Philemon 1:20	Yea, brother, let me have joy of thee in the Lord: refresh my bowels in the Lord.	
Philemon 1:24	Marcus, Aristarchus, Demas, Lucas, my fellowlabourers.	
Philemon 1:8	Wherefore, though I might be much bold in Christ to enjoin thee that which is convenient,	
Philippians 1:12	But I would ye should understand, brethren, that the things which happened unto me have fallen out rather unto the furtherance of the gospel;	
Philippians 1:18	What then? notwithstanding, every way, whether in pretence, or in truth, Christ is preached; and I therein do rejoice, yea, and will rejoice.	
Philippians 1:23	For I am in a strait betwixt two, having a desire to depart, and to be with Christ; which is far better:	
Philippians 1:26	That your rejoicing may be more abundant in Jesus Christ for me by my coming to you again.	
Philippians 1:6	Being confident of this very thing, that he which hath begun a good work in you will perform it until the day of Jesus Christ:	
Philippians 1:8	For God is my record, how greatly I long after you all in the bowels of Jesus Christ.	
Philippians 1:9	And this I pray, that your love may abound yet more and more in knowledge and in all judgment;	
Philippians 2:12	Wherefore, my beloved, as ye have always obeyed, not as in my presence only, but now much more in my absence, work out your own salvation with fear and trembling.	
Philippians 2:14	Do all things without murmurings and disputings:	
Philippians 2:21	For all seek their own, not the things which are Jesus Christ's.	
Philippians 2:22	But ye know the proof of him, that, as a son with the father, he hath served with me in the gospel.	
Philippians 2:3	Let nothing be done through strife or vainglory; but in lowliness of mind let each esteem other better than themselves.	
Philippians 2:6	Who, being in the form of God, thought it not robbery to be equal with God:	
Philippians 2:7	But made himself of no reputation, and took upon him the form of a servant, and was made in the likeness of men:	
Philippians 3:10	That I may know him, and the power of his resurrection, and the fellowship of his sufferings, being made conformable unto his death;	
Philippians 3:11	If by any means I might attain unto the resurrection of the dead.	
Philippians 3:12	Not as though I had already attained, either were already perfect: but I follow after, if that I may apprehend that for which also I am apprehended of Christ Jesus.	
Philippians 3:14	I press toward the mark for the prize of the high calling of God in Christ Jesus.	
Philippians 3:19	Whose end is destruction, whose God is their belly, and whose glory is in their shame, who mind earthly things.)	
Philippians 3:2	Beware of dogs, beware of evil workers, beware of the concision.	
Philippians 3:20	For our conversation is in heaven; from whence also we look for the Saviour, the Lord Jesus Christ:	
Philippians 3:4	Though I might also have confidence in the flesh. If any other man thinketh that he hath whereof he might trust in the flesh, I more:	
Philippians 3:7	But what things were gain to me, those I counted loss for Christ.	
Philippians 3:9	And be found in him, not having mine own righteousness, which is of the law, but that which is through the faith of Christ, the righteousness which is of God by faith:	
Philippians 4:10	But I rejoiced in the Lord greatly, that now at the last your care of me hath flourished again; wherein ye were also careful, but ye lacked opportunity.	
Philippians 4:11	Not that I speak in respect of want: for I have learned, in whatsoever state I am, therewith to be content.	
Philippians 4:13	I can do all things through Christ which strengtheneth me.	
Philippians 4:14	Notwithstanding ye have well done, that ye did communicate with my affliction.	
Philippians 4:4	Rejoice in the Lord alway: and again I say, Rejoice.	
Philippians 4:9	Those things, which ye have both learned, and received, and heard, and seen in me, do: and the God of peace shall be with you.	
Proverbs 10:11	The mouth of a righteous man is a well of life: but violence covereth the mouth of the wicked.	
Proverbs 10:16	The labour of the righteous tendeth to life: the fruit of the wicked to sin.	
Proverbs 10:4	He becometh poor that dealeth with a slack hand: but the hand of the diligent maketh rich.	
Proverbs 10:9	He that walketh uprightly walketh surely: but he that perverteth his ways shall be known.	
Proverbs 11:1	A false balance is abomination to the LORD: but a just weight is his delight.	
Proverbs 11:12	He that is void of wisdom despiseth his neighbour: but a man of understanding holdeth his peace.	
Proverbs 11:18	The wicked worketh a deceitful work: but to him that soweth righteousness shall be a sure reward.	
Proverbs 11:20	They that are of a froward heart are abomination to the LORD: but such as are upright in their way are his delight.	
Proverbs 11:4	Riches profit not in the day of wrath: but righteousness delivereth from death.	
Proverbs 11:8	The righteous is delivered out of trouble, and the wicked cometh in his stead.	
Proverbs 12:4	A virtuous woman is a crown to her husband: but she that maketh ashamed is as rottenness in his bones.	
Proverbs 12:7	The wicked are overthrown, and are not: but the house of the righteous shall stand.	
Proverbs 13:11	Wealth gotten by vanity shall be diminished: but he that gathereth by labour shall increase.	
Proverbs 13:21	Evil pursueth sinners: but to the righteous good shall be repayed.	
Proverbs 13:22	A good man leaveth an inheritance to his children's children: and the wealth of the sinner is laid up for the just.	
Proverbs 13:4	The soul of the sluggard desireth, and hath nothing: but the soul of the diligent shall be made fat.	
Proverbs 13:9	The light of the righteous rejoiceth: but the lamp of the wicked shall be put out.	
Proverbs 14:11	The house of the wicked shall be overthrown: but the tabernacle of the upright shall flourish.	
Proverbs 14:13	Even in laughter the heart is sorrowful; and the end of that mirth is heaviness.	
Proverbs 14:15	The simple believeth every word: but the prudent man looketh well to his going.	
Proverbs 14:16	A wise man feareth, and departeth from evil: but the fool rageth, and is confident.	
Proverbs 14:17	He that is soon angry dealeth foolishly: and a man of wicked devices is hated.	
Proverbs 14:18	The simple inherit folly: but the prudent are crowned with knowledge.	
Proverbs 14:21	He that despiseth his neighbour sinneth: but he that hath mercy on the poor, happy is he.	
Proverbs 14:24	The crown of the wise is their riches: but the foolishness of fools is folly.	
Proverbs 14:3	In the mouth of the foolish is a rod of pride: but the lips of the wise shall preserve them.	
Proverbs 14:33	Wisdom resteth in the heart of him that hath understanding: but that which is in the midst of fools is made known.	
Proverbs 14:34	Righteousness exalteth a nation: but sin is a reproach to any people.	
Proverbs 14:6	A scorner seeketh wisdom, and findeth it not: but knowledge is easy unto him that understandeth.	
Proverbs 15:12	A scorner loveth not one that reproveth him: neither will he go unto the wise.	
Proverbs 15:19	The way of the slothful man is as an hedge of thorns: but the way of the righteous is made plain.	
Proverbs 15:20	A wise son maketh a glad father: but a foolish man despiseth his mother.	
Proverbs 15:28	The heart of the righteous studieth to answer: but the mouth of the wicked poureth out evil things.	
Proverbs 15:30	The light of the eyes rejoiceth the heart: and a good report maketh the bones fat.	
Proverbs 15:31	The ear that heareth the reproof of life abideth among the wise.	
Proverbs 15:6	In the house of the righteous is much treasure: but in the revenues of the wicked is trouble.	
Proverbs 16:1	The preparations of the heart in man, and the answer of the tongue, is from the LORD.	
Proverbs 16:12	It is an abomination to kings to commit wickedness: for the throne is established by righteousness.	
Proverbs 16:15	In the light of the king's countenance is life; and his favour is as a cloud of the latter rain.	
Proverbs 16:18	Pride goeth before destruction, and an haughty spirit before a fall.	
Proverbs 16:23	The heart of the wise teacheth his mouth, and addeth learning to his lips.	
Proverbs 16:26	He that laboureth laboureth for himself; for his mouth craveth it of him.	
Proverbs 16:27	An ungodly man diggeth up evil: and in his lips there is as a burning fire.	
Proverbs 16:32	He that is slow to anger is better than the mighty; and he that ruleth his spirit than he that taketh a city.	
Proverbs 17:1	Better is a dry morsel, and quietness therewith, than an house full of sacrifices with strife.	
Proverbs 17:16	Wherefore is there a price in the hand of a fool to get wisdom, seeing he hath no heart to it?	
Proverbs 17:17	A friend loveth at all times, and a brother is born for adversity.	
Proverbs 17:20	He that hath a froward heart findeth no good: and he that hath a perverse tongue falleth into mischief.	
Proverbs 17:21	He that begetteth a fool doeth it to his sorrow: and the father of a fool hath no joy.	
Proverbs 17:23	A wicked man taketh a gift out of the bosom to pervert the ways of judgment.	
Proverbs 17:25	A foolish son is a grief to his father, and bitterness to her that bare him.	
Proverbs 17:26	Also to punish the just is not good, nor to strike princes for equity.	
Proverbs 17:28	Even a fool, when he holdeth his peace, is counted wise: and he that shutteth his lips is esteemed a man of understanding.	
Proverbs 17:7	Excellent speech becometh not a fool: much less do lying lips a prince.	
Proverbs 17:8	A gift is as a precious stone in the eyes of him that hath it: whithersoever it turneth, it prospereth.	
Proverbs 18:24	A man that hath friends must shew himself friendly: and there is a friend that sticketh closer than a brother.	
Proverbs 18:5	It is not good to accept the person of the wicked, to overthrow the righteous in judgment.	
Proverbs 18:6	A fool's lips enter into contention, and his mouth calleth for strokes.	
Proverbs 18:9	He also that is slothful in his work is brother to him that is a great waster.	
Proverbs 19:11	The discretion of a man deferreth his anger; and it is his glory to pass over a transgression.	
Proverbs 19:14	House and riches are the inheritance of fathers: and a prudent wife is from the LORD.	
Proverbs 19:15	Slothfulness casteth into a deep sleep; and an idle soul shall suffer hunger.	
Proverbs 19:2	Also, that the soul be without knowledge, it is not good; and he that hasteth with his feet sinneth.	
Proverbs 19:23	The fear of the LORD tendeth to life: and he that hath it shall abide satisfied; he shall not be visited with evil.	
Proverbs 19:24	A slothful man hideth his hand in his bosom, and will not so much as bring it to his mouth again.	
Proverbs 19:28	An ungodly witness scorneth judgment: and the mouth of the wicked devoureth iniquity.	
Proverbs 1:10	My son, if sinners entice thee, consent thou not.	
Proverbs 1:13	We shall find all precious substance, we shall fill our houses with spoil:	
Proverbs 1:15	My son, walk not thou in the way with them; refrain thy foot from their path:	
Proverbs 1:16	For their feet run to evil, and make haste to shed blood.	
Proverbs 1:17	Surely in vain the net is spread in the sight of any bird.	
Proverbs 1:19	So are the ways of every one that is greedy of gain; which taketh away the life of the owners thereof.	
Proverbs 1:20	Wisdom crieth without; she uttereth her voice in the streets:	
Proverbs 1:3	To receive the instruction of wisdom, justice, and judgment, and equity;	
Proverbs 1:33	But whoso hearkeneth unto me shall dwell safely, and shall be quiet from fear of evil.	
Proverbs 1:4	To give subtilty to the simple, to the young man knowledge and discretion.	
Proverbs 20:12	The hearing ear, and the seeing eye, the LORD hath made even both of them.	
Proverbs 20:14	It is naught, it is naught, saith the buyer: but when he is gone his way, then he boasteth.	
Proverbs 20:2	The fear of a king is as the roaring of a lion: whoso provoketh him to anger sinneth against his own soul.	
Proverbs 20:25	It is a snare to the man who devoureth that which is holy, and after vows to make enquiry.	
Proverbs 20:4	The sluggard will not plow by reason of the cold; therefore shall he beg in harvest, and have nothing.	
Proverbs 20:5	Counsel in the heart of man is like deep water; but a man of understanding will draw it out.	
Proverbs 20:6	Most men will proclaim every one his own goodness: but a faithful man who can find?	
Proverbs 21:13	Whoso stoppeth his ears at the cry of the poor, he also shall cry himself, but shall not be heard.	
Proverbs 21:14	A gift in secret pacifieth anger: and a reward in the bosom strong wrath.	
Proverbs 21:15	It is joy to the just to do judgment: but destruction shall be to the workers of iniquity.	
Proverbs 21:17	He that loveth pleasure shall be a poor man: he that loveth wine and oil shall not be rich.	
Proverbs 21:18	The wicked shall be a ransom for the righteous, and the transgressor for the upright.	
Proverbs 21:2	Every way of a man is right in his own eyes: but the LORD pondereth the hearts.	
Proverbs 21:8	The way of man is froward and strange: but as for the pure, his work is right.	
Proverbs 22:1	A GOOD name is rather to be chosen than great riches, and loving favour rather than silver and gold.	
Proverbs 22:10	Cast out the scorner, and contention shall go out; yea, strife and reproach shall cease.	
Proverbs 22:11	He that loveth pureness of heart, for the grace of his lips the king shall be his friend.	
Proverbs 22:14	The mouth of strange women is a deep pit: he that is abhorred of the LORD shall fall therein.	
Proverbs 22:18	For it is a pleasant thing if thou keep them within thee; they shall withal be fitted in thy lips.	
Proverbs 22:21	That I might make thee know the certainty of the words of truth; that thou mightest answer the words of truth to them that send unto thee?	
Proverbs 22:23	For the LORD will plead their cause, and spoil the soul of those that spoiled them.	
Proverbs 22:24	Make no friendship with an angry man; and with a furious man thou shalt not go:	
Proverbs 22:3	A prudent man foreseeth the evil, and hideth himself: but the simple pass on, and are punished.	
Proverbs 22:7	The rich ruleth over the poor, and the borrower is servant to the lender.	
Proverbs 22:8	He that soweth iniquity shall reap vanity: and the rod of his anger shall fail.	
Proverbs 22:9	He that hath a bountiful eye shall be blessed; for he giveth of his bread to the poor.	
Proverbs 23:12	Apply thine heart unto instruction, and thine ears to the words of knowledge.	
Proverbs 23:14	Thou shalt beat him with the rod, and shalt deliver his soul from hell.	
Proverbs 23:17	Let not thine heart envy sinners: but be thou in the fear of the LORD all the day long.	
Proverbs 23:18	For surely there is an end; and thine expectation shall not be cut off.	
Proverbs 23:20	Be not among winebibbers; among riotous eaters of flesh:	
Proverbs 23:23	Buy the truth, and sell it not; also wisdom, and instruction, and understanding.	
Proverbs 23:24	The father of the righteous shall greatly rejoice: and he that begetteth a wise child shall have joy of him.	
Proverbs 23:26	My son, give me thine heart, and let thine eyes observe my ways.	
Proverbs 23:27	For a whore is a deep ditch; and a strange woman is a narrow pit.	
Proverbs 23:28	She also lieth in wait as for a prey, and increaseth the transgressors among men.	
Proverbs 23:8	The morsel which thou hast eaten shalt thou vomit up, and lose thy sweet words.	
Proverbs 24:15	Lay not wait, O wicked man, against the dwelling of the righteous; spoil not his resting place:	
Proverbs 24:18	Lest the LORD see it, and it displease him, and he turn away his wrath from him.	
Proverbs 24:19	Fret not thyself because of evil men, neither be thou envious at the wicked:	
Proverbs 24:21	My son, fear thou the LORD and the king: and meddle not with them that are given to change:	
Proverbs 24:25	But to them that rebuke him shall be delight, and a good blessing shall come upon them.	
Proverbs 24:26	Every man shall kiss his lips that giveth a right answer.	
Proverbs 24:29	Say not, I will do so to him as he hath done to me: I will render to the man according to his work.	
Proverbs 24:30	I went by the field of the slothful, and by the vineyard of the man void of understanding;	
Proverbs 24:34	So shall thy poverty come as one that travelleth; and thy want as an armed man.	
Proverbs 24:5	A wise man is strong; yea, a man of knowledge increaseth strength.	
Proverbs 25:12	As an earring of gold, and an ornament of fine gold, so is a wise reprover upon an obedient ear.	
Proverbs 25:13	As the cold of snow in the time of harvest, so is a faithful messenger to them that send him: for he refresheth the soul of his masters.	
Proverbs 25:20	As he that taketh away a garment in cold weather, and as vinegar upon nitre, so is he that singeth songs to an heavy heart.	
Proverbs 25:21	If thine enemy be hungry, give him bread to eat; and if he be thirsty, give him water to drink:	
Proverbs 25:26	A righteous man falling down before the wicked is as a troubled fountain, and a corrupt spring.	
Proverbs 25:6	Put not forth thyself in the presence of the king, and stand not in the place of great men:	
Proverbs 25:7	For better it is that it be said unto thee, Come up hither; than that thou shouldest be put lower in the presence of the prince whom thine eyes have seen.	
Proverbs 25:9	Debate thy cause with thy neighbour himself; and discover not a secret to another:	
Proverbs 26:1	As snow in summer, and as rain in harvest, so honour is not seemly for a fool.	
Proverbs 26:10	The great God that formed all things both rewardeth the fool, and rewardeth transgressors.	
Proverbs 26:14	As the door turneth upon his hinges, so doth the slothful upon his bed.	
Proverbs 26:15	The slothful hideth his hand in his bosom; it grieveth him to bring it again to his mouth.	
Proverbs 26:19	So is the man that deceiveth his neighbour, and saith, Am not I in sport?	
Proverbs 26:22	The words of a talebearer are as wounds, and they go down into the innermost parts of the belly.	
Proverbs 26:23	Burning lips and a wicked heart are like a potsherd covered with silver dross.	
Proverbs 26:4	Answer not a fool according to his folly, lest thou also be like unto him.	
Proverbs 26:7	The legs of the lame are not equal: so is a parable in the mouth of fools.	
Proverbs 26:9	As a thorn goeth up into the hand of a drunkard, so is a parable in the mouths of fools.	
Proverbs 27:1	Boast not thyself of to morrow; for thou knowest not what a day may bring forth.	
Proverbs 27:14	He that blesseth his friend with a loud voice, rising early in the morning, it shall be counted a curse to him.	
Proverbs 27:15	A continual dropping in a very rainy day and a contentious woman are alike.	
Proverbs 27:17	Iron sharpeneth iron; so a man sharpeneth the countenance of his friend.	
Proverbs 27:19	As in water face answereth to face, so the heart of man to man.	
Proverbs 28:10	Whoso causeth the righteous to go astray in an evil way, he shall fall himself into his own pit: but the upright shall have good things in possession.	
Proverbs 28:13	He that covereth his sins shall not prosper: but whoso confesseth and forsaketh them shall have mercy.	
Proverbs 28:15	As a roaring lion, and a ranging bear; so is a wicked ruler over the poor people.	
Proverbs 28:24	Whoso robbeth his father or his mother, and saith, It is no transgression; the same is the companion of a destroyer.	
Proverbs 28:27	He that giveth unto the poor shall not lack: but he that hideth his eyes shall have many a curse.	
Proverbs 28:4	They that forsake the law praise the wicked: but such as keep the law contend with them.	
Proverbs 28:5	Evil men understand not judgment: but they that seek the LORD understand all things.	
Proverbs 28:6	Better is the poor that walketh in his uprightness, than he that is perverse in his ways, though he be rich.	
Proverbs 28:8	He that by usury and unjust gain increaseth his substance, he shall gather it for him that will pity the poor.	
Proverbs 29:12	If a ruler hearken to lies, all his servants are wicked.	
Proverbs 29:15	The rod and reproof give wisdom: but a child left to himself bringeth his mother to shame.	
Proverbs 29:2	When the righteous are in authority, the people rejoice: but when the wicked beareth rule, the people mourn.	
Proverbs 29:20	Seest thou a man that is hasty in his words? there is more hope of a fool than of him.	
Proverbs 29:24	Whoso is partner with a thief hateth his own soul: he heareth cursing, and bewrayeth it not.	
Proverbs 29:3	Whoso loveth wisdom rejoiceth his father: but he that keepeth company with harlots spendeth his substance.	
Proverbs 2:13	Who leave the paths of uprightness, to walk in the ways of darkness;	
Proverbs 2:17	Which forsaketh the guide of her youth, and forgetteth the covenant of her God.	
Proverbs 2:18	For her house inclineth unto death, and her paths unto the dead.	
Proverbs 2:19	None that go unto her return again, neither take they hold of the paths of life.	
Proverbs 2:5	Then shalt thou understand the fear of the LORD, and find the knowledge of God.	
Proverbs 2:6	For the LORD giveth wisdom: out of his mouth cometh knowledge and understanding.	
Proverbs 30:10	Accuse not a servant unto his master, lest he curse thee, and thou be found guilty.	
Proverbs 30:12	There is a generation that are pure in their own eyes, and yet is not washed from their filthiness.	
Proverbs 30:14	There is a generation, whose teeth are as swords, and their jaw teeth as knives, to devour the poor from off the earth, and the needy from among men.	
Proverbs 30:19	The way of an eagle in the air; the way of a serpent upon a rock; the way of a ship in the midst of the sea; and the way of a man with a maid.	
Proverbs 30:20	Such is the way of an adulterous woman; she eateth, and wipeth her mouth, and saith, I have done no wickedness.	
Proverbs 30:24	There be four things which are little upon the earth, but they are exceeding wise:	
Proverbs 30:26	The conies are but a feeble folk, yet make they their houses in the rocks;	
Proverbs 30:29	There be three things which go well, yea, four are comely in going:	
Proverbs 30:3	I neither learned wisdom, nor have the knowledge of the holy.	
Proverbs 30:5	Every word of God is pure: he is a shield unto them that put their trust in him.	
Proverbs 31:10	Who can find a virtuous woman? for her price is far above rubies.	
Proverbs 31:11	The heart of her husband doth safely trust in her, so that he shall have no need of spoil.	
Proverbs 31:12	She will do him good and not evil all the days of her life.	
Proverbs 31:15	She riseth also while it is yet night, and giveth meat to her household, and a portion to her maidens.	
Proverbs 31:19	She layeth her hands to the spindle, and her hands hold the distaff.	
Proverbs 31:21	She is not afraid of the snow for her household: for all her household are clothed with scarlet.	
Proverbs 31:22	She maketh herself coverings of tapestry; her clothing is silk and purple.	
Proverbs 31:24	She maketh fine linen, and selleth it; and delivereth girdles unto the merchant.	
Proverbs 31:29	Many daughters have done virtuously, but thou excellest them all.	
Proverbs 31:7	Let him drink, and forget his poverty, and remember his misery no more.	
Proverbs 31:9	Open thy mouth, judge righteously, and plead the cause of the poor and needy.	
Proverbs 3:1	My son, forget not my law; but let thine heart keep my commandments:	
Proverbs 3:10	So shall thy barns be filled with plenty, and thy presses shall burst out with new wine.	
Proverbs 3:12	For whom the LORD loveth he correcteth; even as a father the son in whom he delighteth.	
Proverbs 3:13	Happy is the man that findeth wisdom, and the man that getteth understanding.	
Proverbs 3:2	For length of days, and long life, and peace, shall they add to thee.	
Proverbs 3:21	My son, let not them depart from thine eyes: keep sound wisdom and discretion:	
Proverbs 3:24	When thou liest down, thou shalt not be afraid: yea, thou shalt lie down, and thy sleep shall be sweet.	
Proverbs 3:25	Be not afraid of sudden fear, neither of the desolation of the wicked, when it cometh.	
Proverbs 3:33	The curse of the LORD is in the house of the wicked: but he blesseth the habitation of the just.	
Proverbs 3:6	In all thy ways acknowledge him, and he shall direct thy paths.	
Proverbs 4:1	Hear, ye children, the instruction of a father, and attend to know understanding.	
Proverbs 4:17	For they eat the bread of wickedness, and drink the wine of violence.	
Proverbs 4:4	He taught me also, and said unto me, Let thine heart retain my words: keep my commandments, and live.	
Proverbs 4:7	Wisdom is the principal thing; therefore get wisdom: and with all thy getting get understanding.	
Proverbs 4:8	Exalt her, and she shall promote thee: she shall bring thee to honour, when thou dost embrace her.	
Proverbs 5:11	And thou mourn at the last, when thy flesh and thy body are consumed,	
Proverbs 5:13	And have not obeyed the voice of my teachers, nor inclined mine ear to them that instructed me!	
Proverbs 5:20	And why wilt thou, my son, be ravished with a strange woman, and embrace the bosom of a stranger?	
Proverbs 5:4	But her end is bitter as wormwood, sharp as a two-edged sword.	
Proverbs 5:7	Hear me now therefore, O ye children, and depart not from the words of my mouth.	
Proverbs 6:11	So shall thy poverty come as one that travelleth, and thy want as an armed man.	
Proverbs 6:12	A naughty person, a wicked man, walketh with a froward mouth.	
Proverbs 6:20	My son, keep thy father's commandment, and forsake not the law of thy mother:	
Proverbs 6:21	Bind them continually upon thine heart, and tie them about thy neck.	
Proverbs 6:23	For the commandment is a lamp; and the law is light; and reproofs of instruction are the way of life:	
Proverbs 6:30	Men do not despise a thief, if he steal to satisfy his soul when he is hungry;	
Proverbs 6:32	But whoso committeth adultery with a woman lacketh understanding: he that doeth it destroyeth his own soul.	
Proverbs 6:33	A wound and dishonour shall he get; and his reproach shall not be wiped away.	
Proverbs 6:34	For jealousy is the rage of a man: therefore he will not spare in the day of vengeance.	
Proverbs 6:35	He will not regard any ransom; neither will he rest content, though thou givest many gifts.	
Proverbs 6:5	Deliver thyself as a roe from the hand of the hunter, and as a bird from the hand of the fowler.	
Proverbs 7:1	My son, keep my words, and lay up my commandments with thee.	
Proverbs 7:14	I have peace offerings with me; this day have I payed my vows.	
Proverbs 7:18	Come, let us take our fill of love until the morning: let us solace ourselves with loves.	
Proverbs 7:20	He hath taken a bag of money with him, and will come home at the day appointed.	
Proverbs 7:23	Till a dart strike through his liver; as a bird hasteth to the snare, and knoweth not that it is for his life.	
Proverbs 7:7	And beheld among the simple ones, I discerned among the youths, a young man void of understanding,	
Proverbs 8:12	I wisdom dwell with prudence, and find out knowledge of witty inventions.	
Proverbs 8:14	Counsel is mine, and sound wisdom: I am understanding; I have strength.	
Proverbs 8:16	By me princes rule, and nobles, even all the judges of the earth.	
Proverbs 8:18	Riches and honour are with me; yea, durable riches and righteousness.	
Proverbs 8:19	My fruit is better than gold, yea, than fine gold; and my revenue than choice silver.	
Proverbs 8:2	She standeth in the top of high places, by the way in the places of the paths.	
Proverbs 8:20	I lead in the way of righteousness, in the midst of the paths of judgment:	
Proverbs 8:24	When there were no depths, I was brought forth; when there were no fountains abounding with water.	
Proverbs 8:26	While as yet he had not made the earth, nor the fields, nor the highest part of the dust of the world.	
Proverbs 8:3	She crieth at the gates, at the entry of the city, at the coming in at the doors.	
Proverbs 8:32	Now therefore hearken unto me, O ye children: for blessed are they that keep my ways.	
Proverbs 8:5	O ye simple, understand wisdom: and, ye fools, be ye of an understanding heart.	
Proverbs 8:8	All the words of my mouth are in righteousness; there is nothing froward or perverse in them.	
Proverbs 9:1	Wisdom hath builded her house, she hath hewn out her seven pillars:	
Proverbs 9:10	The fear of the LORD is the beginning of wisdom: and the knowledge of the holy is understanding.	
Proverbs 9:11	For by me thy days shall be multiplied, and the years of thy life shall be increased.	
Proverbs 9:12	If thou be wise, thou shalt be wise for thyself: but if thou scornest, thou alone shalt bear it.	
Proverbs 9:14	For she sitteth at the door of her house, on a seat in the high places of the city,	
Proverbs 9:15	To call passengers who go right on their ways:	
Proverbs 9:18	But he knoweth not that the dead are there; and that her guests are in the depths of hell.	
Proverbs 9:6	Forsake the foolish, and live; and go in the way of understanding.	
Psalms 100:1	Make a joyful noise unto the LORD, all ye lands.	
Psalms 102:1	Hear my prayer, O LORD, and let my cry come unto thee.	
Psalms 102:10	Because of thine indignation and thy wrath: for thou hast lifted me up, and cast me down.	
Psalms 102:12	But thou, O LORD, shall endure for ever; and thy remembrance unto all generations.	
Psalms 102:15	So the heathen shall fear the name of the LORD, and all the kings of the earth thy glory.	
Psalms 102:24	I said, O my God, take me not away in the midst of my days: thy years are throughout all generations.	
Psalms 102:27	But thou art the same, and thy years shall have no end.	
Psalms 102:3	For my days are consumed like smoke, and my bones are burned as an hearth.	
Psalms 102:7	I watch, and am as a sparrow alone upon the house top.	
Psalms 103:18	To such as keep his covenant, and to those that remember his commandments to do them.	
Psalms 103:2	Bless the LORD, O my soul, and forget not all his benefits:	
Psalms 103:21	Bless ye the LORD, all ye his hosts; ye ministers of his, that do his pleasure.	
Psalms 103:5	Who satisfieth thy mouth with good things; so that thy youth is renewed like the eagle's.	
Psalms 103:7	He made known his ways unto Moses, his acts unto the children of Israel.	
Psalms 103:8	The LORD is merciful and gracious, slow to anger, and plenteous in mercy.	
Psalms 104:14	He causeth the grass to grow for the cattle, and herb for the service of man: that he may bring forth food out of the earth;	
Psalms 104:16	The trees of the LORD are full of sap; the cedars of Lebanon, which he hath planted;	
Psalms 104:22	The sun ariseth, they gather themselves together, and lay them down in their dens.	
Psalms 104:23	Man goeth forth unto his work and to his labour until the evening.	
Psalms 104:24	O LORD, how manifold are thy works! in wisdom hast thou made them all: the earth is full of thy riches.	
Psalms 104:28	That thou givest them they gather: thou openest thine hand, they are filled with good.	
Psalms 104:30	Thou sendest forth thy spirit, they are created: and thou renewest the face of the earth.	
Psalms 104:4	Who maketh his angels spirits; his ministers a flaming fire:	
Psalms 104:5	Who laid the foundations of the earth, that it should not be removed for ever.	
Psalms 104:6	Thou coveredst it with the deep as with a garment: the waters stood above the mountains.	
Psalms 104:7	At thy rebuke they fled; at the voice of thy thunder they hasted away.	
Psalms 105:16	Moreover he called for a famine upon the land: he brake the whole staff of bread.	
Psalms 105:19	Until the time that his word came: the word of the LORD tried him.	
Psalms 105:24	And he increased his people greatly; and made them stronger than their enemies.	
Psalms 105:25	He turned their heart to hate his people, to deal subtilly with his servants.	
Psalms 105:34	He spake, and the locusts came, and caterpillers, and that without number,	
Psalms 105:35	And did eat up all the herbs in their land, and devoured the fruit of their ground.	
Psalms 105:44	And gave them the lands of the heathen: and they inherited the labour of the people;	
Psalms 105:45	That they might observe his statutes, and keep his laws. Praise ye the LORD.	
Psalms 105:8	He hath remembered his covenant for ever, the word which he commanded to a thousand generations.	
Psalms 105:9	Which covenant he made with Abraham, and his oath unto Isaac;	
Psalms 106:10	And he saved them from the hand of him that hated them, and redeemed them from the hand of the enemy.	
Psalms 106:11	And the waters covered their enemies: there was not one of them left.	
Psalms 106:13	They soon forgat his works; they waited not for his counsel:	
Psalms 106:17	The earth opened and swallowed up Dathan and covered the company of Abiram.	
Psalms 106:19	They made a calf in Horeb, and worshipped the molten image.	
Psalms 106:20	Thus they changed their glory into the similitude of an ox that eateth grass.	
Psalms 106:21	They forgat God their saviour, which had done great things in Egypt;	
Psalms 106:22	Wondrous works in the land of Ham, and terrible things by the Red sea.	
Psalms 106:23	Therefore he said that he would destroy them, had not Moses his chosen stood before him in the breach, to turn away his wrath, lest he should destroy them.	
Psalms 106:28	They joined themselves also unto Baalpeor, and ate the sacrifices of the dead.	
Psalms 106:29	Thus they provoked him to anger with their inventions: and the plague brake in upon them.	
Psalms 106:32	They angered him also at the waters of strife, so that it went ill with Moses for their sakes:	
Psalms 106:37	Yea, they sacrificed their sons and their daughters unto devils,	
Psalms 106:38	And shed innocent blood, even the blood of their sons and of their daughters, whom they sacrificed unto the idols of Canaan: and the land was polluted with blood.	
Psalms 106:42	Their enemies also oppressed them, and they were brought into subjection under their hand.	
Psalms 106:45	And he remembered for them his covenant, and repented according to the multitude of his mercies.	
Psalms 106:7	Our fathers understood not thy wonders in Egypt; they remembered not the multitude of thy mercies; but provoked him at the sea, even at the Red sea.	
Psalms 106:9	He rebuked the Red sea also, and it was dried up: so he led them through the depths, as through the wilderness.	
Psalms 107:13	Then they cried unto the LORD in their trouble, and he saved them out of their distresses.	
Psalms 107:16	For he hath broken the gates of brass, and cut the bars of iron in sunder.	
Psalms 107:20	He sent his word, and healed them, and delivered them from their destructions.	
Psalms 107:22	And let them sacrifice the sacrifices of thanksgiving, and declare his works with rejoicing.	
Psalms 107:24	These see the works of the LORD, and his wonders in the deep.	
Psalms 107:31	Oh that men would praise the LORD for his goodness, and for his wonderful works to the children of men!	
Psalms 107:40	He poureth contempt upon princes, and causeth them to wander in the wilderness, where there is no way.	
Psalms 107:5	Hungry and thirsty, their soul fainted in them.	
Psalms 107:7	And he led them forth by the right way, that they might go to a city of habitation.	
Psalms 107:8	Oh that men would praise the LORD for his goodness, and for his wonderful works to the children of men!	
Psalms 107:9	For he satisfieth the longing soul, and filleth the hungry soul with goodness.	
Psalms 108:1	O god, my heart is fixed; I will sing and give praise, even with my glory.	
Psalms 108:13	Through God we shall do valiantly: for he it is that shall tread down our enemies.	
Psalms 108:7	God hath spoken in his holiness; I will rejoice, I will divide Shechem, and mete out the valley of Succoth.	
Psalms 108:8	Gilead is mine; Manasseh is mine; Ephraim also is the strength of mine head; Judah is my lawgiver;	
Psalms 109:1	Hold not thy peace, O God of my praise;	
Psalms 109:12	Let there be none to extend mercy unto him: neither let there be any to favour his fatherless children.	
Psalms 109:16	Because that he remembered not to shew mercy, but persecuted the poor and needy man, that he might even slay the broken in heart.	
Psalms 109:21	But do thou for me, O GOD the Lord, for thy name's sake: because thy mercy is good, deliver thou me.	
Psalms 109:24	My knees are weak through fasting; and my flesh faileth of fatness.	
Psalms 109:26	Help me, O LORD my God: O save me according to thy mercy:	
Psalms 109:6	Set thou a wicked man over him: and let Satan stand at his right hand.	
Psalms 109:7	When he shall be judged, let him be condemned: and let his prayer become sin.	
Psalms 10:12	Arise, O LORD; O God, lift up thine hand: forget not the humble.	
Psalms 10:16	The LORD is King for ever and ever: the heathen are perished out of his land.	
Psalms 10:17	LORD, thou hast heard the desire of the humble: thou wilt prepare their heart, thou wilt cause thine ear to hear:	
Psalms 10:2	The wicked in his pride doth persecute the poor: let them be taken in the devices that they have imagined.	
Psalms 10:8	He sitteth in the lurking places of the villages: in the secret places doth he murder the innocent: his eyes are privily set against the poor.	
Psalms 111:10	The fear of the LORD is the beginning of wisdom: a good understanding have all they that do his commandments: his praise endureth for ever.	
Psalms 111:2	The works of the LORD are great, sought out of all them that have pleasure therein.	
Psalms 111:3	His work is honourable and glorious: and his righteousness endureth for ever.	
Psalms 111:5	He hath given meat unto them that fear him: he will ever be mindful of his covenant.	
Psalms 111:7	The works of his hands are verity and judgment; all his commandments are sure.	
Psalms 111:9	He sent redemption unto his people: he hath commanded his covenant for ever: holy and reverend is his name.	
Psalms 112:7	He shall not be afraid of evil tidings: his heart is fixed, trusting in the LORD.	
Psalms 113:4	The LORD is high above all nations, and his glory above the heavens.	
Psalms 113:5	Who is like unto the LORD our God, who dwelleth on high,	
Psalms 113:8	That he may set him with princes, even with the princes of his people.	
Psalms 114:2	Judah was his sanctuary, and Israel his dominion.	
Psalms 115:11	Ye that fear the LORD, trust in the LORD: he is their help and their shield.	
Psalms 115:18	But we will bless the LORD from this time forth and for evermore. Praise the LORD.	
Psalms 116:13	I will take the cup of salvation, and call upon the name of the LORD.	
Psalms 118:13	Thou hast thrust sore at me that I might fall: but the LORD helped me.	
Psalms 118:15	The voice of rejoicing and salvation is in the tabernacles of the righteous: the right hand of the LORD doeth valiantly.	
Psalms 118:2	Let Israel now say, that his mercy endureth for ever.	
Psalms 118:21	I will praise thee: for thou hast heard me, and art become my salvation.	
Psalms 118:25	Save now, I beseech thee, O LORD: O LORD, I beseech thee, send now prosperity.	
Psalms 118:28	Thou art my God, and I will praise thee: thou art my God, I will exalt thee.	
Psalms 118:29	O give thanks unto the LORD; for he is good: for his mercy endureth for ever.	
Psalms 118:6	The LORD is on my side; I will not fear: what can man do unto me?	
Psalms 119:10	With my whole heart have I sought thee: O let me not wander from thy commandments.	
Psalms 119:101	I have refrained my feet from every evil way, that I might keep thy word.	
Psalms 119:104	Through thy precepts I get understanding: therefore I hate every false way.	
Psalms 119:106	I have sworn, and I will perform it, that I will keep thy righteous judgments.	
Psalms 119:109	My soul is continually in my hand: yet do I not forget thy law.	
Psalms 119:11	Thy word have I hid in mine heart, that I might not sin against thee.	
Psalms 119:111	Thy testimonies have I taken as an heritage for ever: for they are the rejoicing of my heart.	
Psalms 119:113	I hate vain thoughts: but thy law do I love.	
Psalms 119:116	Uphold me according unto thy word, that I may live: and let me not be ashamed of my hope.	
Psalms 119:122	Be surety for thy servant for good: let not the proud oppress me.	
Psalms 119:124	Deal with thy servant according unto thy mercy, and teach me thy statutes.	
Psalms 119:129	Thy testimonies are wonderful: therefore doth my soul keep them.	
Psalms 119:137	Righteous art thou, O LORD, and upright are thy judgments.	
Psalms 119:144	The righteousness of thy testimonies is everlasting: give me understanding, and I shall live.	
Psalms 119:145	I cried with my whole heart; hear me, O LORD: I will keep thy statutes.	
Psalms 119:148	Mine eyes prevent the night watches, that I might meditate in thy word.	
Psalms 119:15	I will meditate in thy precepts, and have respect unto thy ways.	
Psalms 119:16	I will delight myself in thy statutes: I will not forget thy word.	
Psalms 119:162	I rejoice at thy word, as one that findeth great spoil.	
Psalms 119:164	Seven times a day do I praise thee because of thy righteous judgments.	
Psalms 119:166	LORD, I have hoped for thy salvation, and done thy commandments.	
Psalms 119:168	I have kept thy precepts and thy testimonies: for all my ways are before thee.	
Psalms 119:172	My tongue shall speak of thy word: for all thy commandments are righteousness.	
Psalms 119:2	Blessed are they that keep his testimonies, and that seek him with the whole heart.	
Psalms 119:30	I have chosen the way of truth: thy judgments have I laid before me.	
Psalms 119:37	Turn away mine eyes from beholding vanity; and quicken thou me in thy way.	
Psalms 119:43	And take not the word of truth utterly out of my mouth; for I have hoped in thy judgments.	
Psalms 119:47	And I will delight myself in thy commandments, which I have loved.	
Psalms 119:49	Remember the word unto thy servant, upon which thou hast caused me to hope.	
Psalms 119:6	Then shall I not be ashamed, when I have respect unto all thy commandments.	
Psalms 119:67	Before I was afflicted I went astray: but now have I kept thy word.	
Psalms 119:69	The proud have forged a lie against me: but I will keep thy precepts with my whole heart.	
Psalms 119:72	The law of thy mouth is better unto me than thousands of gold and silver.	
Psalms 119:76	Let, I pray thee, thy merciful kindness be for my comfort, according to thy word unto thy servant.	
Psalms 119:77	Let thy tender mercies come unto me, that I may live: for thy law is my delight.	
Psalms 119:83	For I am become like a bottle in the smoke; yet do I not forget thy statutes.	
Psalms 119:85	The proud have digged pits for me, which are not after thy law.	
Psalms 119:87	They had almost consumed me upon earth; but I forsook not thy precepts.	
Psalms 11:2	For, lo, the wicked bend their bow, they make ready their arrow upon the string, that they may privily shoot at the upright in heart.	
Psalms 11:4	The LORD is in his holy temple, the LORD's throne is in heaven: his eyes behold, his eyelids try, the children of men.	
Psalms 120:3	What shall be given unto thee? or what shall be done unto thee, thou false tongue?	
Psalms 120:4	Sharp arrows of the mighty, with coals of juniper.	
Psalms 121:2	My help cometh from the LORD, which made heaven and earth.	
Psalms 121:4	Behold, he that keepeth Israel shall neither slumber nor sleep.	
Psalms 122:3	Jerusalem is builded as a city that is compact together:	
Psalms 123:1	Unto thee lift I up mine eyes, O thou that dwellest in the heavens.	
Psalms 123:2	Behold, as the eyes of servants look unto the hand of their masters, and as the eyes of a maiden unto the hand of her mistress; so our eyes wait upon the LORD our God, until that he have mercy upon us.	
Psalms 124:2	If it had not been the LORD who was on our side, when men rose up against us:	
Psalms 124:3	Then they had swallowed us up quick, when their wrath was kindled against us:	
Psalms 124:5	Then the proud waters had gone over our soul.	
Psalms 125:1	They that trust in the LORD shall be as mount Zion, which cannot be removed, but abideth for ever.	
Psalms 125:2	As the mountains are round about Jerusalem, so the LORD is round about his people from henceforth even for ever.	
Psalms 126:1	When the LORD turned again the captivity of Zion, we were like them that dream.	
Psalms 126:3	The LORD hath done great things for us; whereof we are glad.	
Psalms 126:5	They that sow in tears shall reap in joy.	
Psalms 129:1	Many a time have they afflicted me from my youth, may Israel now say:	
Psalms 12:5	For the oppression of the poor, for the sighing of the needy, now will I arise, saith the LORD; I will set him in safety from him that puffeth at him.	
Psalms 130:7	Let Israel hope in the LORD: for with the LORD there is mercy, and with him is plenteous redemption.	
Psalms 131:1	Lord, my heart is not haughty, nor mine eyes lofty: neither do I exercise myself in great matters, or in things too high for me.	
Psalms 131:2	Surely I have behaved and quieted myself, as a child that is weaned of his mother: my soul is even as a weaned child.	
Psalms 132:16	I will also clothe her priests with salvation: and her saints shall shout aloud for joy.	
Psalms 132:8	Arise, O LORD, into thy rest; thou, and the ark of thy strength.	
Psalms 133:2	It is like the precious ointment upon the head, that ran down upon the beard, even Aaron's beard: that went down to the skirts of his garments;	
Psalms 134:2	Lift up your hands in the sanctuary, and bless the LORD.	
Psalms 135:12	And gave their land for an heritage, an heritage unto Israel his people.	
Psalms 135:13	Thy name, O LORD, endureth for ever; and thy memorial, O LORD, throughout all generations.	
Psalms 135:14	For the LORD will judge his people, and he will repent himself concerning his servants.	
Psalms 135:21	Blessed be the LORD out of Zion, which dwelleth at Jerusalem. Praise ye the LORD.	
Psalms 135:8	Who smote the firstborn of Egypt, both of man and beast.	
Psalms 136:1	O give thanks unto the LORD; for he is good: for his mercy endureth for ever.	
Psalms 136:13	To him which divided the Red sea into parts: for his mercy endureth for ever:	
Psalms 136:14	And made Israel to pass through the midst of it: for his mercy endureth for ever:	
Psalms 136:18	And slew famous kings: for his mercy endureth for ever:	
Psalms 136:19	Sihon king of the Amorites: for his mercy endureth for ever:	
Psalms 136:2	O give thanks unto the God of gods: for his mercy endureth for ever.	
Psalms 136:25	Who giveth food to all flesh: for his mercy endureth for ever.	
Psalms 136:26	O give thanks unto the God of heaven: for his mercy endureth for ever.	
Psalms 138:2	I will worship toward thy holy temple, and praise thy name for thy lovingkindness and for thy truth: for thou hast magnified thy word above all thy name.	
Psalms 138:3	In the day when I cried thou answeredst me, and strengthenedst me with strength in my soul.	
Psalms 138:4	All the kings of the earth shall praise thee, O LORD, when they hear the words of thy mouth.	
Psalms 138:8	The LORD will perfect that which concerneth me: thy mercy, O LORD, endureth for ever: forsake not the works of thine own hands.	
Psalms 139:1	O lord, thou hast searched me, and known me.	
Psalms 139:12	Yea, the darkness hideth not from thee; but the night shineth as the day: the darkness and the light are both alike to thee.	
Psalms 139:13	For thou hast possessed my reins: thou hast covered me in my mother's womb.	
Psalms 139:16	Thine eyes did see my substance, yet being unperfect; and in thy book all my members were written, which in continuance were fashioned, when as yet there was none of them.	
Psalms 139:2	Thou knowest my downsitting and mine uprising, thou understandest my thought afar off.	
Psalms 139:3	Thou compassest my path and my lying down, and art acquainted with all my ways.	
Psalms 139:5	Thou hast beset me behind and before, and laid thine hand upon me.	
Psalms 139:7	Whither shall I go from thy spirit? or whither shall I flee from thy presence?	
Psalms 140:1	Deliver me, O LORD, from the evil man: preserve me from the violent man;	
Psalms 140:13	Surely the righteous shall give thanks unto thy name: the upright shall dwell in thy presence.	
Psalms 140:8	Grant not, O LORD, the desires of the wicked: further not his wicked device; lest they exalt themselves. Selah.	
Psalms 141:6	When their judges are overthrown in stony places, they shall hear my words; for they are sweet.	
Psalms 141:8	But mine eyes are unto thee, O GOD the Lord: in thee is my trust; leave not my soul destitute.	
Psalms 142:2	I poured out my complaint before him; I shewed before him my trouble.	
Psalms 142:6	Attend unto my cry; for I am brought very low: deliver me from my persecutors; for they are stronger than I.	
Psalms 143:4	Therefore is my spirit overwhelmed within me; my heart within me is desolate.	
Psalms 143:6	I stretch forth my hands unto thee: my soul thirsteth after thee, as a thirsty land. Selah.	
Psalms 144:14	That our oxen may be strong to labour; that there be no breaking in, nor going out; that there be no complaining in our streets.	
Psalms 144:7	Send thine hand from above; rid me, and deliver me out of great waters, from the hand of strange children;	
Psalms 145:10	All thy works shall praise thee, O LORD; and thy saints shall bless thee.	
Psalms 145:12	To make known to the sons of men his mighty acts, and the glorious majesty of his kingdom.	
Psalms 145:15	The eyes of all wait upon thee; and thou givest them their meat in due season.	
Psalms 145:17	The LORD is righteous in all his ways, and holy in all his works.	
Psalms 145:20	The LORD preserveth all them that love him: but all the wicked will he destroy.	
Psalms 145:21	My mouth shall speak the praise of the LORD: and let all flesh bless his holy name for ever and ever.	
Psalms 145:6	And men shall speak of the might of thy terrible acts: and I will declare thy greatness.	
Psalms 145:7	They shall abundantly utter the memory of thy great goodness, and shall sing of thy righteousness.	
Psalms 145:8	The LORD is gracious, and full of compassion; slow to anger, and of great mercy.	
Psalms 146:5	Happy is he that hath the God of Jacob for his help, whose hope is in the LORD his God:	
Psalms 146:8	The LORD openeth the eyes of the blind: the LORD raiseth them that are bowed down: the LORD loveth the righteous:	
Psalms 147:1	Praise ye the LORD: for it is good to sing praises unto our God; for it is pleasant; and praise is comely.	
Psalms 147:12	Praise the LORD, O Jerusalem; praise thy God, O Zion.	
Psalms 147:17	He casteth forth his ice like morsels: who can stand before his cold?	
Psalms 147:2	The LORD doth build up Jerusalem: he gathereth together the outcasts of Israel.	
Psalms 147:20	He hath not dealt so with any nation: and as for his judgments, they have not known them. Praise ye the LORD.	
Psalms 147:7	Sing unto the LORD with thanksgiving; sing praise upon the harp unto our God:	
Psalms 148:1	Praise ye the LORD. Praise ye the LORD from the heavens: praise him in the heights.	
Psalms 148:11	Kings of the earth, and all people; princes, and all judges of the earth:	
Psalms 148:14	He also exalteth the horn of his people, the praise of all his saints; even of the children of Israel, a people near unto him. Praise ye the LORD.	
Psalms 148:3	Praise ye him, sun and moon: praise him, all ye stars of light.	
Psalms 148:4	Praise him, ye heavens of heavens, and ye waters that be above the heavens.	
Psalms 148:9	Mountains, and all hills; fruitful trees, and all cedars:	
Psalms 149:2	Let Israel rejoice in him that made him: let the children of Zion be joyful in their King.	
Psalms 149:4	For the LORD taketh pleasure in his people: he will beautify the meek with salvation.	
Psalms 149:6	Let the high praises of God be in their mouth, and a two-edged sword in their hand;	
Psalms 149:7	To execute vengeance upon the heathen, and punishments upon the people;	
Psalms 14:4	Have all the workers of iniquity no knowledge? who eat up my people as they eat bread, and call not upon the LORD.	
Psalms 15:1	Lord, who shall abide in thy tabernacle? who shall dwell in thy holy hill?	
Psalms 16:11	Thou wilt shew me the path of life: in thy presence is fulness of joy; at thy right hand there are pleasures for evermore.	
Psalms 16:7	I will bless the LORD, who hath given me counsel: my reins also instruct me in the night seasons.	
Psalms 16:8	I have set the LORD always before me: because he is at my right hand, I shall not be moved.	
Psalms 17:14	From men which are thy hand, O LORD, from men of the world, which have their portion in this life, and whose belly thou fillest with thy hid treasure: they are full of children, and leave the rest of their substance to their babes.	
Psalms 17:4	Concerning the works of men, by the word of thy lips I have kept me from the paths of the destroyer.	
Psalms 17:6	I have called upon thee, for thou wilt hear me, O God: incline thine ear unto me, and hear my speech.	
Psalms 18:11	He made darkness his secret place; his pavilion round about him were dark waters and thick clouds of the skies.	
Psalms 18:12	At the brightness that was before him his thick clouds passed, hail stones and coals of fire.	
Psalms 18:13	The LORD also thundered in the heavens, and the Highest gave his voice; hail stones and coals of fire.	
Psalms 18:15	Then the channels of waters were seen, and the foundations of the world were discovered at thy rebuke, O LORD, at the blast of the breath of thy nostrils.	
Psalms 18:16	He sent from above, he took me, he drew me out of many waters.	
Psalms 18:17	He delivered me from my strong enemy, and from them which hated me: for they were too strong for me.	
Psalms 18:18	They prevented me in the day of my calamity: but the LORD was my stay.	
Psalms 18:2	The LORD is my rock, and my fortress, and my deliverer; my God, my strength, in whom I will trust; my buckler, and the horn of my salvation, and my high tower.	
Psalms 18:24	Therefore hath the LORD recompensed me according to my righteousness, according to the cleanness of my hands in his eyesight.	
Psalms 18:26	With the pure thou wilt shew thyself pure; and with the froward thou wilt shew thyself froward.	
Psalms 18:31	For who is God save the LORD? or who is a rock save our God?	
Psalms 18:37	I have pursued mine enemies, and overtaken them: neither did I turn again till they were consumed.	
Psalms 18:4	The sorrows of death compassed me, and the floods of ungodly men made me afraid.	
Psalms 18:43	Thou hast delivered me from the strivings of the people; and thou hast made me the head of the heathen: a people whom I have not known shall serve me.	
Psalms 18:5	The sorrows of hell compassed me about: the snares of death prevented me.	
Psalms 19:11	Moreover by them is thy servant warned: and in keeping of them there is great reward.	
Psalms 19:12	Who can understand his errors? cleanse thou me from secret faults.	
Psalms 19:13	Keep back thy servant also from presumptuous sins; let them not have dominion over me: then shall I be upright, and I shall be innocent from the great transgression.	
Psalms 19:3	There is no speech nor language, where their voice is not heard.	
Psalms 1:5	Therefore the ungodly shall not stand in the judgment, nor sinners in the congregation of the righteous.	
Psalms 20:2	Send thee help from the sanctuary, and strengthen thee out of Zion;	
Psalms 20:4	Grant thee according to thine own heart, and fulfil all thy counsel.	
Psalms 20:6	Now know I that the LORD saveth his anointed; he will hear him from his holy heaven with the saving strength of his right hand.	
Psalms 21:1	The king shall joy in thy strength, O LORD; and in thy salvation how greatly shall he rejoice!	
Psalms 21:4	He asked life of thee, and thou gavest it him, even length of days for ever and ever.	
Psalms 21:8	Thine hand shall find out all thine enemies: thy right hand shall find out those that hate thee.	
Psalms 21:9	Thou shalt make them as a fiery oven in the time of thine anger: the LORD shall swallow them up in his wrath, and the fire shall devour them.	
Psalms 22:14	I am poured out like water, and all my bones are out of joint: my heart is like wax; it is melted in the midst of my bowels.	
Psalms 22:21	Save me from the lion's mouth: for thou hast heard me from the horns of the unicorns.	
Psalms 22:22	I will declare thy name unto my brethren: in the midst of the congregation will I praise thee.	
Psalms 22:28	For the kingdom is the LORD's: and he is the governor among the nations.	
Psalms 22:3	But thou art holy, O thou that inhabitest the praises of Israel.	
Psalms 23:5	Thou preparest a table before me in the presence of mine enemies: thou anointest my head with oil; my cup runneth over.	
Psalms 24:10	Who is this King of glory? The LORD of hosts, he is the King of glory. Selah.	
Psalms 24:3	Who shall ascend into the hill of the LORD? or who shall stand in his holy place?	
Psalms 24:8	Who is this King of glory? The LORD strong and mighty, the LORD mighty in battle.	
Psalms 24:9	Lift up your heads, O ye gates; even lift them up, ye everlasting doors; and the King of glory shall come in.	
Psalms 25:11	For thy name's sake, O LORD, pardon mine iniquity; for it is great.	
Psalms 25:16	Turn thee unto me, and have mercy upon me; for I am desolate and afflicted.	
Psalms 25:19	Consider mine enemies; for they are many; and they hate me with cruel hatred.	
Psalms 25:8	Good and upright is the LORD: therefore will he teach sinners in the way.	
Psalms 26:10	In whose hands is mischief, and their right hand is full of bribes.	
Psalms 27:14	Wait on the LORD: be of good courage, and he shall strengthen thine heart: wait, I say, on the LORD.	
Psalms 27:6	And now shall mine head be lifted up above mine enemies round about me: therefore will I offer in his tabernacle sacrifices of joy; I will sing, yea, I will sing praises unto the LORD.	
Psalms 27:7	Hear, O LORD, when I cry with my voice: have mercy also upon me, and answer me.	
Psalms 28:6	Blessed be the LORD, because he hath heard the voice of my supplications.	
Psalms 28:9	Save thy people, and bless thine inheritance: feed them also, and lift them up for ever.	
Psalms 29:7	The voice of the LORD divideth the flames of fire.	
Psalms 29:8	The voice of the LORD shaketh the wilderness; the LORD shaketh the wilderness of Kadesh.	
Psalms 2:11	Serve the LORD with fear, and rejoice with trembling.	
Psalms 30:10	Hear, O LORD, and have mercy upon me: LORD, be thou my helper.	
Psalms 30:11	Thou hast turned for me my mourning into dancing: thou hast put off my sackcloth, and girded me with gladness;	
Psalms 30:2	O LORD my God, I cried unto thee, and thou hast healed me.	
Psalms 30:3	O LORD, thou hast brought up my soul from the grave: thou hast kept me alive, that I should not go down to the pit.	
Psalms 30:6	And in my prosperity I said, I shall never be moved.	
Psalms 31:1	In thee, O LORD, do I put my trust; let me never be ashamed: deliver me in thy righteousness.	
Psalms 31:20	Thou shalt hide them in the secret of thy presence from the pride of man: thou shalt keep them secretly in a pavilion from the strife of tongues.	
Psalms 31:7	I will be glad and rejoice in thy mercy: for thou hast considered my trouble; thou hast known my soul in adversities;	
Psalms 32:8	I will instruct thee and teach thee in the way which thou shalt go: I will guide thee with mine eye.	
Psalms 33:1	Rejoice in the LORD, O ye righteous: for praise is comely for the upright.	
Psalms 33:10	The LORD bringeth the counsel of the heathen to nought: he maketh the devices of the people of none effect.	
Psalms 33:5	He loveth righteousness and judgment: the earth is full of the goodness of the LORD.	
Psalms 33:6	By the word of the LORD were the heavens made; and all the host of them by the breath of his mouth.	
Psalms 34:1	I will bless the LORD at all times: his praise shall continually be in my mouth.	
Psalms 34:10	The young lions do lack, and suffer hunger: but they that seek the LORD shall not want any good thing.	
Psalms 34:11	Come, ye children, hearken unto me: I will teach you the fear of the LORD.	
Psalms 34:12	What man is he that desireth life, and loveth many days, that he may see good?	
Psalms 34:20	He keepeth all his bones: not one of them is broken.	
Psalms 34:7	The angel of the LORD encampeth round about them that fear him, and delivereth them.	
Psalms 34:9	O fear the LORD, ye his saints: for there is no want to them that fear him.	
Psalms 35:15	But in mine adversity they rejoiced, and gathered themselves together: yea, the abjects gathered themselves together against me, and I knew it not; they did tear me, and ceased not:	
Psalms 35:16	With hypocritical mockers in feasts, they gnashed upon me with their teeth.	
Psalms 35:20	For they speak not peace: but they devise deceitful matters against them that are quiet in the land.	
Psalms 35:28	And my tongue shall speak of thy righteousness and of thy praise all the day long.	
Psalms 35:7	For without cause have they hid for me their net in a pit, which without cause they have digged for my soul.	
Psalms 36:10	O continue thy lovingkindness unto them that know thee; and thy righteousness to the upright in heart.	
Psalms 36:12	There are the workers of iniquity fallen: they are cast down, and shall not be able to rise.	
Psalms 36:2	For he flattereth himself in his own eyes, until his iniquity be found to be hateful.	
Psalms 36:5	Thy mercy, O LORD, is in the heavens; and thy faithfulness reacheth unto the clouds.	
Psalms 36:8	They shall be abundantly satisfied with the fatness of thy house; and thou shalt make them drink of the river of thy pleasures.	
Psalms 37:1	Fret not thyself because of evildoers, neither be thou envious against the workers of iniquity.	
Psalms 37:10	For yet a little while, and the wicked shall not be: yea, thou shalt diligently consider his place, and it shall not be.	
Psalms 37:15	Their sword shall enter into their own heart, and their bows shall be broken.	
Psalms 37:18	The LORD knoweth the days of the upright: and their inheritance shall be for ever.	
Psalms 37:22	For such as be blessed of him shall inherit the earth; and they that be cursed of him shall be cut off.	
Psalms 37:24	Though he fall, he shall not be utterly cast down: for the LORD upholdeth him with his hand.	
Psalms 37:25	I have been young, and now am old; yet have I not seen the righteous forsaken, nor his seed begging bread.	
Psalms 37:3	Trust in the LORD, and do good; so shalt thou dwell in the land, and verily thou shalt be fed.	
Psalms 37:31	The law of his God is in his heart; none of his steps shall slide.	
Psalms 37:34	Wait on the LORD, and keep his way, and he shall exalt thee to inherit the land: when the wicked are cut off, thou shalt see it.	
Psalms 37:37	Mark the perfect man, and behold the upright: for the end of that man is peace.	
Psalms 37:9	For evildoers shall be cut off: but those that wait upon the LORD, they shall inherit the earth.	
Psalms 38:4	For mine iniquities are gone over mine head: as an heavy burden they are too heavy for me.	
Psalms 39:1	I said, I will take heed to my ways, that I sin not with my tongue: I will keep my mouth with a bridle, while the wicked is before me.	
Psalms 39:10	Remove thy stroke away from me: I am consumed by the blow of thine hand.	
Psalms 39:12	Hear my prayer, O LORD, and give ear unto my cry; hold not thy peace at my tears: for I am a stranger with thee, and a sojourner, as all my fathers were.	
Psalms 39:13	O spare me, that I may recover strength, before I go hence, and be no more.	
Psalms 39:9	I was dumb, I opened not my mouth; because thou didst it.	
Psalms 3:6	I will not be afraid of ten thousands of people, that have set themselves against me round about.	
Psalms 40:15	Let them be desolate for a reward of their shame that say unto me, Aha, aha.	
Psalms 40:2	He brought me up also out of an horrible pit, out of the miry clay, and set my feet upon a rock, and established my goings.	
Psalms 40:4	Blessed is that man that maketh the LORD his trust, and respecteth not the proud, nor such as turn aside to lies.	
Psalms 41:5	Mine enemies speak evil of me, When shall he die, and his name perish?	
Psalms 41:8	An evil disease, say they, cleaveth fast unto him: and now that he lieth he shall rise up no more.	
Psalms 41:9	Yea, mine own familiar friend, in whom I trusted, which did eat of my bread, hath lifted up his heel against me.	
Psalms 42:1	As the hart panteth after the water brooks, so panteth my soul after thee, O God.	
Psalms 42:10	As with a sword in my bones, mine enemies reproach me; while they say daily unto me, Where is thy God?	
Psalms 42:11	Why art thou cast down, O my soul? and why art thou disquieted within me? hope thou in God: for I shall yet praise him, who is the health of my countenance, and my God.	
Psalms 42:6	O my God, my soul is cast down within me: therefore will I remember thee from the land of Jordan, and of the Hermonites, from the hill Mizar.	
Psalms 42:8	Yet the LORD will command his lovingkindness in the day time, and in the night his song shall be with me, and my prayer unto the God of my life.	
Psalms 43:1	Judge me, O God, and plead my cause against an ungodly nation: O deliver me from the deceitful and unjust man.	
Psalms 44:13	Thou makest us a reproach to our neighbours, a scorn and a derision to them that are round about us.	
Psalms 44:21	Shall not God search this out? for he knoweth the secrets of the heart.	
Psalms 44:22	Yea, for thy sake are we killed all the day long; we are counted as sheep for the slaughter.	
Psalms 44:24	Wherefore hidest thou thy face, and forgettest our affliction and our oppression?	
Psalms 44:5	Through thee will we push down our enemies: through thy name will we tread them under that rise up against us.	
Psalms 44:6	For I will not trust in my bow, neither shall my sword save me.	
Psalms 44:7	But thou hast saved us from our enemies, and hast put them to shame that hated us.	
Psalms 44:8	In God we boast all the day long, and praise thy name for ever. Selah.	
Psalms 45:1	My heart is inditing a good matter: I speak of the things which I have made touching the king: my tongue is the pen of a ready writer.	
Psalms 45:13	The king's daughter is all glorious within: her clothing is of wrought gold.	
Psalms 45:15	With gladness and rejoicing shall they be brought: they shall enter into the king's palace.	
Psalms 45:2	Thou art fairer than the children of men: grace is poured into thy lips: therefore God hath blessed thee for ever.	
Psalms 45:4	And in thy majesty ride prosperously because of truth and meekness and righteousness; and thy right hand shall teach thee terrible things.	
Psalms 45:7	Thou lovest righteousness, and hatest wickedness: therefore God, thy God, hath anointed thee with the oil of gladness above thy fellows.	
Psalms 45:8	All thy garments smell of myrrh, and aloes, and cassia, out of the ivory palaces, whereby they have made thee glad.	
Psalms 46:11	The LORD of hosts is with us; the God of Jacob is our refuge. Selah.	
Psalms 46:3	Though the waters thereof roar and be troubled, though the mountains shake with the swelling thereof. Selah.	
Psalms 46:5	God is in the midst of her; she shall not be moved: God shall help her, and that right early.	
Psalms 47:1	O clap your hands, all ye people; shout unto God with the voice of triumph.	
Psalms 47:3	He shall subdue the people under us, and the nations under our feet.	
Psalms 47:8	God reigneth over the heathen: God sitteth upon the throne of his holiness.	
Psalms 48:3	God is known in her palaces for a refuge.	
Psalms 48:5	They saw it, and so they marvelled; they were troubled, and hasted away.	
Psalms 48:7	Thou breakest the ships of Tarshish with an east wind.	
Psalms 49:13	This their way is their folly: yet their posterity approve their sayings. Selah.	
Psalms 49:18	Though while he lived he blessed his soul: and men will praise thee, when thou doest well to thyself.	
Psalms 49:6	They that trust in their wealth, and boast themselves in the multitude of their riches;	
Psalms 4:2	O ye sons of men, how long will ye turn my glory into shame? how long will ye love vanity, and seek after leasing? Selah.	
Psalms 4:8	I will both lay me down in peace, and sleep: for thou, LORD, only makest me dwell in safety.	
Psalms 50:10	For every beast of the forest is mine, and the cattle upon a thousand hills.	
Psalms 50:15	And call upon me in the day of trouble: I will deliver thee, and thou shalt glorify me.	
Psalms 50:17	Seeing thou hatest instruction, and casteth my words behind thee.	
Psalms 50:18	When thou sawest a thief, then thou consentedst with him, and hast been partaker with adulterers.	
Psalms 50:2	Out of Zion, the perfection of beauty, God hath shined.	
Psalms 50:7	Hear, O my people, and I will speak; O Israel, and I will testify against thee: I am God, even thy God.	
Psalms 51:10	Create in me a clean heart, O God; and renew a right spirit within me.	
Psalms 51:12	Restore unto me the joy of thy salvation; and uphold me with thy free spirit.	
Psalms 51:7	Purge me with hyssop, and I shall be clean: wash me, and I shall be whiter than snow.	
Psalms 52:4	Thou lovest all devouring words, O thou deceitful tongue.	
Psalms 52:9	I will praise thee for ever, because thou hast done it: and I will wait on thy name; for it is good before thy saints.	
Psalms 53:4	Have the workers of iniquity no knowledge? who eat up my people as they eat bread: they have not called upon God.	
Psalms 54:5	He shall reward evil unto mine enemies: cut them off in thy truth.	
Psalms 54:6	I will freely sacrifice unto thee: I will praise thy name, O LORD; for it is good.	
Psalms 55:12	For it was not an enemy that reproached me; then I could have borne it: neither was it he that hated me that did magnify himself against me; then I would have hid myself from him:	
Psalms 55:19	God shall hear, and afflict them, even he that abideth of old. Selah. Because they have no changes, therefore they fear not God.	
Psalms 55:22	Cast thy burden upon the LORD, and he shall sustain thee: he shall never suffer the righteous to be moved.	
Psalms 56:1	Be merciful unto me, O God: for man would swallow me up; he fighting daily oppresseth me.	
Psalms 56:11	In God have I put my trust: I will not be afraid what man can do unto me.	
Psalms 56:12	Thy vows are upon me, O God: I will render praises unto thee.	
Psalms 56:13	For thou hast delivered my soul from death: wilt not thou deliver my feet from falling, that I may walk before God in the light of the living?	
Psalms 56:2	Mine enemies would daily swallow me up: for they be many that fight against me, O thou most High.	
Psalms 56:6	They gather themselves together, they hide themselves, they mark my steps, when they wait for my soul.	
Psalms 57:9	I will praise thee, O Lord, among the people: I will sing unto thee among the nations.	
Psalms 58:3	The wicked are estranged from the womb: they go astray as soon as they be born, speaking lies.	
Psalms 58:6	Break their teeth, O God, in their mouth: break out the great teeth of the young lions, O LORD.	
Psalms 59:2	Deliver me from the workers of iniquity, and save me from bloody men.	
Psalms 59:4	They run and prepare themselves without my fault: awake to help me, and behold.	
Psalms 5:3	My voice shalt thou hear in the morning, O LORD; in the morning will I direct my prayer unto thee, and will look up.	
Psalms 5:5	The foolish shall not stand in thy sight: thou hatest all workers of iniquity.	
Psalms 5:6	Thou shalt destroy them that speak leasing: the LORD will abhor the bloody and deceitful man.	
Psalms 5:8	Lead me, O LORD, in thy righteousness because of mine enemies; make thy way straight before my face.	
Psalms 60:12	Through God we shall do valiantly: for he it is that shall tread down our enemies.	
Psalms 60:2	Thou hast made the earth to tremble; thou hast broken it: heal the breaches thereof; for it shaketh.	
Psalms 60:4	Thou hast given a banner to them that fear thee, that it may be displayed because of the truth. Selah.	
Psalms 60:8	Moab is my washpot; over Edom will I cast out my shoe: Philistia, triumph thou because of me.	
Psalms 61:2	From the end of the earth will I cry unto thee, when my heart is overwhelmed: lead me to the rock that is higher than I.	
Psalms 61:3	For thou hast been a shelter for me, and a strong tower from the enemy.	
Psalms 61:5	For thou, O God, hast heard my vows: thou hast given me the heritage of those that fear thy name.	
Psalms 62:1	Truly my soul waiteth upon God: from him cometh my salvation.	
Psalms 62:12	Also unto thee, O Lord, belongeth mercy: for thou renderest to every man according to his work.	
Psalms 62:5	My soul, wait thou only upon God; for my expectation is from him.	
Psalms 63:4	Thus will I bless thee while I live: I will lift up my hands in thy name.	
Psalms 64:9	And all men shall fear, and shall declare the work of God; for they shall wisely consider of his doing.	
Psalms 65:1	Praise waiteth for thee, O God, in Sion: and unto thee shall the vow be performed.	
Psalms 65:11	Thou crownest the year with thy goodness; and thy paths drop fatness.	
Psalms 65:3	Iniquities prevail against me: as for our transgressions, thou shalt purge them away.	
Psalms 65:4	Blessed is the man whom thou choosest, and causest to approach unto thee, that he may dwell in thy courts: we shall be satisfied with the goodness of thy house, even of thy holy temple.	
Psalms 66:12	Thou hast caused men to ride over our heads; we went through fire and through water: but thou broughtest us out into a wealthy place.	
Psalms 66:17	I cried unto him with my mouth, and he was extolled with my tongue.	
Psalms 66:19	But verily God hath heard me; he hath attended to the voice of my prayer.	
Psalms 66:5	Come and see the works of God: he is terrible in his doing toward the children of men.	
Psalms 66:9	Which holdeth our soul in life, and suffereth not our feet to be moved.	
Psalms 67:3	Let the people praise thee, O God; let all the people praise thee.	
Psalms 68:1	Let God arise, let his enemies be scattered: let them also that hate him flee before him.	
Psalms 68:13	Though ye have lien among the pots, yet shall ye be as the wings of a dove covered with silver, and her feathers with yellow gold.	
Psalms 68:14	When the Almighty scattered kings in it, it was white as snow in Salmon.	
Psalms 68:19	Blessed be the Lord, who daily loadeth us with benefits, even the God of our salvation. Selah.	
Psalms 68:24	They have seen thy goings, O God; even the goings of my God, my King, in the sanctuary.	
Psalms 68:3	But let the righteous be glad; let them rejoice before God: yea, let them exceedingly rejoice.	
Psalms 68:31	Princes shall come out of Egypt; Ethiopia shall soon stretch out her hands unto God.	
Psalms 68:34	Ascribe ye strength unto God: his excellency is over Israel, and his strength is in the clouds.	
Psalms 68:5	A father of the fatherless, and a judge of the widows, is God in his holy habitation.	
Psalms 69:1	Save me, O God; for the waters are come in unto my soul.	
Psalms 69:17	And hide not thy face from thy servant; for I am in trouble: hear me speedily.	
Psalms 69:21	They gave me also gall for my meat; and in my thirst they gave me vinegar to drink.	
Psalms 69:23	Let their eyes be darkened, that they see not; and make their loins continually to shake.	
Psalms 69:24	Pour out thine indignation upon them, and let thy wrathful anger take hold of them.	
Psalms 69:26	For they persecute him whom thou hast smitten; and they talk to the grief of those whom thou hast wounded.	
Psalms 69:3	I am weary of my crying: my throat is dried: mine eyes fail while I wait for my God.	
Psalms 69:30	I will praise the name of God with a song, and will magnify him with thanksgiving.	
Psalms 6:8	Depart from me, all ye workers of iniquity; for the LORD hath heard the voice of my weeping.	
Psalms 71:1	In thee, O LORD, do I put my trust: let me never be put to confusion.	
Psalms 71:11	Saying, God hath forsaken him: persecute and take him; for there is none to deliver him.	
Psalms 71:15	My mouth shall shew forth thy righteousness and thy salvation all the day; for I know not the numbers thereof.	
Psalms 71:19	Thy righteousness also, O God, is very high, who hast done great things: O God, who is like unto thee!	
Psalms 71:20	Thou, which hast shewed me great and sore troubles, shalt quicken me again, and shalt bring me up again from the depths of the earth.	
Psalms 71:21	Thou shalt increase my greatness, and comfort me on every side.	
Psalms 71:5	For thou art my hope, O Lord GOD: thou art my trust from my youth.	
Psalms 71:7	I am as a wonder unto many; but thou art my strong refuge.	
Psalms 71:9	Cast me not off in the time of old age; forsake me not when my strength faileth.	
Psalms 72:11	Yea, all kings shall fall down before him: all nations shall serve him.	
Psalms 72:16	There shall be an handful of corn in the earth upon the top of the mountains; the fruit thereof shall shake like Lebanon: and they of the city shall flourish like grass of the earth.	
Psalms 72:20	The prayers of David the son of Jesse are ended.	
Psalms 73:5	They are not in trouble as other men; neither are they plagued like other men.	
Psalms 73:6	Therefore pride compasseth them about as a chain; violence covereth them as a garment.	
Psalms 73:7	Their eyes stand out with fatness: they have more than heart could wish.	
Psalms 73:8	They are corrupt, and speak wickedly concerning oppression: they speak loftily.	
Psalms 73:9	They set their mouth against the heavens, and their tongue walketh through the earth.	
Psalms 74:13	Thou didst divide the sea by thy strength: thou brakest the heads of the dragons in the waters.	
Psalms 74:15	Thou didst cleave the fountain and the flood: thou driedst up mighty rivers.	
Psalms 74:16	The day is thine, the night also is thine: thou hast prepared the light and the sun.	
Psalms 74:22	Arise, O God, plead thine own cause: remember how the foolish man reproacheth thee daily.	
Psalms 74:7	They have cast fire into thy sanctuary, they have defiled by casting down the dwelling place of thy name to the ground.	
Psalms 75:2	When I shall receive the congregation I will judge uprightly.	
Psalms 75:4	I said unto the fools, Deal not foolishly: and to the wicked, Lift not up the horn:	
Psalms 75:6	For promotion cometh neither from the east, nor from the west, nor from the south.	
Psalms 75:8	For in the hand of the LORD there is a cup, and the wine is red; it is full of mixture; and he poureth out of the same: but the dregs thereof, all the wicked of the earth shall wring them out, and drink them.	
Psalms 76:1	In Judah is God known: his name is great in Israel.	
Psalms 76:2	In Salem also is his tabernacle, and his dwelling place in Zion.	
Psalms 76:3	There brake he the arrows of the bow, the shield, and the sword, and the battle. Selah.	
Psalms 76:5	The stouthearted are spoiled, they have slept their sleep: and none of the men of might have found their hands.	
Psalms 76:6	At thy rebuke, O God of Jacob, both the chariot and horse are cast into a dead sleep.	
Psalms 77:1	I cried unto God with my voice, even unto God with my voice; and he gave ear unto me.	
Psalms 77:11	I will remember the works of the LORD: surely I will remember thy wonders of old.	
Psalms 77:12	I will meditate also of all thy work, and talk of thy doings.	
Psalms 77:14	Thou art the God that doest wonders: thou hast declared thy strength among the people.	
Psalms 77:16	The waters saw thee, O God, the waters saw thee; they were afraid: the depths also were troubled.	
Psalms 77:8	Is his mercy clean gone for ever? doth his promise fail for evermore?	
Psalms 77:9	Hath God forgotten to be gracious? hath he in anger shut up his tender mercies? Selah.	
Psalms 78:11	And forgat his works, and his wonders that he had shewed them.	
Psalms 78:13	He divided the sea, and caused them to pass through; and he made the waters to stand as an heap.	
Psalms 78:14	In the daytime also he led them with a cloud, and all the night with a light of fire.	
Psalms 78:15	He clave the rocks in the wilderness, and gave them drink as out of the great depths.	
Psalms 78:18	And they tempted God in their heart by asking meat for their lust.	
Psalms 78:2	I will open my mouth in a parable: I will utter dark sayings of old:	
Psalms 78:25	Man did eat angels' food: he sent them meat to the full.	
Psalms 78:29	So they did eat, and were well filled: for he gave them their own desire;	
Psalms 78:31	The wrath of God came upon them, and slew the fattest of them, and smote down the chosen men of Israel.	
Psalms 78:32	For all this they sinned still, and believed not for his wondrous works.	
Psalms 78:37	For their heart was not right with him, neither were they stedfast in his covenant.	
Psalms 78:38	But he, being full of compassion, forgave their iniquity, and destroyed them not: yea, many a time turned he his anger away, and did not stir up all his wrath.	
Psalms 78:48	He gave up their cattle also to the hail, and their flocks to hot thunderbolts.	
Psalms 78:51	And smote all the firstborn in Egypt; the chief of their strength in the tabernacles of Ham:	
Psalms 78:53	And he led them on safely, so that they feared not: but the sea overwhelmed their enemies.	
Psalms 78:58	For they provoked him to anger with their high places, and moved him to jealousy with their graven images.	
Psalms 78:65	Then the LORD awaked as one out of sleep, and like a mighty man that shouteth by reason of wine.	
Psalms 78:66	And he smote his enemies in the hinder parts: he put them to a perpetual reproach.	
Psalms 78:70	He chose David also his servant, and took him from the sheepfolds:	
Psalms 79:1	O god, the heathen are come into thine inheritance; thy holy temple have they defiled; they have laid Jerusalem on heaps.	
Psalms 79:6	Pour out thy wrath upon the heathen that have not known thee, and upon the kingdoms that have not called upon thy name.	
Psalms 79:7	For they have devoured Jacob, and laid waste his dwelling place.	
Psalms 7:3	O LORD my God, If I have done this; if there be iniquity in my hands;	
Psalms 7:8	The LORD shall judge the people: judge me, O LORD, according to my righteousness, and according to mine integrity that is in me.	
Psalms 7:9	Oh let the wickedness of the wicked come to an end; but establish the just: for the righteous God trieth the hearts and reins.	
Psalms 80:12	Why hast thou then broken down her hedges, so that all they which pass by the way do pluck her?	
Psalms 80:3	Turn us again, O God, and cause thy face to shine; and we shall be saved.	
Psalms 80:4	O LORD God of hosts, how long wilt thou be angry against the prayer of thy people?	
Psalms 80:6	Thou makest us a strife unto our neighbours: and our enemies laugh among themselves.	
Psalms 80:7	Turn us again, O God of hosts, and cause thy face to shine; and we shall be saved.	
Psalms 80:8	Thou hast brought a vine out of Egypt: thou hast cast out the heathen, and planted it.	
Psalms 80:9	Thou preparedst room before it, and didst cause it to take deep root, and it filled the land.	
Psalms 82:1	God standeth in the congregation of the mighty; he judgeth among the gods.	
Psalms 82:4	Deliver the poor and needy: rid them out of the hand of the wicked.	
Psalms 83:10	Which perished at Endor: they became as dung for the earth.	
Psalms 83:3	They have taken crafty counsel against thy people, and consulted against thy hidden ones.	
Psalms 83:4	They have said, Come, and let us cut them off from being a nation; that the name of Israel may be no more in remembrance.	
Psalms 83:5	For they have consulted together with one consent: they are confederate against thee:	
Psalms 83:9	Do unto them as unto the Midianites; as to Sisera, as to Jabin, at the brook of Kison:	
Psalms 84:12	O LORD of hosts, blessed is the man that trusteth in thee.	
Psalms 84:6	Who passing through the valley of Baca make it a well; the rain also filleth the pools.	
Psalms 85:7	Shew us thy mercy, O LORD, and grant us thy salvation.	
Psalms 86:1	Bow down thine ear, O LORD, hear me: for I am poor and needy.	
Psalms 86:11	Teach me thy way, O LORD; I will walk in thy truth: unite my heart to fear thy name.	
Psalms 86:17	Shew me a token for good; that they which hate me may see it, and be ashamed: because thou, LORD, hast holpen me, and comforted me.	
Psalms 88:1	O lord God of my salvation, I have cried day and night before thee:	
Psalms 88:16	Thy fierce wrath goeth over me; thy terrors have cut me off.	
Psalms 88:3	For my soul is full of troubles: and my life draweth nigh unto the grave.	
Psalms 88:5	Free among the dead, like the slain that lie in the grave, whom thou rememberest no more: and they are cut off from thy hand.	
Psalms 88:7	Thy wrath lieth hard upon me, and thou hast afflicted me with all thy waves. Selah.	
Psalms 88:9	Mine eye mourneth by reason of affliction: LORD, I have called daily upon thee, I have stretched out my hands unto thee.	
Psalms 89:10	Thou hast broken Rahab in pieces, as one that is slain; thou hast scattered thine enemies with thy strong arm.	
Psalms 89:14	Justice and judgment are the habitation of thy throne: mercy and truth shall go before thy face.	
Psalms 89:2	For I have said, Mercy shall be built up for ever: thy faithfulness shalt thou establish in the very heavens.	
Psalms 89:20	I have found David my servant; with my holy oil have I anointed him:	
Psalms 89:21	With whom my hand shall be established: mine arm also shall strengthen him.	
Psalms 89:23	And I will beat down his foes before his face, and plague them that hate him.	
Psalms 89:25	I will set his hand also in the sea, and his right hand in the rivers.	
Psalms 89:29	His seed also will I make to endure for ever, and his throne as the days of heaven.	
Psalms 89:35	Once have I sworn by my holiness that I will not lie unto David.	
Psalms 89:37	It shall be established for ever as the moon, and as a faithful witness in heaven. Selah.	
Psalms 89:38	But thou hast cast off and abhorred, thou hast been wroth with thine anointed.	
Psalms 89:40	Thou hast broken down all his hedges; thou hast brought his strong holds to ruin.	
Psalms 89:42	Thou hast set up the right hand of his adversaries; thou hast made all his enemies to rejoice.	
Psalms 89:43	Thou hast also turned the edge of his sword, and hast not made him to stand in the battle.	
Psalms 89:50	Remember, Lord, the reproach of thy servants; how I do bear in my bosom the reproach of all the mighty people;	
Psalms 89:51	Wherewith thine enemies have reproached, O LORD; wherewith they have reproached the footsteps of thine anointed.	
Psalms 89:8	O LORD God of hosts, who is a strong LORD like unto thee? or to thy faithfulness round about thee?	
Psalms 89:9	Thou rulest the raging of the sea: when the waves thereof arise, thou stillest them.	
Psalms 8:4	What is man, that thou art mindful of him? and the son of man, that thou visitest him?	
Psalms 8:8	The fowl of the air, and the fish of the sea, and whatsoever passeth through the paths of the seas.	
Psalms 90:1	Lord, thou hast been our dwelling place in all generations.	
Psalms 90:11	Who knoweth the power of thine anger? even according to thy fear, so is thy wrath.	
Psalms 90:15	Make us glad according to the days wherein thou hast afflicted us, and the years wherein we have seen evil.	
Psalms 90:2	Before the mountains were brought forth, or ever thou hadst formed the earth and the world, even from everlasting to everlasting, thou art God.	
Psalms 90:4	For a thousand years in thy sight are but as yesterday when it is past, and as a watch in the night.	
Psalms 90:7	For we are consumed by thine anger, and by thy wrath are we troubled.	
Psalms 91:14	Because he hath set his love upon me, therefore will I deliver him: I will set him on high, because he hath known my name.	
Psalms 92:10	But my horn shalt thou exalt like the horn of an unicorn: I shall be anointed with fresh oil.	
Psalms 92:14	They shall still bring forth fruit in old age; they shall be fat and flourishing;	
Psalms 92:4	For thou, LORD, hast made me glad through thy work: I will triumph in the works of thy hands.	
Psalms 92:5	O LORD, how great are thy works! and thy thoughts are very deep.	
Psalms 94:18	When I said, My foot slippeth; thy mercy, O LORD, held me up.	
Psalms 94:20	Shall the throne of iniquity have fellowship with thee, which frameth mischief by a law?	
Psalms 94:6	They slay the widow and the stranger, and murder the fatherless.	
Psalms 95:10	Forty years long was I grieved with this generation, and said, It is a people that do err in their heart, and they have not known my ways:	
Psalms 95:3	For the LORD is a great God, and a great King above all gods.	
Psalms 95:8	Harden not your heart, as in the provocation, and as in the day of temptation in the wilderness:	
Psalms 96:13	Before the LORD: for he cometh, for he cometh to judge the earth: he shall judge the world with righteousness, and the people with his truth.	
Psalms 96:2	Sing unto the LORD, bless his name; shew forth his salvation from day to day.	
Psalms 96:3	Declare his glory among the heathen, his wonders among all people.	
Psalms 97:11	Light is sown for the righteous, and gladness for the upright in heart.	
Psalms 97:3	A fire goeth before him, and burneth up his enemies round about.	
Psalms 97:7	Confounded be all they that serve graven images, that boast themselves of idols: worship him, all ye gods.	
Psalms 97:9	For thou, LORD, art high above all the earth: thou art exalted far above all gods.	
Psalms 98:2	The LORD hath made known his salvation: his righteousness hath he openly shewed in the sight of the heathen.	
Psalms 98:9	Before the LORD; for he cometh to judge the earth: with righteousness shall he judge the world, and the people with equity.	
Psalms 99:2	The LORD is great in Zion; and he is high above all the people.	
Psalms 99:4	The king's strength also loveth judgment; thou dost establish equity, thou executest judgment and righteousness in Jacob.	
Psalms 99:5	Exalt ye the LORD our God, and worship at his footstool; for he is holy.	
Psalms 9:19	Arise, O LORD; let not man prevail: let the heathen be judged in thy sight.	
Psalms 9:2	I will be glad and rejoice in thee: I will sing praise to thy name, O thou most High.	
Psalms 9:4	For thou hast maintained my right and my cause; thou satest in the throne judging right.	
Psalms 9:5	Thou hast rebuked the heathen, thou hast destroyed the wicked, thou hast put out their name for ever and ever.	
Psalms 9:8	And he shall judge the world in righteousness, he shall minister judgment to the people in uprightness.	
Revelation 10:2	And he had in his hand a little book open: and he set his right foot upon the sea, and his left foot on the earth,	
Revelation 10:5	And the angel which I saw stand upon the sea and upon the earth lifted up his hand to heaven,	
Revelation 11:16	And the four and twenty elders, which sat before God on their seats, fell upon their faces, and worshipped God,	
Revelation 11:19	And the temple of God was opened in heaven, and there was seen in his temple the ark of his testament: and there were lightnings, and voices, and thunderings, and an earthquake, and great hail.	
Revelation 11:3	And I will give power unto my two witnesses, and they shall prophesy a thousand two hundred and threescore days, clothed in sackcloth.	
Revelation 11:7	And when they shall have finished their testimony, the beast that ascendeth out of the bottomless pit shall make war against them, and shall overcome them, and kill them.	
Revelation 12:4	And his tail drew the third part of the stars of heaven, and did cast them to the earth: and the dragon stood before the woman which was ready to be delivered, for to devour her child as soon as it was born.	
Revelation 12:5	And she brought forth a man child, who was to rule all nations with a rod of iron: and her child was caught up unto God, and to his throne.	
Revelation 13:10	He that leadeth into captivity shall go into captivity: he that killeth with the sword must be killed with the sword. Here is the patience and the faith of the saints.	
Revelation 13:11	And I beheld another beast coming up out of the earth; and he had two horns like a lamb, and he spake as a dragon.	
Revelation 13:3	And I saw one of his heads as it were wounded to death; and his deadly wound was healed: and all the world wondered after the beast.	
Revelation 14:14	And I looked, and behold a white cloud, and upon the cloud one sat like unto the Son of man, having on his head a golden crown, and in his hand a sharp sickle.	
Revelation 14:15	And another angel came out of the temple, crying with a loud voice to him that sat on the cloud, Thrust in thy sickle, and reap: for the time is come for thee to reap; for the harvest of the earth is ripe.	
Revelation 14:6	And I saw another angel fly in the midst of heaven, having the everlasting gospel to preach unto them that dwell on the earth, and to every nation, and kindred, and tongue, and people,	
Revelation 15:5	And after that I looked, and, behold, the temple of the tabernacle of the testimony in heaven was opened:	
Revelation 15:6	And the seven angels came out of the temple, having the seven plagues, clothed in pure and white linen, and having their breasts girded with golden girdles.	
Revelation 15:7	And one of the four beasts gave unto the seven angels seven golden vials full of the wrath of God, who liveth for ever and ever.	
Revelation 15:8	And the temple was filled with smoke from the glory of God, and from his power; and no man was able to enter into the temple, till the seven plagues of the seven angels were fulfilled.	
Revelation 16:11	And blasphemed the God of heaven because of their pains and their sores, and repented not of their deeds.	
Revelation 16:13	And I saw three unclean spirits like frogs come out of the mouth of the dragon, and out of the mouth of the beast, and out of the mouth of the false prophet.	
Revelation 16:16	And he gathered them together into a place called in the Hebrew tongue Armageddon.	
Revelation 16:19	And the great city was divided into three parts, and the cities of the nations fell: and great Babylon came in remembrance before God, to give unto her the cup of the wine of the fierceness of his wrath.	
Revelation 16:2	And the first went, and poured out his vial upon the earth; and there fell a noisome and grievous sore upon the men which had the mark of the beast, and upon them which worshipped his image.	
Revelation 16:21	And there fell upon men a great hail out of heaven, every stone about the weight of a talent: and men blasphemed God because of the plague of the hail; for the plague thereof was exceeding great.	
Revelation 17:11	And the beast that was, and is not, even he is the eighth, and is of the seven, and goeth into perdition.	
Revelation 17:13	These have one mind, and shall give their power and strength unto the beast.	
Revelation 17:3	So he carried me away in the spirit into the wilderness: and I saw a woman sit upon a scarlet coloured beast, full of names of blasphemy, having seven heads and ten horns.	
Revelation 17:5	And upon her forehead was a name written, MYSTERY, BABYLON THE GREAT, THE MOTHER OF HARLOTS AND ABOMINATIONS OF THE EARTH.	
Revelation 17:8	The beast that thou sawest was, and is not; and shall ascend out of the bottomless pit, and go into perdition: and they that dwell on the earth shall wonder, whose names were not written in the book of life from the foundation of the world, when they behold the beast that was, and is not, and yet is.	
Revelation 17:9	And here is the mind which hath wisdom. The seven heads are seven mountains, on which the woman sitteth.	
Revelation 18:1	And after these things I saw another angel come down from heaven, having great power; and the earth was lightened with his glory.	
Revelation 18:11	And the merchants of the earth shall weep and mourn over her; for no man buyeth their merchandise any more:	
Revelation 18:14	And the fruits that thy soul lusted after are departed from thee, and all things which were dainty and goodly are departed from thee, and thou shalt find them no more at all.	
Revelation 18:16	And saying, Alas, alas that great city, that was clothed in fine linen, and purple, and scarlet, and decked with gold, and precious stones, and pearls!	
Revelation 18:17	For in one hour so great riches is come to nought. And every shipmaster, and all the company in ships, and sailors, and as many as trade by sea, stood afar off,	
Revelation 18:18	And cried when they saw the smoke of her burning, saying, What city is like unto this great city!	
Revelation 18:19	And they cast dust on their heads, and cried, weeping and wailing, saying, Alas, alas that great city, wherein were made rich all that had ships in the sea by reason of her costliness! for in one hour is she made desolate.	
Revelation 19:11	And I saw heaven opened, and behold a white horse; and he that sat upon him was called Faithful and True, and in righteousness he doth judge and make war.	
Revelation 19:18	That ye may eat the flesh of kings, and the flesh of captains, and the flesh of mighty men, and the flesh of horses, and of them that sit on them, and the flesh of all men, both free and bond, both small and great.	
Revelation 19:21	And the remnant were slain with the sword of him that sat upon the horse, which sword proceeded out of his mouth: and all the fowls were filled with their flesh.	
Revelation 1:10	I was in the Spirit on the Lord's day, and heard behind me a great voice, as of a trumpet,	
Revelation 1:3	Blessed is he that readeth, and they that hear the words of this prophecy, and keep those things which are written therein: for the time is at hand.	
Revelation 1:5	And from Jesus Christ, who is the faithful witness, and the first begotten of the dead, and the prince of the kings of the earth. Unto him that loved us, and washed us from our sins in his own blood,	
Revelation 1:7	Behold, he cometh with clouds; and every eye shall see him, and they also which pierced him: and all kindreds of the earth shall wail because of him. Even so, Amen.	
Revelation 20:11	And I saw a great white throne, and him that sat on it, from whose face the earth and the heaven fled away; and there was found no place for them.	
Revelation 20:12	And I saw the dead, small and great, stand before God; and the books were opened: and another book was opened, which is the book of life: and the dead were judged out of those things which were written in the books, according to their works.	
Revelation 20:13	And the sea gave up the dead which were in it; and death and hell delivered up the dead which were in them: and they were judged every man according to their works.	
Revelation 20:9	And they went up on the breadth of the earth, and compassed the camp of the saints about, and the beloved city: and fire came down from God out of heaven, and devoured them.	
Revelation 21:16	And the city lieth foursquare, and the length is as large as the breadth: and he measured the city with the reed, twelve thousand furlongs. The length and the breadth and the height of it are equal.	
Revelation 21:17	And he measured the wall thereof, an hundred and forty and four cubits, according to the measure of a man, that is, of the angel.	
Revelation 21:2	And I John saw the holy city, new Jerusalem, coming down from God out of heaven, prepared as a bride adorned for her husband.	
Revelation 21:23	And the city had no need of the sun, neither of the moon, to shine in it: for the glory of God did lighten it, and the Lamb is the light thereof.	
Revelation 21:6	And he said unto me, It is done. I am Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the end. I will give unto him that is athirst of the fountain of the water of life freely.	
Revelation 21:9	And there came unto me one of the seven angels which had the seven vials full of the seven last plagues, and talked with me, saying, Come hither, I will shew thee the bride, the Lamb's wife.	
Revelation 22:10	And he saith unto me, Seal not the sayings of the prophecy of this book: for the time is at hand.	
Revelation 22:19	And if any man shall take away from the words of the book of this prophecy, God shall take away his part out of the book of life, and out of the holy city, and from the things which are written in this book.	
Revelation 22:5	And there shall be no night there; and they need no candle, neither light of the sun; for the Lord God giveth them light: and they shall reign for ever and ever.	
Revelation 2:1	Unto the angel of the church of Ephesus write; These things saith he that holdeth the seven stars in his right hand, who walketh in the midst of the seven golden candlesticks;	
Revelation 2:11	He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the churches; He that overcometh shall not be hurt of the second death.	
Revelation 2:13	I know thy works, and where thou dwellest, even where Satan's seat is: and thou holdest fast my name, and hast not denied my faith, even in those days wherein Antipas was my faithful martyr, who was slain among you, where Satan dwelleth.	
Revelation 2:14	But I have a few things against thee, because thou hast there them that hold the doctrine of Balaam, who taught Balac to cast a stumblingblock before the children of Israel, to eat things sacrificed unto idols, and to commit fornication.	
Revelation 2:15	So hast thou also them that hold the doctrine of the Nicolaitanes, which thing I hate.	
Revelation 2:19	I know thy works, and charity, and service, and faith, and thy patience, and thy works; and the last to be more than the first.	
Revelation 2:21	And I gave her space to repent of her fornication; and she repented not.	
Revelation 2:3	And hast borne, and hast patience, and for my name's sake hast laboured, and hast not fainted.	
Revelation 2:6	But this thou hast, that thou hatest the deeds of the Nicolaitanes, which I also hate.	
Revelation 3:10	Because thou hast kept the word of my patience, I also will keep thee from the hour of temptation, which shall come upon all the world, to try them that dwell upon the earth.	
Revelation 3:11	Behold, I come quickly: hold that fast which thou hast, that no man take thy crown.	
Revelation 3:16	So then because thou art lukewarm, and neither cold nor hot, I will spue thee out of my mouth.	
Revelation 3:3	Remember therefore how thou hast received and heard, and hold fast, and repent. If therefore thou shalt not watch, I will come on thee as a thief, and thou shalt not know what hour I will come upon thee.	
Revelation 3:5	He that overcometh, the same shall be clothed in white raiment; and I will not blot out his name out of the book of life, but I will confess his name before my Father, and before his angels.	
Revelation 4:3	And he that sat was to look upon like a jasper and a sardine stone: and there was a rainbow round about the throne, in sight like unto an emerald.	
Revelation 4:4	And round about the throne were four and twenty seats: and upon the seats I saw four and twenty elders sitting, clothed in white raiment; and they had on their heads crowns of gold.	
Revelation 5:13	And every creature which is in heaven, and on the earth, and under the earth, and such as are in the sea, and all that are in them, heard I saying, Blessing, and honour, and glory, and power, be unto him that sitteth upon the throne, and unto the Lamb for ever and ever.	
Revelation 5:2	And I saw a strong angel proclaiming with a loud voice, Who is worthy to open the book, and to loose the seals thereof?	
Revelation 5:5	And one of the elders saith unto me, Weep not: behold, the Lion of the tribe of Juda, the Root of David, hath prevailed to open the book, and to loose the seven seals thereof.	
Revelation 5:9	And they sung a new song, saying, Thou art worthy to take the book, and to open the seals thereof: for thou wast slain, and hast redeemed us to God by thy blood out of every kindred, and tongue, and people, and nation;	
Revelation 6:11	And white robes were given unto every one of them; and it was said unto them, that they should rest yet for a little season, until their fellowservants also and their brethren, that should be killed as they were, should be fulfilled.	
Revelation 6:9	And when he had opened the fifth seal, I saw under the altar the souls of them that were slain for the word of God, and for the testimony which they held:	
Revelation 7:11	And all the angels stood round about the throne, and about the elders and the four beasts, and fell before the throne on their faces, and worshipped God,	
Revelation 7:14	And I said unto him, Sir, thou knowest. And he said to me, These are they which came out of great tribulation, and have washed their robes, and made them white in the blood of the Lamb.	
Revelation 7:8	Of the tribe of Zabulon were sealed twelve thousand. Of the tribe of Joseph were sealed twelve thousand. Of the tribe of Benjamin were sealed twelve thousand.	
Revelation 7:9	After this I beheld, and, lo, a great multitude, which no man could number, of all nations, and kindreds, and people, and tongues, stood before the throne, and before the Lamb, clothed with white robes, and palms in their hands;	
Revelation 8:10	And the third angel sounded, and there fell a great star from heaven, burning as it were a lamp, and it fell upon the third part of the rivers, and upon the fountains of waters;	
Revelation 8:11	And the name of the star is called Wormwood: and the third part of the waters became wormwood; and many men died of the waters, because they were made bitter.	
Revelation 8:2	And I saw the seven angels which stood before God; and to them were given seven trumpets.	
Revelation 8:6	And the seven angels which had the seven trumpets prepared themselves to sound.	
Revelation 8:7	The first angel sounded, and there followed hail and fire mingled with blood, and they were cast upon the earth: and the third part of trees was burnt up, and all green grass was burnt up.	
Revelation 9:1	And the fifth angel sounded, and I saw a star fall from heaven unto the earth: and to him was given the key of the bottomless pit.	
Revelation 9:12	One woe is past; and, behold, there come two woes more hereafter.	
Romans 10:11	For the scripture saith, Whosoever believeth on him shall not be ashamed.	
Romans 10:13	For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.	
Romans 10:14	How then shall they call on him in whom they have not believed? and how shall they believe in him of whom they have not heard? and how shall they hear without a preacher?	
Romans 10:16	But they have not all obeyed the gospel. For Esaias saith, Lord, who hath believed our report?	
Romans 10:17	So then faith cometh by hearing, and hearing by the word of God.	
Romans 10:7	Or, Who shall descend into the deep? (that is, to bring up Christ again from the dead.)	
Romans 11:1	I say then, Hath God cast away his people? God forbid. For I also am an Israelite, of the seed of Abraham, of the tribe of Benjamin.	
Romans 11:14	If by any means I may provoke to emulation them which are my flesh, and might save some of them.	
Romans 11:20	Well; because of unbelief they were broken off, and thou standest by faith. Be not highminded, but fear:	
Romans 11:22	Behold therefore the goodness and severity of God: on them which fell, severity; but toward thee, goodness, if thou continue in his goodness: otherwise thou also shalt be cut off.	
Romans 11:23	And they also, if they abide not still in unbelief, shall be graffed in: for God is able to graff them in again.	
Romans 11:26	And so all Israel shall be saved: as it is written, There shall come out of Sion the Deliverer, and shall turn away ungodliness from Jacob:	
Romans 11:3	Lord, they have killed thy prophets, and digged down thine altars; and I am left alone, and they seek my life.	
Romans 11:33	O the depth of the riches both of the wisdom and knowledge of God! how unsearchable are his judgments, and his ways past finding out!	
Romans 11:6	And if by grace, then is it no more of works: otherwise grace is no more grace. But if it be of works, then it is no more grace: otherwise work is no more work.	
Romans 11:7	What then? Israel hath not obtained that which he seeketh for; but the election hath obtained it, and the rest were blinded.	
Romans 12:11	Not slothful in business; fervent in spirit; serving the Lord;	
Romans 12:21	Be not overcome of evil, but overcome evil with good.	
Romans 12:3	For I say, through the grace given unto me, to every man that is among you, not to think of himself more highly than he ought to think; but to think soberly, according as God hath dealt to every man the measure of faith.	
Romans 12:6	Having then gifts differing according to the grace that is given to us, whether prophecy, let us prophesy according to the proportion of faith;	
Romans 13:13	Let us walk honestly, as in the day; not in rioting and drunkenness, not in chambering and wantonness, not in strife and envying.	
Romans 13:3	For rulers are not a terror to good works, but to the evil. Wilt thou then not be afraid of the power? do that which is good, and thou shalt have praise of the same:	
Romans 14:11	For it is written, As I live, saith the Lord, every knee shall bow to me, and every tongue shall confess to God.	
Romans 14:12	So then every one of us shall give account of himself to God.	
Romans 14:21	It is good neither to eat flesh, nor to drink wine, nor any thing whereby thy brother stumbleth, or is offended, or is made weak.	
Romans 14:6	He that regardeth the day, regardeth it unto the Lord; and he that regardeth not the day, to the Lord he doth not regard it. He that eateth, eateth to the Lord, for he giveth God thanks; and he that eateth not, to the Lord he eateth not, and giveth God thanks.	
Romans 15:10	And again he saith, Rejoice, ye Gentiles, with his people.	
Romans 15:15	Nevertheless, brethren, I have written the more boldly unto you in some sort, as putting you in mind, because of the grace that is given to me of God,	
Romans 15:29	And I am sure that, when I come unto you, I shall come in the fulness of the blessing of the gospel of Christ.	
Romans 15:30	Now I beseech you, brethren, for the Lord Jesus Christ's sake, and for the love of the Spirit, that ye strive together with me in your prayers to God for me;	
Romans 15:5	Now the God of patience and consolation grant you to be likeminded one toward another according to Christ Jesus:	
Romans 15:9	And that the Gentiles might glorify God for his mercy; as it is written, For this cause I will confess to thee among the Gentiles, and sing unto thy name.	
Romans 16:12	Salute Tryphena and Tryphosa, who labour in the Lord. Salute the beloved Persis, which laboured much in the Lord.	
Romans 16:18	For they that are such serve not our Lord Jesus Christ, but their own belly; and by good words and fair speeches deceive the hearts of the simple.	
Romans 16:2	That ye receive her in the Lord, as becometh saints, and that ye assist her in whatsoever business she hath need of you: for she hath been a succourer of many, and of myself also.	
Romans 16:23	Gaius mine host, and of the whole church, saluteth you. Erastus the chamberlain of the city saluteth you, and Quartus a brother.	
Romans 16:3	Greet Priscilla and Aquila my helpers in Christ Jesus:	
Romans 16:4	Who have for my life laid down their own necks: unto whom not only I give thanks, but also all the churches of the Gentiles.	
Romans 16:6	Greet Mary, who bestowed much labour on us.	
Romans 16:7	Salute Andronicus and Junia, my kinsmen, and my fellow-prisoners, who are of note among the apostles, who also were in Christ before me.	
Romans 16:8	Greet Amplias my beloved in the Lord.	
Romans 1:1	Paul, a servant of Jesus Christ, called to be an apostle, separated unto the gospel of God,	
Romans 1:12	That is, that I may be comforted together with you by the mutual faith both of you and me.	
Romans 1:14	I am debtor both to the Greeks, and to the Barbarians; both to the wise, and to the unwise.	
Romans 1:2	(Which he had promised afore by his prophets in the holy scriptures,)	
Romans 1:25	Who changed the truth of God into a lie, and worshipped and served the creature more than the Creator, who is blessed for ever. Amen.	
Romans 2:1	Therefore thou art inexcusable, O man, whosoever thou art that judgest: for wherein thou judgest another, thou condemnest thyself; for thou that judgest doest the same things.	
Romans 2:11	For there is no respect of persons with God.	
Romans 2:13	(For not the hearers of the law are just before God, but the doers of the law shall be justified.	
Romans 2:17	Behold, thou art called a Jew, and restest in the law, and makest thy boast of God,	
Romans 2:18	And knowest his will, and approvest the things that are more excellent, being instructed out of the law;	
Romans 2:22	Thou that sayest a man should not commit adultery, dost thou commit adultery? thou that abhorrest idols, dost thou commit sacrilege?	
Romans 2:24	For the name of God is blasphemed among the Gentiles through you, as it is written.	
Romans 2:26	Therefore if the uncircumcision keep the righteousness of the law, shall not his uncircumcision be counted for circumcision?	
Romans 2:9	Tribulation and anguish, upon every soul of man that doeth evil, of the Jew first, and also of the Gentile;	
Romans 3:11	There is none that understandeth, there is none that seeketh after God.	
Romans 3:15	Their feet are swift to shed blood:	
Romans 3:17	And the way of peace have they not known:	
Romans 3:2	Much every way: chiefly, because that unto them were committed the oracles of God.	
Romans 3:24	Being justified freely by his grace through the redemption that is in Christ Jesus:	
Romans 3:3	For what if some did not believe? shall their unbelief make the faith of God without effect?	
Romans 3:31	Do we then make void the law through faith? God forbid: yea, we establish the law.	
Romans 4:11	And he received the sign of circumcision, a seal of the righteousness of the faith which he had yet being uncircumcised: that he might be the father of all them that believe, though they be not circumcised; that righteousness might be imputed unto them also:	
Romans 4:13	For the promise, that he should be the heir of the world, was not to Abraham, or to his seed, through the law, but through the righteousness of faith.	
Romans 4:14	For if they which are of the law be heirs, faith is made void, and the promise made of none effect:	
Romans 4:18	Who against hope believed in hope, that he might become the father of many nations, according to that which was spoken, So shall thy seed be.	
Romans 4:20	He staggered not at the promise of God through unbelief; but was strong in faith, giving glory to God;	
Romans 4:21	And being fully persuaded that, what he had promised, he was able also to perform.	
Romans 4:25	Who was delivered for our offences, and was raised again for our justification.	
Romans 4:3	For what saith the scripture? Abraham believed God, and it was counted unto him for righteousness.	
Romans 4:9	Cometh this blessedness then upon the circumcision only, or upon the uncircumcision also? for we say that faith was reckoned to Abraham for righteousness.	
Romans 5:12	Wherefore, as by one man sin entered into the world, and death by sin; and so death passed upon all men, for that all have sinned:	
Romans 5:13	(For until the law sin was in the world: but sin is not imputed when there is no law.	
Romans 5:3	And not only so, but we glory in tribulations also: knowing that tribulation worketh patience;	
Romans 5:4	And patience, experience; and experience, hope:	
Romans 5:7	For scarcely for a righteous man will one die: yet peradventure for a good man some would even dare to die.	
Romans 5:8	But God commendeth his love toward us, in that, while we were yet sinners, Christ died for us.	
Romans 5:9	Much more then, being now justified by his blood, we shall be saved from wrath through him.	
Romans 6:12	Let not sin therefore reign in your mortal body, that ye should obey it in the lusts thereof.	
Romans 6:14	For sin shall not have dominion over you: for ye are not under the law, but under grace.	
Romans 6:19	I speak after the manner of men because of the infirmity of your flesh: for as ye have yielded your members servants to uncleanness and to iniquity unto iniquity; even so now yield your members servants to righteousness unto holiness.	
Romans 6:2	God forbid. How shall we, that are dead to sin, live any longer therein?	
Romans 6:22	But now being made free from sin, and become servants to God, ye have your fruit unto holiness, and the end everlasting life.	
Romans 6:23	For the wages of sin is death; but the gift of God is eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord.	
Romans 6:6	Knowing this, that our old man is crucified with him, that the body of sin might be destroyed, that henceforth we should not serve sin.	
Romans 6:8	Now if we be dead with Christ, we believe that we shall also live with him:	
Romans 6:9	Knowing that Christ being raised from the dead dieth no more; death hath no more dominion over him.	
Romans 7:10	And the commandment, which was ordained to life, I found to be unto death.	
Romans 7:13	Was then that which is good made death unto me? God forbid. But sin, that it might appear sin, working death in me by that which is good; that sin by the commandment might become exceeding sinful.	
Romans 7:17	Now then it is no more I that do it, but sin that dwelleth in me.	
Romans 7:2	For the woman which hath an husband is bound by the law to her husband so long as he liveth; but if the husband be dead, she is loosed from the law of her husband.	
Romans 7:4	Wherefore, my brethren, ye also are become dead to the law by the body of Christ; that ye should be married to another, even to him who is raised from the dead, that we should bring forth fruit unto God.	
Romans 7:6	But now we are delivered from the law, that being dead wherein we were held; that we should serve in newness of spirit, and not in the oldness of the letter.	
Romans 7:7	What shall we say then? Is the law sin? God forbid. Nay, I had not known sin, but by the law: for I had not known lust, except the law had said, Thou shalt not covet.	
Romans 7:8	But sin, taking occasion by the commandment, wrought in me all manner of concupiscence. For without the law sin was dead.	
Romans 8:14	For as many as are led by the Spirit of God, they are the sons of God.	
Romans 8:15	For ye have not received the spirit of bondage again to fear; but ye have received the Spirit of adoption, whereby we cry, Abba, Father.	
Romans 8:2	For the law of the Spirit of life in Christ Jesus hath made me free from the law of sin and death.	
Romans 8:21	Because the creature itself also shall be delivered from the bondage of corruption into the glorious liberty of the children of God.	
Romans 8:25	But if we hope for that we see not, then do we with patience wait for it.	
Romans 8:29	For whom he did foreknow, he also did predestinate to be conformed to the image of his Son, that he might be the firstborn among many brethren.	
Romans 8:32	He that spared not his own Son, but delivered him up for us all, how shall he not with him also freely give us all things?	
Romans 8:34	Who is he that condemneth? It is Christ that died, yea rather, that is risen again, who is even at the right hand of God, who also maketh intercession for us.	
Romans 8:4	That the righteousness of the law might be fulfilled in us, who walk not after the flesh, but after the Spirit.	
Romans 8:5	For they that are after the flesh do mind the things of the flesh; but they that are after the Spirit the things of the Spirit.	
Romans 8:7	Because the carnal mind is enmity against God: for it is not subject to the law of God, neither indeed can be.	
Romans 9:1	I say the truth in Christ, I lie not, my conscience also bearing me witness in the Holy Ghost,	
Romans 9:10	And not only this; but when Rebecca also had conceived by one, even by our father Isaac;	
Romans 9:19	Thou wilt say then unto me, Why doth he yet find fault? For who hath resisted his will?	
Romans 9:2	That I have great heaviness and continual sorrow in my heart.	
Romans 9:22	What if God, willing to shew his wrath, and to make his power known, endured with much longsuffering the vessels of wrath fitted to destruction:	
Romans 9:24	Even us, whom he hath called, not of the Jews only, but also of the Gentiles?	
Romans 9:26	And it shall come to pass, that in the place where it was said unto them, Ye are not my people; there shall they be called the children of the living God.	
Romans 9:30	What shall we say then? That the Gentiles, which followed not after righteousness, have attained to righteousness, even the righteousness which is of faith.	
Romans 9:33	As it is written, Behold, I lay in Sion a stumblingstone and rock of offence: and whosoever believeth on him shall not be ashamed.	
Romans 9:6	Not as though the word of God hath taken none effect. For they are not all Israel, which are of Israel:	
Romans 9:7	Neither, because they are the seed of Abraham, are they all children: but, In Isaac shall thy seed be called.	
Ruth 1:12	Turn again, my daughters, go your way; for I am too old to have an husband. If I should say, I have hope, if I should have an husband also to night, and should also bear sons;	
Ruth 1:13	Would ye tarry for them till they were grown? would ye stay for them from having husbands? nay, my daughters; for it grieveth me much for your sakes that the hand of the LORD is gone out against me.	
Ruth 1:15	And she said, Behold, thy sister in law is gone back unto her people, and unto her gods: return thou after thy sister in law.	
Ruth 1:17	Where thou diest, will I die, and there will I be buried: the LORD do so to me, and more also, if ought but death part thee and me.	
Ruth 1:20	And she said unto them, Call me not Naomi, call me Mara: for the Almighty hath dealt very bitterly with me.	
Ruth 2:10	Then she fell on her face, and bowed herself to the ground, and said unto him, Why have I found grace in thine eyes, that thou shouldest take knowledge of me, seeing I am a stranger?	
Ruth 2:12	The LORD recompense thy work, and a full reward be given thee of the LORD God of Israel, under whose wings thou art come to trust.	
Ruth 2:13	Then she said, Let me find favor in thy sight, my lord; for that thou hast comforted me, and for that thou hast spoken friendly unto thine handmaid, though I be not like unto one of thine handmaidens.	
Ruth 2:20	And Naomi said unto her daughter in law, Blessed be he of the LORD, who hath not left off his kindness to the living and to the dead. And Naomi said unto her, The man is near of kin unto us, one of our next kinsmen.	
Ruth 3:1	Then Naomi her mother in law said unto her, My daughter, shall I not seek rest for thee, that it may be well with thee?	
Ruth 3:13	Tarry this night, and it shall be in the morning, that if he will perform unto thee the part of a kinsman, well; let him do the kinsman's part: but if he will not do the part of a kinsman to thee, then will I do the part of a kinsman to thee, as the LORD liveth: lie down until the morning.	
Ruth 3:2	And now is not Boaz of our kindred, with whose maidens thou wast? Behold, he winnoweth barley to night in the threshingfloor.	
Ruth 3:4	And it shall be, when he lieth down, that thou shalt mark the place where he shall lie, and thou shalt go in, and uncover his feet, and lay thee down; and he will tell thee what thou shalt do.	
Ruth 3:6	And she went down unto the floor, and did according to all that her mother in law bade her.	
Ruth 4:18	Now these are the generations of Pharez: Pharez begat Hezron,	
Ruth 4:19	And Hezron begat Ram, and Ram begat Amminadab,	
Ruth 4:4	And I thought to advertise thee, saying, Buy it before the inhabitants, and before the elders of my people. If thou wilt redeem it, redeem it: but if thou wilt not redeem it, then tell me, that I may know: for there is none to redeem it beside thee; and I am after thee. And he said, I will redeem it.	
Ruth 4:7	Now this was the manner in former time in Israel concerning redeeming and concerning changing, for to confirm all things; a man plucked off his shoe, and gave it to his neighbor: and this was a testimony in Israel.	
Ruth 4:9	And Boaz said unto the elders, and unto all the people, Ye are witnesses this day, that I have bought all that was Elimelech's, and all that was Chilion's and Mahlon's, of the hand of Naomi.	
Song of Solomon 1:11	We will make thee borders of gold with studs of silver.	
Song of Solomon 1:14	My beloved is unto me as a cluster of camphire in the vineyards of Engedi.	
Song of Solomon 1:17	The beams of our house are cedar, and our rafters of fir.	
Song of Solomon 1:4	Draw me, we will run after thee: the king hath brought me into his chambers: we will be glad and rejoice in thee, we will remember thy love more than wine: the upright love thee.	
Song of Solomon 1:5	I am black, but comely, O ye daughters of Jerusalem, as the tents of Kedar, as the curtains of Solomon.	
Song of Solomon 1:9	I have compared thee, O my love, to a company of horses in Pharaoh's chariots.	
Song of Solomon 2:1	I am the rose of Sharon, and the lily of the valleys.	
Song of Solomon 2:17	Until the day break, and the shadows flee away, turn, my beloved, and be thou like a roe or a young hart upon the mountains of Bether.	
Song of Solomon 2:4	He brought me to the banqueting house, and his banner over me was love.	
Song of Solomon 2:8	The voice of my beloved! behold, he cometh leaping upon the mountains, skipping upon the hills.	
Song of Solomon 3:10	He made the pillars thereof of silver, the bottom thereof of gold, the covering of it of purple, the midst thereof being paved with love, for the daughters of Jerusalem.	
Song of Solomon 3:3	The watchmen that go about the city found me: to whom I said, Saw ye him whom my soul loveth?	
Song of Solomon 3:6	Who is this that cometh out of the wilderness like pillars of smoke, perfumed with myrrh and frankincense, with all powders of the merchant?	
Song of Solomon 4:1	Behold, thou art fair, my love; behold, thou art fair; thou hast doves' eyes within thy locks: thy hair is as a flock of goats, that appear from mount Gilead.	
Song of Solomon 4:5	Thy two breasts are like two young roes that are twins, which feed among the lilies.	
Song of Solomon 4:6	Until the day break, and the shadows flee away, I will get me to the mountain of myrrh, and to the hill of frankincense.	
Song of Solomon 5:10	My beloved is white and ruddy, the chiefest among ten thousand.	
Song of Solomon 5:14	His hands are as gold rings set with the beryl: his belly is as bright ivory overlaid with sapphires.	
Song of Solomon 5:6	I opened to my beloved; but my beloved had withdrawn himself, and was gone: my soul failed when he spake: I sought him, but I could not find him; I called him, but he gave me no answer.	
Song of Solomon 5:8	I charge you, O daughters of Jerusalem, if ye find my beloved, that ye tell him, that I am sick of love.	
Song of Solomon 6:10	Who is she that looketh forth as the morning, fair as the moon, clear as the sun, and terrible as an army with banners?	
Song of Solomon 6:6	Thy teeth are as a flock of sheep which go up from the washing, whereof every one beareth twins, and there is not one barren among them.	
Song of Solomon 6:7	As a piece of a pomegranate are thy temples within thy locks.	
Song of Solomon 6:9	My dove, my undefiled is but one; she is the only one of her mother, she is the choice one of her that bare her. The daughters saw her, and blessed her; yea, the queens and the concubines, and they praised her.	
Song of Solomon 7:1	How beautiful are thy feet with shoes, O prince's daughter! the joints of thy thighs are like jewels, the work of the hands of a cunning workman.	
Song of Solomon 7:10	I am my beloved's, and his desire is toward me.	
Song of Solomon 7:12	Let us get up early to the vineyards; let us see if the vine flourish, whether the tender grape appear, and the pomegranates bud forth: there will I give thee my loves.	
Song of Solomon 7:2	Thy navel is like a round goblet, which wanteth not liquor: thy belly is like an heap of wheat set about with lilies.	
Song of Solomon 7:6	How fair and how pleasant art thou, O love, for delights!	
Song of Solomon 7:9	And the roof of thy mouth like the best wine for my beloved, that goeth down sweetly, causing the lips of those that are asleep to speak.	
Song of Solomon 8:12	My vineyard, which is mine, is before me: thou, O Solomon, must have a thousand, and those that keep the fruit thereof two hundred.	
Song of Solomon 8:13	Thou that dwellest in the gardens, the companions hearken to thy voice: cause me to hear it.	
Song of Solomon 8:6	Set me as a seal upon thine heart, as a seal upon thine arm: for love is strong as death; jealousy is cruel as the grave: the coals thereof are coals of fire, which hath a most vehement flame.	
Titus 1:12	One of themselves, even a prophet of their own, said, The Cretians are alway liars, evil beasts, slow bellies.	
Titus 1:2	In hope of eternal life, which God, that cannot lie, promised before the world began;	
Titus 1:6	If any be blameless, the husband of one wife, having faithful children not accused of riot or unruly.	
Titus 1:8	But a lover of hospitality, a lover of good men, sober, just, holy, temperate;	
Titus 1:9	Holding fast the faithful word as he hath been taught, that he may be able by sound doctrine both to exhort and to convince the gainsayers.	
Titus 2:10	Not purloining, but shewing all good fidelity; that they may adorn the doctrine of God our Saviour in all things.	
Titus 2:4	That they may teach the young women to be sober, to love their husbands, to love their children,	
Titus 3:10	A man that is an heretick after the first and second admonition reject;	
Titus 3:6	Which he shed on us abundantly through Jesus Christ our Saviour;	
Titus 3:7	That being justified by his grace, we should be made heirs according to the hope of eternal life.	
Titus 3:9	But avoid foolish questions, and genealogies, and contentions, and strivings about the law; for they are unprofitable and vain.	
Zechariah 10:10	I will bring them again also out of the land of Egypt, and gather them out of Assyria; and I will bring them into the land of Gilead and Lebanon; and place shall not be found for them.	
Zechariah 10:11	And he shall pass through the sea with affliction, and shall smite the waves in the sea, and all the deeps of the river shall dry up: and the pride of Assyria shall be brought down, and the sceptre of Egypt shall depart away.	
Zechariah 10:3	Mine anger was kindled against the shepherds, and I punished the goats: for the LORD of hosts hath visited his flock the house of Judah, and hath made them as his goodly horse in the battle.	
Zechariah 11:1	Open thy doors, O Lebanon, that the fire may devour thy cedars.	
Zechariah 11:11	And it was broken in that day: and so the poor of the flock that waited upon me knew that it was the word of the LORD.	
Zechariah 11:14	Then I cut asunder mine other staff, even Bands, that I might break the brotherhood between Judah and Israel.	
Zechariah 11:16	For, lo, I will raise up a shepherd in the land, which shall not visit those that be cut off, neither shall seek the young one, nor heal that that is broken, nor feed that that standeth still: but he shall eat the flesh of the fat, and tear their claws in pieces.	
Zechariah 11:2	Howl, fir tree; for the cedar is fallen; because the mighty are spoiled: howl, O ye oaks of Bashan; for the forest of the vintage is come down.	
Zechariah 11:3	There is a voice of the howling of the shepherds; for their glory is spoiled: a voice of the roaring of young lions; for the pride of Jordan is spoiled.	
Zechariah 11:4	Thus saith the LORD my God; Feed the flock of the slaughter;	
Zechariah 12:10	And I will pour upon the house of David, and upon the inhabitants of Jerusalem, the spirit of grace and of supplications: and they shall look upon me whom they have pierced, and they shall mourn for him, as one mourneth for his only son, and shall be in bitterness for him, as one that is in bitterness for his firstborn.	
Zechariah 12:13	The family of the house of Levi apart, and their wives apart; the family of Shimei apart, and their wives apart;	
Zechariah 13:1	In that day there shall be a fountain opened to the house of David and to the inhabitants of Jerusalem for sin and for uncleanness.	
Zechariah 13:7	Awake, O sword, against my shepherd, and against the man that is my fellow, saith the LORD of hosts: smite the shepherd, and the sheep shall be scattered: and I will turn mine hand upon the little ones.	
Zechariah 14:10	All the land shall be turned as a plain from Geba to Rimmon south of Jerusalem: and it shall be lifted up, and inhabited in her place, from Benjamin's gate unto the place of the first gate, unto the corner gate, and from the tower of Hananeel unto the king's winepresses.	
Zechariah 14:13	And it shall come to pass in that day, that a great tumult from the LORD shall be among them; and they shall lay hold every one on the hand of his neighbour, and his hand shall rise up against the hand of his neighbour.	
Zechariah 14:14	And Judah also shall fight at Jerusalem; and the wealth of all the heathen round about shall be gathered together, gold, and silver, and apparel, in great abundance.	
Zechariah 14:15	And so shall be the plague of the horse, of the mule, of the camel, and of the ass, and of all the beasts that shall be in these tents, as this plague.	
Zechariah 14:16	And it shall come to pass, that every one that is left of all the nations which came against Jerusalem shall even go up from year to year to worship the King, the LORD of hosts, and to keep the feast of tabernacles.	
Zechariah 14:4	And his feet shall stand in that day upon the mount of Olives, which is before Jerusalem on the east, and the mount of Olives shall cleave in the midst thereof toward the east and toward the west, and there shall be a very great valley; and half of the mountain shall remove toward the north, and half of it toward the south.	
Zechariah 1:21	Then said I, What come these to do? And he spake, saying, These are the horns which have scattered Judah, so that no man did lift up his head: but these are come to fray them, to cast out the horns of the Gentiles, which lifted up their horn over the land of Judah to scatter it.	
Zechariah 1:3	Therefore say thou unto them, Thus saith the LORD of hosts; Turn ye unto me, saith the LORD of hosts, and I will turn unto you, saith the LORD of hosts.	
Zechariah 1:5	Your fathers, where are they? and the prophets, do they live for ever?	
Zechariah 1:7	Upon the four and twentieth day of the eleventh month, which is the month Sebat, in the second year of Darius, came the word of the LORD unto Zechariah, the son of Berechiah, the son of Iddo the prophet, saying,	
Zechariah 1:8	I saw by night, and behold a man riding upon a red horse, and he stood among the myrtle trees that were in the bottom; and behind him were there red horses, speckled, and white.	
Zechariah 2:13	Be silent, O all flesh, before the LORD: for he is raised up out of his holy habitation.	
Zechariah 2:2	Then said I, Whither goest thou? And he said unto me, To measure Jerusalem, to see what is the breadth thereof, and what is the length thereof.	
Zechariah 2:3	And, behold, the angel that talked with me went forth, and another angel went out to meet him,	
Zechariah 2:7	Deliver thyself, O Zion, that dwellest with the daughter of Babylon.	
Zechariah 3:10	In that day, saith the LORD of hosts, shall ye call every man his neighbour under the vine and under the fig tree.	
Zechariah 3:4	And he answered and spake unto those that stood before him, saying, Take away the filthy garments from him. And unto him he said, Behold, I have caused thine iniquity to pass from thee, and I will clothe thee with change of raiment.	
Zechariah 3:6	And the angel of the LORD protested unto Joshua, saying,	
Zechariah 4:2	And said unto me, What seest thou? And I said, I have looked, and behold a candlestick all of gold, with a bowl upon the top of it, and his seven lamps thereon, and seven pipes to the seven lamps, which are upon the top thereof:	
Zechariah 4:4	So I answered and spake to the angel that talked with me, saying, What are these, my lord?	
Zechariah 4:8	Moreover the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,	
Zechariah 4:9	The hands of Zerubbabel have laid the foundation of this house; his hands shall also finish it; and thou shalt know that the LORD of hosts hath sent me unto you.	
Zechariah 5:6	And I said, What is it? And he said, This is an ephah that goeth forth. He said moreover, This is their resemblance through all the earth.	
Zechariah 6:10	Take of them of the captivity, even of Heldai, of Tobijah, and of Jedaiah, which are come from Babylon, and come thou the same day, and go into the house of Josiah the son of Zephaniah;	
Zechariah 6:11	Then take silver and gold, and make crowns, and set them upon the head of Joshua the son of Josedech, the high priest;	
Zechariah 6:14	And the crowns shall be to Helem, and to Tobijah, and to Jedaiah, and to Hen the son of Zephaniah, for a memorial in the temple of the LORD.	
Zechariah 6:4	Then I answered and said unto the angel that talked with me, What are these, my lord?	
Zechariah 7:12	Yea, they made their hearts as an adamant stone, lest they should hear the law, and the words which the LORD of hosts hath sent in his spirit by the former prophets: therefore came a great wrath from the LORD of hosts.	
Zechariah 7:14	But I scattered them with a whirlwind among all the nations whom they knew not. Thus the land was desolate after them, that no man passed through nor returned: for they laid the pleasant land desolate.	
Zechariah 7:2	When they had sent unto the house of God Sherezer and Regemmelech, and their men, to pray before the LORD,	
Zechariah 7:7	Should ye not hear the words which the LORD hath cried by the former prophets, when Jerusalem was inhabited and in prosperity, and the cities thereof round about her, when men inhabited the south and the plain?	
Zechariah 7:8	And the word of the LORD came unto Zechariah, saying,	
Zechariah 8:2	Thus saith the LORD of hosts; I was jealous for Zion with great jealousy, and I was jealous for her with great fury.	
Zechariah 8:3	Thus saith the LORD; I am returned unto Zion, and will dwell in the midst of Jerusalem: and Jerusalem shall be called a city of truth; and the mountain of the LORD of hosts the holy mountain.	
Zechariah 8:8	And I will bring them, and they shall dwell in the midst of Jerusalem: and they shall be my people, and I will be their God, in truth and in righteousness.	
Zechariah 9:11	As for thee also, by the blood of thy covenant I have sent forth thy prisoners out of the pit wherein is no water.	
Zechariah 9:17	For how great is his goodness, and how great is his beauty! corn shall make the young men cheerful, and new wine the maids.	
Zechariah 9:7	And I will take away his blood out of his mouth, and his abominations from between his teeth: but he that remaineth, even he, shall be for our God, and he shall be as a governor in Judah, and Ekron as a Jebusite.	
Zephaniah 1:13	Therefore their goods shall become a booty, and their houses a desolation: they shall also build houses, but not inhabit them; and they shall plant vineyards, but not drink the wine thereof.	
Zephaniah 1:16	A day of the trumpet and alarm against the fenced cities, and against the high towers.	
Zephaniah 1:17	And I will bring distress upon men, that they shall walk like blind men, because they have sinned against the LORD: and their blood shall be poured out as dust, and their flesh as the dung.	
Zephaniah 1:3	I will consume man and beast; I will consume the fowls of the heaven, and the fishes of the sea, and the stumblingblocks with the wicked: and I will cut off man from off the land, saith the LORD.	
Zephaniah 2:1	Gather yourselves together, yea, gather together, O nation not desired;	
Zephaniah 2:2	Before the decree bring forth, before the day pass as the chaff, before the fierce anger of the LORD come upon you, before the day of the LORD's anger come upon you.	
Zephaniah 2:4	For Gaza shall be forsaken, and Ashkelon a desolation: they shall drive out Ashdod at the noon day, and Ekron shall be rooted up.	
Zephaniah 2:7	And the coast shall be for the remnant of the house of Judah; they shall feed thereupon: in the houses of Ashkelon shall they lie down in the evening: for the LORD their God shall visit them, and turn away their captivity.	
Zephaniah 3:12	I will also leave in the midst of thee an afflicted and poor people, and they shall trust in the name of the LORD.	
Zephaniah 3:13	The remnant of Israel shall not do iniquity, nor speak lies; neither shall a deceitful tongue be found in their mouth: for they shall feed and lie down, and none shall make them afraid.	
Zephaniah 3:19	Behold, at that time I will undo all that afflict thee: and I will save her that halteth, and gather her that was driven out; and I will get them praise and fame in every land where they have been put to shame.	
Zephaniah 3:4	Her prophets are light and treacherous persons: her priests have polluted the sanctuary, they have done violence to the law.	
Zephaniah 3:8	Therefore wait ye upon me, saith the LORD, until the day that I rise up to the prey: for my determination is to gather the nations, that I may assemble the kingdoms, to pour upon them mine indignation, even all my fierce anger: for all the earth shall be devoured with the fire of my jealousy.	
